What s Behind Dear Kate s No-Underwear Yoga PantsWhat's Behind Dear Kate's No-Underwear Yoga Pants
Posted:
reddit
Lingerie company Dear Kate's new no-underwear yoga pants make a lot of promises: No panty lines. No bunching. No riding up. No camel toe. No stressing about comfort. And they'll make your butt look great.
If they can deliver all that, the new pants, which have a thick, absorbent lining around the crotch, may be able to shove their way into the busy market for yoga gear. That's the plan, at least, for Dear Kate founder Julie Sygiel, whose company is making its first foray away from undergarments.
"We surveyed our customers and said, 'Hey what do you want to see from us next,'" Sygiel, who studied chemical engineering at Brown University, told the Huffington Post in an interview. "Yoga wear was by far the winner."
She may have caught on to something.
Most women wear a thong or other kind of panties with their yoga pants. But around 17 percent of women wear nothing at all underneath their pants when they work out, according to Dear Kate's market research. A survey conducted by Groupon earlier this year found that about 25 percent of women go commando while practicing yoga.
Alexandra Seijo, who teaches yoga at Equinox and Pure Yoga in New York City, said she doesn't usually wear underwear while practicing, and will definitely check our Dear Kate's new pants. She wants to be focused on what's happening internally when she's doing yoga, so something that would keep her mind from getting distracted would be a plus, she said.
"Sometimes we do get caught up in the external, when the purpose of yoga is to go within,"  Seijo told HuffPost. "The last thing you want to worry about is tugging, pulling, pinching, having any kind of clothing malfunction because you want to be fully immersed in the practice."
Still, no-underwear yoga pants have their limits. Some may have issues trusting the concept of shunning their underwear, especially after Lululemon's see-through yoga pant debacle in 2013. And they need to be washed after each use without an undergarment.
Dear Kate started as an underwear company, but decided to expand into yoga-wear. (Photo courtesy Dear Kate)
Founded in 2012, Dear Kate has raised $1.2 million thus far from private investors, selling a selection of undergarments that present an alternative to "period panties." They have extra lining and are made of materials that wick moisture, release stains and resist leaks. They're also aimed at women who have bladder issues after pregnancy.
Now, Dear Kate is trying to grab a piece of the growing market for yoga gear. Global sales of so-called "activewear" climbed 7 percent and surpassed $33 billion in the 12 months ending in June, according to data from market research firm NPD Group. Athletic wear companies, fast-fashion emporiums and even some haute couture labels are trying to claim their slice of the yoga pie. Meanwhile, smaller yoga apparel makers are battling each other , vying to be the next Lululemon.
The regular, full-length yoga pant from Dear Kate costs $118. Lululemon charges between $82 and $128 for most of its yoga pants, while many similar styles from rival Athleta run from $64 to $98.
While items like no-underwear running shorts have been around for a long time, Sygiel is hoping that her more versatile yoga product will set it apart. And the stretchy pants aren't just for yoga -- women use them for many athletics, from pilates to running and biking.
Sygiel's yoga pants, made at a factory in Queens, New York, are getting attention even before they become available to the public. A 30-day Kickstarter campaign for the pants attracted more than $150,000 in funding. Though Sygiel declined to share precise sales numbers, she said that in 2014, the company expects to triple its revenue total from the year prior.
Dear Kate's pants are expected to launch in mid-November, but are available for pre-order now.
Dear Kate's no-underwear yoga pants have a thick, moisture-wicking lining. (Photo courtesy Dear Kate)
More:

Oregon s Cheap Legal Weed Could Starve Washington s MarketOregon's Cheap Legal Weed Could Starve Washington's Market
Posted:
Updated:
11/01/2014  9:59 am EDT
The "New Kush" strain of cannabis at the retail marijuana store New Vansterdam in Vancouver, Washington. The store says if Oregon legalizes recreational pot it could put him out of business. (Photo: New Vansterdam) | Twitter/NVansterdam
reddit
Could Oregon’s legal marijuana market starve Washington’s?
Voters in Oregon decide on Tuesday whether or not to legalize recreational marijuana. If the measure passes, Oregon and Washington will boast the first shared border in the world of legal retail pot.
Yet the two states will have very different legal frameworks, with prices in Oregon expected to be far lower than prices in Washington, where a combination of supply shortages and taxes have kept pot prices sky high . The potential discrepancy is causing some to speculate that Oregon’s cheap dispensaries could end up stealing business from those in Washington.
The predicament underscores the growing pains legalization advocates and policymakers face in figuring out the best ways to tax and regulate the drug from state to state.
Ever since legal pot went on sale in Washington in July, consumers have been shocked at how expensive it is . At Cannabis City in Seattle, a gram of weed costs about $20 : That works out to be over $500 per ounce. Meanwhile, on the black market in Washington, an ounce of pot costs about half that , according to the website Price Of Weed, which crowdsources the cost of marijuana in each state.
The state’s pot prices are high for a number of reasons. First of all, the state taxes pot at every step of the way -- from the farm to the consumer -- meaning that customers end up paying a tax burden of 30-40 percent when they go to buy a dime bag. Second, there was (and still is) a supply shortage. This is partly because the state put a cap on the number of shops allowed to open, and then handed out licenses randomly to entrepreneurs who either weren't prepared to open a business or who had trouble finding a location because of the state's strict zoning laws . Washington's supply shortages are also due to the fact that growers who were given licenses needed time to cultivate the plants (a process that takes about three months.)
In an especially ludicrous illustration of Washington’s inability to snuff out the black market for weed -- which was one of the primary reasons the state decriminalized the marijuana in the first place -- dispensary owners in Washington have reported having to chase drug dealers off their doorsteps .
Now compare that to Oregon, where recreational marijuana, if it becomes legal, would cost just $145 an ounce , according to a report from the consulting firm ECONorthwest. Even if dispensaries divided that ounce into smaller units and marked up the price, that’s still significantly cheaper than what legal retail weed costs in many Washington dispensaries. As a result, experts say it’s inevitable that Washington residents will motor over the border to get their herb in Oregon.
“There will definitely be lots of people coming from Washington to Oregon [to buy cannabis],”  said Robert Whelan, an ECONorthwest economist who co-authored the report. Whelan said Oregon -- which is one of the few states in the nation with no sales tax -- already does billions of dollars in business selling other commodities to out-of-state residents from Washington and California.
“No one in their right mind buys a TV set or a computer in Washington if they live anywhere near Oregon,” Whelan said. “Because if you come here, you save $100.” The same will be true for marijuana, he said.
Brian Budz, who co-owns a retail marijuana store called New Vansterdam in Vancouver, Washington, said he’s worried that if Oregon passes a law permitting recreational pot stores to open, he could go out of business.
“It’s absolutely a concern, yes,” Budz told HuffPost. His business is forced to pay a 25 percent excise tax when they buy weed wholesale from a grower and another 25 percent fee when they sell to the customer, Budz said. “And that doesn’t include the federal taxes, or the fact that because we’re selling a Schedule I drug, we can’t write anything off. So we’re getting blasted from all angles.”
In Oregon, the proposed law would “make it easier for retailers to breathe and make a profit,” because the taxes are so much lower, Budz said.
The price discrepancy problem would likely only affect southern Washington, since dispensaries in other parts of the state are far from the border. And in the longer run, the price gap could close, said Brookings Institution’s Phil Wallach.
“Because Oregon’s tax would be by weight and Washington’s is by price,” Wallach said, “if the supply problems in Washington eventually get alleviated and the price comes considerably down, that will also lower the amount of taxes [consumers will pay]. Eventually, there could be an equilibrium.”
Top photo courtesy of New Vansterdam .
More:

Richard Branson: Virgin Galactic Will  Not Push On Blindly  After Crashreddit
Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson on Saturday cast doubt on the future of his commercial space tourism company.
A day after the pilot of a Virgin Galactic rocket plane died in a crash and another was injured during a test flight, the billionaire vowed to investigate the accident and said he "would like to see the dream living on."
"We would love to finish what we started some years ago," Branson said at a press conference in California. "I think pretty well all our astronauts would love to finish it, and would love to go to space."
The National Transportation Safety Board opened an investigation on Saturday into what caused the SpaceShipTwo shuttle to crash, seriously injuring one pilot and killing 39-year-old Michael Alsbury. Founded in 2004, Virgin Galactic is working to provide suborbital spaceflight to tourists and scientists.
The accident on Friday underscores the dangers facing the nascent space travel industry, led in recent years by Branson and billionaire SpaceX founder Elon Musk.
On Tuesday, an unmanned Antares rocket exploded six seconds after liftoff from NASA's Wallops Island launch pad in Virginia. The rocket was ferrying supplies to the International Space Station.
A GIF of the Antares rocket exploding after takeoff.
No one was hurt in Tuesday's explosion, but shares in the company that developed the rocket, Orbital Sciences Corporation, plummeted afterward. The company said it would investigate what went wrong.
"It's a real setback to the idea that lots of people are going to be taking joyrides into the fringes of outer space any time soon," John Logsdon, a retired space policy director at George Washington University, told the Associated Press . "There were a lot of people who believed that the technology to carry people is safely at hand."
On Saturday, Branson appeared somber as he told reporters Virgin Galactic, the space-travel arm of his business empire, would "not push on blindly."
"We owe it to our test pilots to figure out what went wrong," the British mogul said. "If we can overcome it, we'll make absolutely certain that the dream lives on."
More:

Realty Mogul Is Changing The Crowdfunding GameAOL Branded Entertainment for Verizon
Realty Mogul Is Changing The Crowdfunding Game
Posted:
reddit
When it comes to crowdfunding, sites like Kickstarter and Indiegogo are the first to come to mind. However, crowdfunding in the real estate space has its own identity. It's called Realty Mogul.
"We’re a finance business and a technology business," founder and CEO Jilliene Helman explained. "We pool capital on the internet for real estate transactions. We will sift through billions of dollars in real estate transactions to find the transactions that we think make the most sense, and then we’re giving that investor detailed information to make their own investments."
Most crowdfunding sites allow users to back a product or idea, but, as Helman said, real estate is different. "We’re still crowdfunding in the element that we’re pooling capital together, but we’re really focused on that high net worth investor who wants to diversify into real estate."
The minimum investment one can make through Realty Mogul is $10,000, while the average customer invests $60,000 across the platform. According to Helman, over 50 percent of the company's investors make more than one transaction.
Much like other crowdfunding pioneers, Realty Mogul is on track to raise billions of dollars for its projects, and has become the largest online marketplace for real estate investors -- but Helman isn't resting on her laurels just yet. "Redefining an industry is one thing," she added. "But building an industry is something different."
Aol's BeOn group creates custom editorial content that is sponsored by marketing partners. The sponsoring partners do not exert editorial influence over the content, but may be organically integrated within content in an authentic manner that does not impact editorial integrity.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close
10 Most Expensive Cities For Real Estate
of

24-Second GIF Shows Entire Construction Of One World Trade CenterIt took more than a decade to build One World Trade Center, but this GIF, tweeted by DailyMotion partnership manager Dan Milano last year, captures the construction of one of the tallest buildings in New York City in just 24 seconds.
Although thousands of workers will eventually occupy what was formerly known as the Freedom Tower, 175 Conde Nast employees moved into the building Monday.

Hyundai And Kia To Pay U.S. Government For Overstating Gas MilageHyundai And Kia To Pay $100 Million For Overstating MPGs On About One-Third Of Models
 | By                                                                By TOM KRISHER and ERIC TUCKER
Posted:
reddit
Photographer: SeongJoon Cho/Bloomberg via Getty Images
WASHINGTON (AP) — Korean automakers Hyundai and Kia will pay the U.S. government a $100 million civil penalty to end a two-year investigation into overstated gas mileage figures on window stickers on 1.2 million vehicles.
The penalty, announced Monday by the Justice Department and the Environmental Protection Agency, is the first under new rules aimed at limiting the amount of heat-trapping gases cars are allowed to emit. Those regulations are a cornerstone of President Barack Obama's plans to combat global warming and are achieved largely through improving vehicle fuel economy.
The payment could also serve as a precedent for other automakers who overstate mileage in violation of the Clean Air Act. Attorney General Eric Holder said it underscores the need for car companies to be honest about their compliance with emissions standards.
Under the settlement, Hyundai-Kia will forfeit greenhouse gas credits worth more than $200 million because the affected vehicles will emit about 4.75 million more metric tons of greenhouse gases than the automakers originally claimed. The credits could have been sold to other automakers who aren't meeting emissions standards.
Hyundai-Kia must also audit test results on current models, and set up an independent group to certify future test results, at a cost of around $50 million.
Officials said the misrepresentations put other car companies at a competitive disadvantage, especially since fuel economy is seen as a critical factor that "consumers think about when they're going to buy a car," said EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy.
"That tilts the market in favor of those who don't play by the rules and it disadvantages those that actually do play by the rules," McCarthy told a news conference. "And that's simply not fair, and it's also not legal."
The companies, which are both owned by Hyundai and generally sell different versions of the same models, denied allegations that they violated the law. Hyundai blamed the inflated mileage on honest misinterpretation of the EPA's complex rules governing testing. Both companies said they are paying the penalties — $56.8 million for Hyundai and $43.2 million for Kia — to end the probe and potential litigation.
All automakers do their own mileage tests based on EPA guidelines, and the agency does audits to make sure they are accurate. In the past two years, the EPA has stepped up audits of automaker tests. Just two weeks ago, the agency told BMW to cut mileage estimates on four of its Mini Cooper models. Ford and Mercedes-Benz also had to cut numbers on their window stickers.
In November 2012, the EPA ordered Hyundai and Kia to redo the window stickers on cars that made up about one-third of their model lineup. Generally, gas mileage was overstated by one or two miles per gallon. But the EPA's tests found the highway mileage of one vehicle, the boxy Kia Soul, was 6 mpg too high. Both automakers started a program to reimburse automakers for the difference between their mileage tests and the EPA's lower numbers.
The EPA and Justice Department, in an agreement filed in federal court, said the automakers violated the law by using inaccurately low numbers to prove their compliance with emission standards. The government alleged Hyundai and Kia "chose favorable results rather than average results from a large number of tests."
But in a statement, Hyundai blamed the problem on the EPA's regulations.
The company said some EPA mileage tests are done on a dynamometer, which is a treadmill for cars. To calculate wind drag, friction in the engine and transmission, and tire rolling resistance, automakers do tests on a track, measuring how long it takes for cars to "coast down" to a stop. That test yields a number that is programmed into the dynamometer.
Hyundai said automaker interpretations of the tests vary because regulations don't specify exactly how to do the tests.
"It was our regulatory interpretation within this broad latitude that was responsible for the ratings restatement," spokesman Jim Trainor said.
McCarthy, however, said that the automakers' protocol was "systemically flawed" and "inconsistent with normal engineering practices and inconsistent with how any other company has been doing this."
EPA officials said Hyundai also had to change its organizational structure to separate product and engine development from the people who do the mileage tests. The old structure had the same people doing both, an anomaly in the industry, the officials said.
___

Sorry  But Saving Money Won t Make You RichSorry, But Saving Money Won't Make You Rich
Posted:
reddit
If you think you can save your way to wealth, you’re wrong. Spending less than you make is not the path to riches. Instead, wealth comes and goes as asset prices -– real estate, stocks, and bonds -– rise and fall.
This is why most Americans have no shot at ever being wealthy, while the already-wealthy people who own those assets just keep getting wealthier.
Investor and blogger Steve Roth recently crunched government data and found that household saving -- whatever income people have left over after their spending -- has little effect on boosting wealth.
Charted, Roth’s conclusion looks like this:
The huge red swings -- representing major asset classes like stocks and real estate -- dominate the up and downs of household wealth. The tiny sliver that is saving is small -- and, Roth notes, getting relatively smaller. (Note that saving, in this case, does not include the capital gains people get from selling assets for a profit.)
Letting speculation work for you, not saving, is how wealth is truly built in America. Net worth is tied to the market value of some illiquid things (houses) and some liquid things (stocks, bonds).
Saving money isn’t necessarily a bad idea. It can help you in lots of ways. But, in the aggregate, it’s not how we get rich.
Recent years have shown just how misleading and harmful homilies like “work hard. Spend a little. Save the difference. Let your assets work for you,” from the Motley Fool , are: misleading because saving is not the primary way wealth is accumulated; harmful because people when saving fails, people think they are the failure.
If you’ve internalized that advice, it’s hard not to feel like a failure. American incomes have finally halted their decade of decline with a year of stagnation . Wages are flat . Home prices, we found out, can go down as well as up. They’re recovered in some places, but many people saw most of their wealth disappear in the housing crisis. The stock market has been on a tear, of course. But that has meant rising wealth for a very small group .
Millions of Americans missed out on the wealth-spinning party by selling when stocks were low, or by being unable to afford to invest at all. Saving money won't come close to helping them make up that wealth.
More:

RBI likely to hold rates through 2014-15: ICRAcentral bank
Notwithstanding moderation in inflation, the Reserve Bank of India is likely to keep status quo on the policy rates this fiscal to check price rise expectations, says a report.
“We expect the central bank to stick to a firm anti-inflationary stance over the remainder of the current fiscal to rein in inflation expectations and impart credibility to its targets,” ICRA Ratings chief economist Aditi Nayar said in a report.
She, however, expects the apex bank to begin a rate-easing cycle in the first quarter of the next fiscal, with repo rate cuts of up to 50 basis points.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan will announce the fifth bi-monthly monetary policy on December 2, 2014.
The rating agency sees CPI inflation in January 2015 to be well below the target of 8 per cent as per the glide path announced by the RBI, despite base effect waning after this month.
Retail inflation eased to 6.46 per cent in September, lowest since January 2012, from 7.73 per cent in August.
“While liquidity conditions for the rest of the fiscal would be guided by the extent of revival of the investment cycle, systemic liquidity is anticipated to remain comfortable, dampening various interest rates despite our expectation that the repo rate would remain unchanged at 8 per cent in 2014-15,” she said.
She expects the RBI to continue to use term repos and overnight variable reverse repos as the primary tools for liquidity management.
She also said her agency sees GDP growth moderating to 5 per cent in the second quarter, down from 5.7 per cent in the first quarter. This is on account of factors like unfavourable kharif harvest, sluggish manufacturing, export slowdown and moderation in the pace of expansion of government spending.
“We maintain a GDP growth forecast of 5.3-5.5 per cent for this fiscal, which takes into account expectations of a mild improvement in manufacturing growth; some pickup in investment activity in fourth quarter; and a healthy rabi harvest offsetting kharif crop losses,” the report said.
The rating agency has revised its forecast for credit growth during FY15 to 13.5-14.5 per cent from the previous estimate of 14—15 per cent, while maintaining its estimate for deposit growth at 12.75-13.50 per cent.
Credit growth is expected to recover moderately by fourth quarter of this fiscal as large ticket corporate loans pick up with an improvement in economic growth conditions.
However, following the decline in commodity prices, the working capital requirements of firms in various sectors would be lower, she said.
“The deregulation of diesel prices would lead to lower under-recoveries for OMCs, reducing their working capital needs,” it said.

Guest post: Russia ETF inflows strong in spite of turmoilSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Polish campaigners bite back at import ban on apples from RussiaAbout this blog
Blog guide
Welcome. FT data is a collaborative effort from journalists across the FT working in data journalism, statistics and data visualisation.
We aim to look at statistical issues in depth and provide original analysis of data. Occasionally we’ll also post guest contributions. Get in touch at ftdata@ft.com

Guest post: Russia annexes Donbas but loses UkraineSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Warnings from Japan for the eurozoneWarnings from Japan for the eurozone
Martin Wolf
Europe has been unwilling to address the structural excess savings of creditor countries
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/35e3f7e4-6415-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CVS s Cigarette Ban Appears To Have Boosted SalesCVS's Cigarette Ban Appears To Have Boosted Sales
Posted:
reddit
CVS's move to ban cigarette sales earlier this year seems to be paying off.
Revenue jumped 9.7 percent in CVS' latest quarter from the same period a year ago, the company, which has rebranded itself as CVS Health, reported on Tuesday. That was due in part to a nearly 16-percent gain in revenue for CVS's pharmacy services, which rose to $22.5 billion in the quarter from $19.4 billion a year earlier.
The gain in pharmacy-services revenue helped offset a 4.5-percent year-over-year drop in sales in what is known as the "front of the store" -- where things like magazines, candy, greeting cards and toothpaste are sold -- in stores open a year or more.  And that drop was due to the end of cigarette sales, CVS said.
This all fits into CVS’s grand strategy to rebrand itself as a more healthful company, said Vishnu Lekraj, an analyst who covers CVS for the investment research firm Morningstar.
CVS's pharmacy services trade, where the 16-percent increase in revenue occurred, is where the company earns big bucks by contracting with large employers and insurance companies to administer prescription-drug coverage. And it can better attract corporate partners with a healthier brand, Lekraj said.
"They can’t market themselves as a health-care servicer when they’re selling one of the most unhealthy products around,” he said.
Front-of-store sales at CVS will keep falling in the near term, but that doesn't really matter, Lekraj said. The money that CVS can earn by grabbing a larger portion of the country's expanding health-care market will likely outweigh the annual $2 billion it loses through cigarette sales , which only made up a small percentage of its revenue in the first place.
Health-care spending in the U.S. is projected to grow by 5.6 percent this year and by another 6 percent a year from 2015-2023 , according to predictions by federal auditors. There are millions of people newly insured by the Affordable Care Act . And CVS is also turning itself into a low-budget doctor's office: The company has more than 900 "Minute Clinics" nationwide that offer quick service for things like flu shots or blood-pressure tests, luring in customers who may not want to wait (or travel) to see a doctor.
More:

Top 10 Business Travel HacksAnswer by Chantelle Martineau , Salon Professional
Join every loyalty program possible.  When things go wrong, it pays to have the membership for leverage. It also gets you priority for check in, etc.
Stay with the same hotel chain. The points you acquire can be some great Christmas gifts!
Seriously, be nice. It's not the gate agent's fault if the flight is canceled and taking it out on them will not help. If you are nice to them, I guarantee that you will find a faster solution to your issue.
Have a power pack as a power backup for your phone. I love my Mophie!
Pack your own energy bar and snacks. Throw a couple in purse or backpack. Why pay more if you don't have to?
On Tuesday nights and Wednesday nights, the airlines open seats and drop prices.
It just depends on how much you travel, but I literally have my travel clothes always in my suitcase. I only switch them out seasonally and launder what is needed. Packing is a pain so keep it easy.
Driving can be faster. If it's less than a 5 hour drive, it's easier and then you have your own car.
Get an electronic hobby. Whether it's a game on your iPad, reading on your iPad, or whatever, it helps pass the time.
Have your emergency information somewhere safe but not in your wallet. If your wallet gets stolen, you need to have the information to call your credit card companies.  Act fast on this, thieves move fast and are skilled.  And don't worry, security will let you through at the airport, you just have to go through a little extra screening.
More questions on Quora :

RIL Says Considering Divestment of Eagle Ford Midstream BusinessYou are here: Home Corporates
RIL Says Considering Divestment of Eagle Ford Midstream Business
Reuters | Updated On: November 05, 2014 13:04 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Mumbai: Reliance Industries Inc on Wednesday said it had agreed to consider the divestment of its Eagle Ford Shale midstream joint venture with partner Pioneer Natural Resources Co.
Reliance owns a 49.9 per cent stake in the business, EFS Midstream LLC, while Pioneer is the operator with a 50.1 per cent stake in the Eagle Ford midstream system, which consists of 10 central gathering plants and about 460 miles of pipelines.
Pioneer will redeploy capital from the sale to its core oil rich assets in West Texas, and currently has no plans to divest its upstream assets in the Eagle Ford shale, the company said in a statement on Wednesday.
Reliance, which Reuters reported is seeking a buyer for its 45 per cent stake in its Eagle Ford joint oil and natural gas venture, did not mention its plans for the upstream assets.
The midstream business was set up in 2010 to construct facilities to handle condensate and natural gas from wells in the Eagle Ford shale and Pioneer's cash flow from the business is expected to be over $100 million in 2015, according to the company's statement.
Reliance said in a statement to the exchange that its current investment in EFS Midstream was $208 million.
Reliance shares were down 0.88 per cent at Rs 993.555 as of 12:37 p.m. in a broader Mumbai market that was up 0.12 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Time for RBI to Cut Interest Rates: Anand MahindraMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: Stating that the economy has started improving, Mahindra Group chairman and managing director Anand Mahindra on Wednesday said the RBI should consider cutting interest rates to boost growth.
"It might be time for the RBI to think of a rate cut," Mr Mahindra said here on the sidelines of the India Economic Summit.
He added that in the past the central bank hasn't been able to bring down the rates due to high inflation.
"The need of the hour has changed and it's time to start to look to support growth," Mr Mahindra said.
The inflation measured in terms of Wholesale Price Index (WPI) touched a five year low of 2.38 per cent in September. Besides, retail inflation has also dropped to 6.46 per cent, the lowest since the new series of Consumer Price Index was released in January 2012.
Mr Mahindra also said that with a new government taking charge, not only have the sentiments improved but the economy has also started showing signs of growth on the back of various steps taken by the Narendra Modi-led regime.
"This (Indian economy) is a large flywheel. It is not a jump start; it takes a while to gain momentum. I see signs that the flywheel is beginning to move," he said.
Highlighting the significance of "little dose of reforms" undertaken by the new government and how it would eventually add up to "big bang reforms", Mr Mahindra said: "By the first quarter of the next fiscal, you'd see palpable signs of growth."
While appreciating the steps taken by the new government such as extending the excise duty cut, he said it is time to bring down taxes in the auto industry.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 13:39 (IST)

Risk-return relationship has been upended© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bc78d710-6371-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Washington gridlock cannot get much worseNovember 5, 2014 7:29 am
Washington gridlock cannot get any worse
Jacob Weisberg
Co-operation on some matters may make more sense than obstruction, writes Jacob Weisberg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/202dad30-6453-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil markets focus on Saudi formula is undueMarket’s focus on Saudi pricing is undue
Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
Other factors are also at work, like market positioning
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3d5e87c0-64b3-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Falling oil prices: Why is that bad newsView Gallery
World's 10 costliest nations to buy diesel
Oil (New York Mercantile Exchange: @CL.1) dropped below $80 per barrel on Monday morning, with important implications for production and jobs.
The most important issue for the markets is oil that dips below $80. Today, Goldman Sachs ( GS ) cut its West Texas Intermediate Crude target to $75 from $90. The investment bank also cut Brent (Intercontinental Exchange Europe: @LCO.1) crude to $85 from $100.
A few weeks ago Citi (NYSE: C ) put out a report noting that the "full-cycle" costs (land, infrastructure, well drilling and operating costs) for many new shale plays is in the $70 to $80 range. That means that we are entering the area where some new shale plays will become unfeasible.
This has a bigger impact than just lower oil gas prices. Obviously, a lower gas price is good news. The bad news is the potential impact this could have on the other side of the ledger: jobs. The shale oil boom has been a significant help for the jobs market in the United States. A reduction in new drilling could have a significant impact on the booming energy industry.
Elsewhere:
1) Seasonal traders on alert: the S&P 500 (CME:Index and Options Market: .INX) had its best week since January 2013 last week, as inflows combined with under-exposed hedge funds moved the markets up.
Traders are generally optimistic, since we are entering a seasonally strong period for several reasons: the November-December two-month period is seasonally strong, trade during the six days before midterm elections has been up 75 percent of the time in the eight elections in the last 32 years, and companies that halted or reduced buybacks in October return to the market in November.
2) Lots of international news:
Brazil's Bovespa is being hit hard as incumbent Dilma Rousseff won a hard-fought re-election battle; 51.6 percent of the vote went to her versus 48.4 for the challenger Aecio Neves. The Dilma victory was obviously not priced into the market.
Of the 24 European banks that failed the stress test, nine were Italian. Greece only had three, Cyprus also had three.
The Nikkei 225 (CBOE:.NKXQ) was up 0.6 percent overnight after a Japanese government official said the government should consider delaying a planned sales tax increase. This would follow on the heels of a similar hike in April.
3) While everyone will be fixed on the Fed meeting this Wednesday, many are talking just as much about the first look at third quarter GDP on Thursday. Consensus is for a gain of 3.1 percent. It was 4.6 percent in the second quarter, so if the third quarter reading hits the consensus we will definitely be in a period of above-trend GDP growth.
4) How important is a 10-percent correction? Financial journalists obsessed about this last week as we got close to a 10-percent decline, but it may not be indicative of much at all. Steven Wieting, global chief investment strategist with Citi Private Bank, writing in Barron's this weekend, noted that "moderate asset price declines have more often been false warning signs."
He said fundamentals and stocks rarely part ways for long, and that corrections not associated with recession have been much shorter in duration. Since 1950, the U.S. stock market has seen 29 discrete declines of 10 percent or more, but only 10 recessions, Wieting notes.
 

Bata to open more stores this yearUpdated: November 5, 2014 18:54 IST
Bata to open more stores this year
Special Correspondent
retail
The net profit of Bata India Ltd rose by a modest 3.8 per cent during the second quarter of the current fiscal rising to RS 39.01 crores from Rs 37.59 crores a year ago. This came on the back of a 13.1 per cent increase in net income which stood at Rs 547.65 crores.
Group Managing Director Bata Emerging Markets, Bata India Ltd., Rajeev Gopalakrishnan said, "The quarterly performamce reflected the company’s focus on quality sales and growth.” He said that the company had aggressive growth plans on new format stores.
He said that Bata India will be opening over 100 new stores this year and stocking them with new and contemporary designs for men, women and children. With over 1400 Bata Shoe stores, BIL is India’s largest footwear retailer with a presence in over 500 cities.
The company also said that its Board has decided to extend the financial year by three months upto March 2015.

Telangana presents its maiden budgetUpdated: November 5, 2014 19:12 IST
Telangana presents its maiden budget
Special Correspondent
The Hindu View of the Telangana Assembly. Photo: Nagara Gopal
TOPICS
state budget and tax
Finance Minister Eatala Rajender has put the revenue surplus at Rs. 3.02 crore.
Telangana Finance Minister Eatala Rajender presented the maiden budget, his first too, of the new born State in the Assembly on Wednesday with an outlay of Rs. 1,00,637 cr including Rs. 48,648 crore plan and non-plan outlay of Rs 51,989 crore.
Introducing the budget for 10 months of the current fiscal amid protests by the Opposition Congress and TDP MLAs, the minister said their government's priority was to rebuild the State which was indiscriminately exploited and devastated by the combined Andhra Pradesh rulers.
Acknowledging the role of martyrs in achieving statehood to Telangana, the minister said they had allocated Rs. 100 crore for financial assistance of Rs. 10 lakh per martyr's family. In all, the government had identified 459 of them so far.
Mr. Rajender said an allocation of Rs. 6,500 crore was made for irrigation with the priority to complete four lift irrigation projects in Mahabubnagar district on war-footing and create irrigation potential of 2.97 lakh acres.
He put the revenue surplus at Rs. 3.02 crore.
Other important allocations are: restoration of tanks (Rs. 2,000 cr), SC Sub-Plan (Rs. 7,539 cr), ST Sub-Plan (Rs. 4,559 cr) and drinking water grid (Rs 2,000 cr).

Reliance considering divestment of Eagle Ford Shale in USNew Delhi, November 5, 2014
Updated: November 5, 2014 19:22 IST
Reliance considering divestment of Eagle Ford Shale in US
IANS
stock activity
New York Stock Exchange-listed Pioneer Natural Resources Co on Wednesday announced it is seeking to sell its 50.1 percent stake in Eagle Ford Shale Midstream (“EFS Midstream”) joint venture with the Mukesh Ambani led Reliance Industries (RIL).
RIL has agreed to consider the divestment of its shareholding Eagle Ford Shale midstream joint venture with partner Pioneer Natural Resources Co, sources familiar with the developments said. RIL’s current investment in EFS Midstream LLC is $208 million.
RIL owns a 49.9 percent stake in EFS Midstream LLC acquired in June 2010, while Pioneer is the operator with a 50.1 percent stake in the EFS system, which consists of 10 central gathering plants and 460 miles of pipelines.
The midstream business was set up in 2010 to construct facilities to handle condensate and natural gas from wells in the EFS system.
Pioneer will redeploy capital from the sale to its oil assets in West Texas, and has no plans to divest its upstream assets in the Eagle Ford Shale, it said in a statement.

Gold Futures Fall Over 2% on Global CuesYou are here: Home Industries
Gold Futures Plunge Over 2 Per Cent on Global Cues
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 05, 2014 20:24 (IST)
Government May Make PAN Must for Registering Charitable Trusts
New Delhi: Gold prices dropped by over 2 per cent to Rs 25,422 per 10 grams in futures trading on Wednesday as the precious metal tumbled to over four-year lows in global markets.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, the December contract of gold fell sharply by Rs 541, or 2.10 per cent, to Rs 25,422 per 10 grams in business turnover of 12,172 lots.
The far-month February contract plunged by Rs 524, or 2 per cent, to Rs 25,621 per 10 grams in 305 lots.
Analysts attributed the steep fall in gold prices to off-loading of positions by participants after the precious metal tumbled to lowest level since April 2010.
A stronger dollar cut demand and investors' holdings in bullion-backed funds dropped to a five-year low, they said.
Meanwhile, gold prices at spot markets here plunged by Rs 450 to close at over three-year low of Rs 25,900 per 10 grams.
Globally, gold fell almost 2 per cent to $1,143.76 an ounce in Singapore, the lowest price since April 2010.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 19:28 (IST)

Zydus Wellness Posts 8.3% Rise in Q2 NetYou are here: Home Corporates
Zydus Wellness Q2 Net Up 8.33 Per Cent at Rs 27.3 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 05, 2014 20:28 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Zydus Wellness on Wednesday reported an 8.33 per cent increase in its consolidated net profit at Rs 27.30 crore for the second quarter that ended on September 30, 2014
The company had posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 25.20 crore for the corresponding period last year, it said in a filing to the BSE.
Consolidated total income from operations during the quarter under consideration increased 5.46 per cent to Rs 103.03 crore as against Rs 97.69 crore in the year-ago period.
However, for the first half of 2014-15, consolidated net profit of the company reduced 7.44 per cent to Rs 44.35 crore from Rs 47.92 crore in the same period last year.
Consolidated total income from operations for the half year ended September 30, 2014 also declined marginally and stood at Rs 203.94 crore as against Rs 205.20 crore in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal year.
Brands of Zydus Wellness include Everyuth, Sugar Free, Nutralite and Actilife.
Shares in the company, on Wednesday, ended at Rs 616.45 apiece on the BSE, down 1.94 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 19:23 (IST)

Nation s First Soda Tax Passesreddit
Local ballot measures in California to create the nation’s first taxes on sugary drinks saw both victory and defeat Tuesday when a bill won in Berkeley and lost in neighboring San Francisco, The San Francisco Chronicle reported.
San Francisco’s Proposition E proposed placing a 2-cents-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened beverages, defined as drinks containing added sugar and 25 calories or more per 12 ounces. Because the bill required that the money raised by the tax be set aside for specific spending -- health, nutrition, physical education and active recreation programs through the San Francisco Unified School District, Department of Public Health and Recreation and Park Department -- it required a two-thirds vote to pass.
PBS NewsHour calculated that a can of soda , typically 99 cents, would cost San Francisco residents closer to $1.24, and a two-liter soda, priced around $3.99, would cost more than $5.
Proposition E exempts diet sodas, milk and alternative milks such as soy or almond, beverages that contain only natural fruit and vegetable juice, infant formula, meal replacements, supplemental nutrition products and weight reduction beverages, and syrups and powders sold for individuals to create their own sugary beverages.
Berkeley’s Measure D proposed imposing a 1-cent-per-ounce general tax on sugar-sweetened beverages and sweeteners used to flavor drinks. The measure did not dedicate funding to a specific cause and required only a majority of the vote.
Similarly, Berkeley’s proposal makes exemptions for diet drinks, milk products, 100 percent juice, baby formula, alcoholic drinks taken for medical reasons, and sugary drinks and sweeteners distributed to very small retailers.
The ballot measures instigated massive spending by Big Soda. The opposition, which TIME noted was almost entirely funded by the American Beverage Association , raised $9.1 million in San Francisco and $2.4 million in Berkeley, a hefty campaign price tag in a city of just 116,000 .
The bills’ supporters have argued that soda and other sugar-sweetened beverages are major contributors to the nation’s obesity epidemic and that taxing them will help address the health crisis. San Francisco’s city economist Ted Egan said the price hike would discourage people from buying sugary drinks and predicted residents would reduce their soda consumption by 31 percent .
Opposition to the bills argued that taxes are already high and that these measures unfairly target the beverage industry . The soda companies, Business Insider noted, have also touted recent decisions to remove all full-calorie sodas from schools as part of their pledge to to cut beverage calories consumed per person by 20 percent by 2025.
Also on HuffPost:

PM Modi reviews infra sectors; new aviation policy on anvilYou are here: Home > Collections > Infrastructure
Prime Minister Narendra Modi reviews infra sectors; new civil aviation policy on anvil
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 08.47PM IST
Tags:
civil aviation policy
(A new civil aviation policy…)
NEW DELHI: A new civil aviation policy is under preparation of the government, a high-level meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi was told today amid his thrust on inter-linking connectivity-related infrastructure sectors.
Reviewing work in connectivity-linked infrastructure sectors, he emphasised the need for faster inter-ministerial coordination and resolution of issues, and laid stress on achieving visible results in clear timeframes.
Modi directed strict monitoring of projects, based on monthly completion of targets.
He said he looked forward to a meeting with coastal states to discuss infrastructure, coastal security, island development and tourism in an integrated and holistic manner.
The review focussed on progress of work towards achievement of targets in the sectors of road, railways, shipping and civil aviation.
"The Prime Minister underlined that the development vision of various connectivity-related infrastructure sectors should be inter-related and closely coordinated," a PMO statement said.
With regard to the civil aviation sector, it was noted that a new policy is under preparation.
Modi said states should be made partners in working out and maintaining the viability of new international airports proposed to be set up within their territory.
Expressing satisfaction over the beginning of work at Pakyong Airport in Sikkim, it was noted that with the start of the second route for the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra and the thrust of Sikkim as an organic state, this airport would be able to cater to a huge demand for air services.
The meeting was also told that 20 projects in 10 sectors have been identified for FDI following the decision to allow 100 per cent foreign investment in the railways.
The railways have also designed and fabricated a new wagon specifically for transport of salt, which will lead to a 40 per cent increase in the carrying capacity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bihar CM Jitan Ram Manjhi appoints son-in-law as Personal AssistantBihar
(Bihar CM Manjhi has appointed…)
PATNA: In a controversial action, Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi has appointed his son-in-law as his Personal Assistant (PA) allegedly violating a rule and another kin as personal staff.
As per a notification of the state Cabinet Secretariat Department issued in June this year, Manjhi appointed his son-in-law Devendra Kumar as his Personal Assistant.
Another Manjhi kin Satyendra Kumar has been appointed as peon.
The appointments of close relatives violate a state Cabinet Secretariat Department order of May 23, 2000 which prohibits ministers to appoint a relative as Personal Assistant.
It says if such appointments have been made it should be quashed immediately, the notification bearing signature of the then Secretary in the Cabinet Secretariat Girish Shankar says.
When a question was put to the Chief Minister, he tried to play it down.
"Is tarah ke aarop lagte rahte hai. Yah koi issue nahin hai (such allegations are levelled from time to time. This is no issue)," Manjhi told reporters emerging from state Cabinet meeting.
When mediapersons told him that appointments of relatives violates a 2000 order of the government, he said "I will see it".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Soundclouds Warner deal30
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Colgate-Palmolive Q2 net profit rises 18.31 per centColgate-Palmolive Q2 net profit rises 18.31 per cent
US Treasury to trim auction sizes of 2 and 3-year notes over next quarterUS Treasury to trim auction sizes of 2 and 3-year notes over next quarter
Rajoy must go for good of SpainNovember 5, 2014 5:39 pm
Rajoy must go if Spain is to confront the threats it faces
Luis Garicano
Solving the political problems is impossible while the prime minister remains, says Luis Garicano
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2362e6a-64e5-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

World getting older  address health needs of elders:StudyPrint
Written by Anuradha Mascarenhas | Pune | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:05 am
People are living longer worldwide, a trend that calls for addressing the burden of disease that comes with it, according to a new series on health and ageing being published in The Lancet Thursday.
With life expectancy at age 60 increasing all over the world (see graphs), the number of these elders, now 841 million, will cross 2 billion by 2050, the study notes. Along the way, by 2020, they will overtake the population of children under five for the first time ever. And 80 per cent of the elders will be living in low-income and middle-income countries, the study says.
The increase in life expectancy, especially in high-income countries, has been largely due to the decline in deaths from cardiovascular disease (stroke and ischaemic heart disease), mainly because of simple strategies to reduce tobacco use and high blood pressure, and improved coverage of health interventions.
But, the growing burden of chronic disease will greatly affect quality of life, the study warns, calling for health systems to find effective strategies. Nearly a quarter (23%) of the overall global burden of death and illness is in people aged over 60, and much of this is attributable to long-term illness. For instance, estimates indicate the number of people with dementia will rise from 44 million now to 135 million by 2050.
“Cross-national surveys are beginning to provide the evidence for policy, but much more remains to be done,” said Dr Somnath Chatterji, one of the co-leaders of The Lancet series and who is with WHO’s department of health statistics and informatics.
Speaking to The Indian Express from Geneva, Chatterji said, “India’s health system will have to be geared for older adults. We are tracking 10,000 people in India as part of the global survey and there are trends that older adults who are lonely are more prone to blood pressure and other problems.”
The series says the responsibility for improving quality of life for older people goes beyond the health sector. It recommends simple things like encouraging older adults to remain part of the workforce and and training health-care staff in the management of multiple chronic conditions.

U.S. services sector slows; private payrolls increaseU.S. services sector slows; private payrolls increase
New airlines may soon be allowed to fly internationalNew airlines may soon be allowed to fly international
Lowe s Swarmed By Bee Activists Over Pesticideslowe s swarmed by bee activists over pesticides
Nifty Likely to Touch 10 700 by December 2015: JM FinancialYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Nifty Likely to Touch 10,700 by December 2015: JM Financial
Published On:                  November  3, 2014                 | Duration: 21 min, 11 sec
Tweet
Gautam Shah, senior vice president and technical analysts at JM Financial, says long term investors can even invest at these levels as it expects 20 to 25 per cent upside in Nifty in one year from current levels. Auto and private banks are going to outperform in the current rally, he added.

Fuel Price Cuts to Save Over Rs 300 Crore: SpiceJetYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Fuel Price Cuts to Save Over Rs 300 Crore: SpiceJet
Published On:                  November  3, 2014                 | Duration: 5 min, 50 sec

Auto Sales May Pick Up in Q4: Prayesh JainYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Auto Sales May Pick Up in Q4: Prayesh Jain
Published On:                  November  3, 2014                 | Duration: 6 min, 09 sec

Prefer GAIL Among Oil and Gas Stocks: Prabhudas LilladherYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Prefer GAIL Among Oil and Gas Stocks: Prabhudas Lilladher
Published On:                  November  3, 2014                 | Duration: 9 min, 24 sec

Cycling made simplerMeet Denny, the bike for people who don’t ride bikes
David K Gibson
About the author
A recovering magazine editor who learned to drive on a Massey-Ferguson , David traversed North America on a Suzuki GS550 motorbike, and once executed two-and-one-half barrel rolls in a 1985 Jeep CJ5. He is an anthologised humour writer, a food and travel journalist, and the President of Dystacorp Light Industries. He likes satellite radio, but misses roadmaps.
How close is the BMW 4 Series to the Concept 4?
HIDE CAPTION
If you want to change the face of transportation, you’re not going to do it by giving bikers better bikes; you have to turn more people into bikers. To that end, Seattle-based design company Teague has created the Denny.
Related
Your e-rickshaw has arrived
Denny is a bike that aims to eliminate (or at least lessen) the hassles of biking. Hills are conquered with an electric assist, and greasy chain-and-derailleur setups are replaced with a belt drive and an automatic shifter. The front basket — a must for urban commuters – isn’t a basket at all, but a parcel shelf cantilevered over the front wheel, making steering stable with loads up to 50 pounds. Lights? Integrated and sensor-activated. Turn signals? Activated with the flick of a finger. Even the hassle of bike locks disappears, thanks to an ingenious handlebar that doubles as a beefy bar lock. And yes, this bike can even charge your phone as you pedal.
Denny is the winner of the Bike Design Contest, held annually by the nonprofit Oregon Manifest with the goal of creating a bike that encourages non-riders to consider biking as transport. Five design teams from five cities participate, the winner is decided by popular vote, and the bike goes into production. Bike manufacturer Fuji will be the company putting the Denny on the road, making at least 100 units as part of its agreement with Oregon Manifest.
Teague is a firm with 70 years in transportation design, much of it in commercial aviation – but they’ve never built a bike. That outsider’s perspective may have been what makes the bike so special. “Denny is unique in that it is a culmination of fresh solutions from a design team that doesn’t come straight from the bike industry,” says Mark Vanek, project manager at Fuji. “A great deal of the design elements come purely from the viewpoint of the end user and how they would want a modern urban bike to work.”
(Sizemore Bicycle)
But the issue with production is always compromise. Vanek estimates that the Taylor Sizemore-built prototype, with its “extensive CNC and 3D-printed frame joints, ultra-light lithium batteries, dedicated neopixel LED lighting and some creatively-programmed shifting electronics” easily surpasses the $10,000 mark. And that pricing is not going to convert non-bikers into bikers.
Teague creative director Roger Jackson is aware of the realities of converting a dream into a product; he is working with Fuji to see that the end result fulfills the bike’s mission. “Fuji has received a great response to the bike so the plan is definitely to produce a model as close to the fully loaded prototype as possible,” he says. “In our early discussions with Fuji we’ve discussed the possibility of two production models, one with the e-assist and one without, because not everyone will need that assist and that bike has a lot to offer beyond that.”
That makes sense to Vanek: “The goal is to offer customers the core features of the bike, with unique lighting, security, and cargo-carrying solutions. With this we hope to have an opening price as close to $1,000 as possible. A higher-spec version would provide additional drivetrain and usage innovations at a higher cost.”
Nothing is assured, but the response from the public makes Teague’s Jackson optimistic for the Denny that will launch in 2015. Fuji, says Vanek, is optimistic as well: “We certainly feel that this will become an integral member of our transportation line.”
While the number of Dennys in the bike lanes will be one measure of success, it’s the number of new bikers riding them that will make the biggest difference.
(Sizemore Bicycle)
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

No long-term capital gains tax levied on balancedfundsMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
For short-term capital gains on selling equity mutual fund units, do I have to pay tax at the time of submitting the income tax return, or will the fund house deduct the tax and deposit the money with the IT department?     —Suraj Seth
For resident Indians making short- term gains on selling equity mutual funds, tax has to be paid by the investor. The fund house does not deduct the tax and deposit it with the income tax department.
How is the net asset value (NAV) for gold exchange-traded funds (ETFs) calculated? Is it done based on international gold price? Is the entire investment amount put in gold by the fund house?     —Ajay Mishra
The NAV of gold ETFs is based on Indian gold price. In gold ETFs, most of the amount is invested in physical gold. Some fund houses also have an option to invest part of the amount in gold deposit schemes.
If I invest in global funds operating in India, will transferring money from my non-resident (NRI) account in State Bank of
India, Bangalore, be considered illegal? In fact, I want to give the bank an auto transfer option to move the money to the fund house every month.     —Ashok Kumar
You can invest in global funds operating in India through your NRI account. You can also do a systematic investment plan (SIP) into these funds via an auto transfer option to the bank to move the money to the fund house.
How frequently should one look at switching funds if the markets are in a volatile phase?     —Gaurav Singh
For handsome returns from equities, it is important to have a long-term investment horizon.
Rather than trying to switch funds to take advantage of short-term volatility, you should invest in good mutual funds for a long period of time.
In a balanced fund, do I get any tax benefits such as those from an equity-linked savings scheme (ELSS). Also, will short- and long-term capital gains be applicable as part of the money is invested in debt?    —Pramod Rao
Unlike ELSS, balanced funds do not give any tax benefits under Section 80C. However, since they maintain an allocation of more than 65% in equities, they are taxed as equity mutual funds. So, there is no long-term capital gains tax on these funds.  Investors have to pay a short-term capital gains tax at 15%, just as in equity mutual funds.
What is the annual limit for cash transactions to buy mutual fund units? Are there any KYC norms even for cash payments?    —Gautam Gupta
Cash transactions of R50,000 per investor per financial year per mutual fund are permitted as per Sebi guidelines. While PAN may not be necessary for cash investments, fund houses require the investor to specify the bank account into which redemption and dividend proceeds are to be credited.
For a child plan, can I invest R2,000 every month for at least 20 years? What kind of returns can I expect? Also, are there any debt mutual fund products with a 20-year horizon?    —Sanjiv Singh
There are no specific debt funds with a 20-year horizon, though you can invest in any open-ended debt fund and remain invested for the next 20 years. You can also employ the very handy option of monthly investments in child plans through the SIP route.
By Niranjan Risbood
The writer is director, manager research, Morningstar India
Send your queries at fepersonalfinance@expressindia.com
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Investing Set aside your emotions and itselementaryMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Investing is both an art and a science. Science, because it’s a process and, art, because the personal preference of investment products determines how wealth creation takes shape. Both go hand-in-hand. And, if looked at more closely, investing wisely is elementary.
You decide the goal, time horizon, risk profile, liquidity and anticipated returns. Then, you look at investment products of different types and carry due diligence before investing.
So, why is that there is extreme euphoria and also extreme pessimism when returns in an asset class gyrate because of the economic environment and the actions undertaken. We live in an inter-linked and inter-connected world and the movement of investment happens in a jiffy.
Many a time, equity as an asset class displays extreme euphoria and extreme pessimism. Often, investors prefer secular income with minimum volatility. Which is why they have a substantial allocation of funds to fixed-income products, irrespective of liquidity needs and time horizon.
With equity markets in India at all-time highs, you hear specific stocks delivering multi-fold returns over multiple investing periods. Also, more specifically, top-quartile equity diversified mutual funds have delivered compounded return (CAGR) in the range of 15-20%. So, a 20% CAGR return over 20 years on an investment of R1 lakh is around R38.50 lakh now. It means a 38.5 times return.
But the question is, how many investors had the patience to stay invested over 20 years? Today, we look at corporate results every quarters. Few investors have stayed invested for over 80 quarters. In this period of 20 years, there were more than three scams, more than five cycles of euphoria and pessimism, multiple government changes and currency fluctuations.
Despite the odds, investors still made returns in excess of 38 times in a particular scheme of an equity mutual fund investment.
In direct equity, there are stocks, which have delivered returns ranging from 4x-30x in the last decade. A 15% CAGR growth in share price over the last 10 years means a four times return on the original investment. Little over 40% CAGR growth in share price over the last 10 years means a 30 times return on the original investment.
While 40% CAGR growth stories are rare, 15% CAGR growth has been delivered by handful well-known large companies listed in the bourses. How many of us have been able to see this wealth creation in the portfolio? Not a majority, of course.
Why is it that the retail investors miss out on these opportunities? The answer lies in the process and our behavioural biases. Recency bias, which means that events of the recent past get accentuated while forming and executing decisions, is one factor. In such a scenario, the asset class that has delivered the maximum at a specific point gets more traction investment.
Investment decisions are made in real time and do ensure allocation to equity. One can start even with small investment of R1,000 a month. Track the investments at a frequency of every quarter or half yearly. Build an equity corpus — either in direct stocks or through mutual funds — which you will not need for over five years. Do not expect the portfolio to deliver 3x return in three years.
The investment process is basic and elementary and what creates wealth is your emotional quotient (EQ). Do the due diligence before investing and trust the investment as well as the investment process. Do course correction, if the premise and data points on which you invested have changed. If not, then stay put and you will be able to generate multi-fold returns.
By Brijesh Damodaran
The writer is managing partner, BellWether Advisors LLP
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Europe shifts on priorities for telecommunication companiesEurope shifts on priorities for telecommunication companies
By: New York Times |        London |  November 4, 2014 5:08 pm
Summary
Poor cellphone and Internet service is a fact of life in many parts of Europe. Less than a quarter of Europeans can connect to high-speed cellphone networks, compared with about 90%of Americans. And broadband connections are often painstakingly sluggish. But the prices here for these services are among the lowest in the world. Europeans spend […]
Other Articles
Market Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Poor cellphone and Internet service is a fact of life in many parts of Europe.
Less than a quarter of Europeans can connect to high-speed cellphone networks, compared with about 90%of Americans. And broadband connections are often painstakingly sluggish.
But the prices here for these services are among the lowest in the world. Europeans spend an average of $38 for a monthly cellphone contract, about half of what Americans pay on average, according to the Groupe Speciale Mobile Association, an industry group.
Now, though, the region’s top policy makers are set to change that, giving investment and costlier services higher priorities than affordability and antitrust worries.
The details of their plans are expected take shape now that a new European Commission, the executive arm of the European Union, began its five-year term on Saturday. An outline is already forming, accompanied by a frenzy of deal making.
The commission’s new digital chiefs recently expressed support for plans that would loosen the region’s strict rules on telecom mergers.
Several national politicians, including Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, are also willing to see bigger telecom operators — many of which are former state monopolies — pick off smaller, less-profitable rivals.
“We need to create a less fragmented market and incentivize private companies to make the necessary investments,” Andrus Ansip, Europe’s new vice president for the digital single market, told European lawmakers last month.
Those changes would be a major victory for the large telecommunications companies in Europe, which have long argued that the industry should be focused around larger players that can recoup investments when upgrading mobile and fixed-line networks.
European companies have announced $85 billion in deals so far this year, more than double the amount announced in all of 2012, according to the media and data company Thomson Reuters.
Some carriers have looked to buy rivals in some of the region’s biggest countries. That includes Telefónica, a Spanish carrier, which acquired its German competitor E-Plus for $10.7 billion. Others have added services to existing businesses, like Orange, the former French telecom monopoly, which has offered to buy the Spanish cable operator Jazztel for $4.3 billion to expand its high-speed broadband network.
And European telecom giants like Vodafone of Britain, which pocketed $130 billion this year in selling its 45 percent stake in Verizon Wireless, have unveiled multibillion-dollar investment plans to improve cellphone and broadband coverage.
“If you want to attract investors, you need to ensure returns on investments,” said Gervais  Pellissier, deputy chief executive at Orange. “Things have started to change in that direction.”
Consumer groups, though, have warned that greater consolidation will increase cellphone and broadband prices. As the carriers become larger and increasingly sign exclusive deals with the likes of Netflix and Spotify, the groups say, the carriers will also gain greater control over what content people can obtain on their mobile devices.
“Concentration in the telecom market gives space for business models that limit online freedom,” said Jérémie Zimmermann, co-founder of La Quadrature de Net, a consumer advocacy group based in Paris.
Consumer pressure has led to several laws aimed at making it easier to send text messages, make calls and surf the web across Europe. Local policy makers are phasing out the costly roaming charges that are common for people using their cellphones in other European countries. And lawmakers recently passed legislation that forbids companies from charging extra for improved access to their high-speed networks.
The steps have taken a toll on Europe’s carriers, which reported a collective 7 percent drop in revenue last year, to $208 billion, compared with a combined 3% increase for American companies.
TAGS: Europe Cell Phone Service Europe Internet Service Telefonica
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Govt  biz leaders to attend India GlobalForumMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Senior Japanese government representatives will be the star speakers, along with senior ministers from India and several G-20 countries, at the India Global Forum 2014, jointly hosted by the International Institute of Strategic Studies (IISS) and Observer Research Foundation (ORF) in New Delhi on November 9 and 10. The theme for this year’s forum is ‘India 2014: New Opportunities for a New Government’.
The organisers said the forum would give the Narendra Modi government an opportunity to communicate its economic, foreign and defence policies to an elite global and Indian audience.
Finance and defence minister Arun Jaitley will deliver the keynote address.
The forum will be addressed by prominent government and business leaders and intellectuals from India and countries including the US, Japan, China, the UK, Brazil, Germany, Indonesia, Singapore, Sweden, Bahrain, Turkey and UAE.
Government leaders from India participating in the summit include commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman and PM Narendra Modi’s G-20 ‘sherpa’ Suresh Prabhu. Japan will be represented by senior vice-minister in PM Shinzo Abe’s office (Japan) Yasutoshi Nishimura and Tadashi Maeda of the Japan Bank for International Cooperation.
“India Global Forum will focus on India’s strategy for economic revival, its view of multilateral economic institutions and multilateral economic negotiations, the challenge of energy and cyber security, regional security and business opportunities being provided by India’s new defence manufacturing policy,” said  Sanjaya Baru, director for geo-economics and strategy, IISS.
A special feature of the forum will be a session devoted to ‘The Soft Power of Indian Enterprise’, featuring business leaders Mukesh Ambani and Sunil Mittal.
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Vasan quits Congress after 14 years  to float new party in TamilNaduMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
In a major blow to the Congress in Tamil Nadu, senior leader GK Vasan on Monday quit the party and announced his decision to float a new outfit to bring back the “Kamaraj rule” in the state.
Criticising those entrusted with the affairs of Congress in Tamil Nadu, Vasan said at a press conference here that the approach of AICC in the state was not satisfactory in achieving its goal which prompted him and his supporters to resign from the party.
“To achieve the goal in Tamil Nadu, there should be a different direction. We are having a new path, we feel it will be a victory path,” the former Union minister said.
“We are starting a new party. The name of the new party and its symbol would be announced at a rally to be held in Tiruchi shortly,” he said.
Vasan announced that he would bring back the ‘Kamaraj rule’ in Tamil Nadu. Former Tamil Nadu unit Congress president BS Gnanadesikan, who resigned the party post last week, was also present with Vasan.
The decision by Vasan to split from Congress brings an end to his 14-year-long association with the party following the merger of Tamil Manila Congress floated by his father GK Moopanar.
Vasan’s move has a parallel to what his father Moopanar did some 17 years ago. Unhappy over the Congress decision to forge an electoral truck with AIADMK, Moopanar, a veteran and influential leader of Congress, came out of the party and floated the Tamil Manila Congress (TMC) in 1996. However, after his death, TMC merged with Congress in 2002.
Meanwhile, responding to Vasan’s decision, Congress spokesperson Ajoy Kumar announced his expulsion from the party. Kumar said the party took the decision on the basis of inappropriate comments he (Vasan) made about it and the leadership.
Vasan’s decision to quit Congress comes a day after newly-appointed state unit president E V K S Elangovan took charge.
Vasan, however, did not refer to Mukul Wasnik, in-charge of Tamil Nadu, and former Union minister P Chidambaram, with whom he had differences on party affairs.
“We want to lead, be the number one regional party and an alternative political party to Tamil Nadu people and we feel we can fulfil the vision of late Kamaraj. We are going in the right direction,” he said, highlighting the principles of the new party.
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Donations: How to give your cake and eat ittooMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Donations to some institutions qualify for tax rebate under the the Income-Tax Act, 1961. Such benefits can be availed of by an individual, a company, an Association of Persons (AoP) or even an NRI. Here we take a look at some donations that qualify for rebate.
Donation to certain funds, charitable institutions: First of all, you need to ensure that you have donated to an appropriate charitable institution, that is, one approved under Section 80G of the Act. Typically, such institutions display their 80G-status prominently on their websites.
The Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund, approved universities/education institutions, any notified temple, mosque, etc., are some of the institutions/ trusts prescribed under Section 80G. The amount of deduction will be either 100% or 50% (which could be further restricted to 10% of the gross taxable income before deducting donation) of the qualifying amount of the donation, depending on the fund/institution to which donation is made.
However, no deduction can be claimed in respect of donation of an amount exceeding R10,000 unless such sum is paid by any mode other than cash.
Donation for scientific research or rural development: Donations to registered/approved institutions catering to scientific research and rural development are eligible for deduction under Section 80GGA. These mainly include approved associations/institutions having object of undertaking scientific research, including research in social science or statistical research or eradication of poverty, rural development, etc. Note that this deduction is not available to any person having income from business or profession. Also, no deduction is allowed under this Section in respect of donation of any amount exceeding R10,000 unless such a sum is paid by any mode other than cash.
If the approval granted to any institution(s) prescribed therein, stands withdrawn subsequent to the donation made, the person making donation will not be debarred from claiming tax benefit under Section 80GGA.
Contribution to political parties or electoral trusts: Making contribution to a political party or electoral trust can also reduce your tax liability under the provisions of Section 80GGB or Section 80GGC. Whereas Section 80GGB gives tax benefit only to an Indian company, Section 80GGC is applicable to any person (including a company), except local authority and every artificial judicial person wholly or partly funded by the government.
Further, such a political party or trust must be registered under Representation of the People Act, 1951. There is no specific mode of making such contribution. However, cash contribution made on or after April 1, 2014, would not qualify for deduction under Sections 80GGB and 80GGC of the Act. It is relevant to note that donations in kind are not eligible for deductions.
The receipt must include details like name and address of the trust, name of the donor, amount donated mentioned in words and figures, registration number of the trust as given by the income-tax department under Section 80G, along with its validity period.
By Rakesh Nangia
The writer is managing partner, Nangia & Co. With inputs from Neha Malhotra, Nangia & Co.
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Cairn India CEO to Get $1.15 Million SalaryYou are here: Home Corporates
Cairn India CEO Mayank Ashar to Get $1.15 Million Salary
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 04, 2014 16:12 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi:
Cairn India will pay Mayank Ashar, its first full-time CEO in two years, a salary of $1.15 million plus perquisites and allowances.
Cairn will pay Ashar a base salary of $1 million per annum plus $1.5 lakh in a special allowance/Foreign Service premium.
On top of this, he will also be entitled to other benefits, perquisites and allowances like housing, car, insurance etc, the company said in a notice to shareholders.
Besides retirement benefits and bonus of a maximum of 200 per cent of basic salary, Cairn will pay Ashar a one-time joining bonus of $1.5 lakh.
Cairn has been without a full-time CEO since its long-standing head Rahul Dhir quit in August 2012. The Vedanta Group-controlled firm first appointed P Elango as interim CEO and after he resigned in May, Sudhir Mathur, the Chief Financial Officer, was given additional charge as interim CEO.
Dhir had in 2011-12, his last full year as CEO, drawn a total salary of Rs 14.25 crore. This comprised of Rs 4.95 crore in basic salary, Rs 5.7 crore in perquisites, Rs 3.09 crore in bonus and Rs 4.22 crore in retirement benefits, says the company's annual report.
Ashar, 59, will take over as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the company with effect from November 17, 2014 for a period of five years, Cairn said in the notice through which it sought shareholders' nod for the appointment.
"He has over 36 years of rich and exhaustive experience in international oil and gas industry through various senior management and top leadership roles in leading global companies such as British Petroleum, Petro-Canada and Suncor Energy. Ashar brings a rare mix of driving corporate strategy and on-ground execution," Cairn said in the notice.
He also served as the Chief Executive Officer & President at Irving Oil Limited. He holds a Bachelors of Art & Science in Chemical Engineering, a BA in Philosophy and Economics, a Masters of Engineering and an MBA from the University of Toronto.
With Elango's resignation, the entire senior team of Cairn Energy, the former parent of Cairn India, had exited since Vedanta Resources Plc took control in 2010.
Elango was the second senior executive that Vedanta lost across its Indian businesses this year. P K Mukherjee, the Executive Director of Sesa Sterlite Ltd's iron ore business, resigned on March 28.
Cairn said the appointment of Ashar is subject to the approval of central government as he is a non-resident and has not been staying in India for a continuous period of 12 months immediately preceding the date of his appointment as provided under Part I of Schedule V to the Companies Act.
"Other than the residential status, his appointment meets all the requirements under the Companies Act," it added.
Story first published on: November 04, 2014 16:08 (IST)

Odisha chit fund scam: BJD MP  two ex-MLAs heldPrint
Bhubaneswar, Nov 4 (IANS) The CBI Tuesday arrested Mayurbhanj's BJD MP Ramchandra Hansdah and two ex-MLAs for their alleged link with the Nabadiganta Capital Financial Services, a chit fund company in Odisha.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) arrested former MLAs -- Subarna Naik of the Biju Janata Dal (BJD) and Hitesh Bagartti of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) -- after they were interrogated for three hours Tuesday.
The three political leaders were interrogated for the third time in the past 12 days for their alleged complicity with the chit fund firm.
"Ramchandra Hansdah (BJD MP), Hitesh Kumar Bagartti (ex-MLA, BJP) and Subarna Naik (ex-MLA, BJD) have been arrested by CBI SIT in connection with the Nabadiganta group case in the Odisha chit fund cases on allegations of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds," said a statement of CBI PRO Cell, New Delhi.
CBI sources said the leaders, who were directors in the company, could not produce documents to substantiate their stand on not cheating depositors.
Hansdah and the other two leaders had deposed before the investigating agency Oct 26 for the last time and were grilled for four hours.
CBI had earlier raided houses of the three leaders and found some documents.
It had also recovered Rs.28 lakh from Hansdah's Rairangpur residence during a raid in July.
Hansdah had initially claimed that it was his own money. Later, he changed his stand saying the money belonged to his supporters. Tuesday, he said the money is from the BJD, a claim the party leaders denied to buy.
Managing director of the company Anjan Kumar Baliarsingh and two directors -- Kartikeya Parida and Pradeep Patnaik -- were arrested Oct 26. They are in jail after a special CBI court rejected their bail plea Nov 1.
The CBI has also arrested BJD MLA Pravat Tripathy for his alleged link with Artha Tatwa Group, another chit fund company in the state.
Meanwhile, the BJD has distanced itself from the arrests.
BJD spokesperson Rabinarayan Nanda said: "The party is no way to be blamed for the involvement of party leaders in the scam. That is their personal matter. We hope the CBI will take action as per law. It will never tarnish the image of BJD."
BJP leader Prithviraj Harichandan also echoed the same view and said the party had denied ticket to Bagartti during the 2014 Lok Sabha and assembly elections after coming to know of his involvement in the scam.
Recommend

Entity registered as broker cannot act as merchantbankerMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
An entity registered only as a stock broker cannot undertake the role of a merchant banker in the capital markets, regulator Sebi has said.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has stated this position in reply to an ‘interpretive letter’ sought by Almondz Global Securities Limited (AGSL), who had asked whether it, as a stock broker, can handle any issue of debt securities offered on a private placement basis.
In case of AGSL, Sebi further said that although it was registered as a merchant banker too, it was barred by Sebi in March 2014 from taking up fresh assignments as a merchant banker for a period of five years.
In March this year, Sebi had prohibited AGSL from taking up new assignment or involvement in any new issue like an IPO, follow on issue etc from the securities market for five years in the matter of PG Electroplast Limited.
Later in April this year, Sebi also suspended AGSL (as a merchant banker) for six months in the matter of Bhartiya Global Infomedia Limited.
According to Sebi, in the present case, the activities specified by AGSL are in the nature of activities carried out by a merchant banker, therefore AGSL (stock broker) cannot perform such activities.
TAGS: Merchant Banker Sebi Stock Broker
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Sugar consumption to cross 29K tonne in 5 yrs:StudyGold futures price falls on global cues
Sugar consumption in India is likely to cross 29,000 tonnes in about 5 years on account of growing urbanisation and changing food habits, says a study.
“With a share of over 15 per cent in global sugar consumption of about 1,68,734 tonnes, India has emerged as the biggest consumer of sugar in the world,” industry chamber Assocham said its study.
The country’s sugar consumption is growing at a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of about 2 per cent and is likely to reach 29,353 tonnes by 2019-20 from the current level of about 26,000 tonnes, it said.
The increase in sugar consumption is happening on account of growing urbanisation and higher use in food processing sector, it said.
The study has suggested that there is a need to increase the area under cane as well as productivity through higher yields.
TAGS: Global Sugar Consumption Sugar Consumption Sugar Consumption India
More from commodities

Small and fuel-efficient car sales slump with low fuel prices4
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, which began trading Oct. 13 on the New York Stock Exchange, is projected to lead the way with a 20 percent increase, trailed by Nissan at 11 percent, Honda at 7.7 percent and Toyota at 6.4 percent, the averages of analyst estimates. Ford deliveries may slip 4.2 percent, and General Motors may gain 2.9 percent, according to the survey.
While cheap gasoline isn't the only force motivating people to buy SUVs, it can help close a deal, said Kevin Tynan, senior automobiles analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence.
"Incentives play a larger part, and as a sweetener the salesman can say, 'This SUV gets 25 to 30 miles per gallon,'" he said in an interview.
These days, the broader U.S. vehicle fleet is historically fuel-efficient, setting new miles-per-gallon records and emission lows. Driven in part by technology advances, new 2013 models achieved an all-time high average of 24.1 miles per gallon , Tynan wrote in a note. Fleetwide carbon-dioxide emissions were 369 grams a mile, down 7 grams from 2012.
The shift to SUVs from small cars isn't having the devastating effect on American automakers that it did in the last decade, when demand for trucks and SUVs eventually collapsed, robbing the predecessors of GM and Chrysler Group of their most profitable sales and putting them on the road to bankruptcy in 2009.
Now automakers are building SUVs and small cars under the same roof and can just switch the mix of models on the assembly line, LMC's Schuster said.
"A lot of plants are flexible now," Schuster said.
Automakers will be less likely to dump small cars into low- profit rental car fleets, as they did a decade ago when factories were less flexible and labor contracts more rigid, Schuster said.
"You could see a little bit of balancing with fleet activity, but I don't expect it to be abused," he said.
GM reported third-quarter profit that beat estimates in part because North American customers flocked to pickups and sport-utility vehicles. The largest U.S. automaker's operating profit rose 12 percent to $2.45 billion, driven by a 53 percent rise in domestic sales this year through September for the luxury Cadillac Escalade SUV and a 5.9 percent gain in Chevy Silverado pickup deliveries.
Toyota deliveries in the U.S. increased 5.7 percent through September, paced by a 26 percent surge in sales of its RAV4 sport-utility vehicle.
 
Copyright © 2014, Chicago Tribune
Related Content

Do hybrid cars save moneyDo hybrid cars save money?
Caption Volkswagen Touareg Hybrid
With a base price of $60,565 and a combined 21 mpg, the Touareg hybrid is not as efficient as the diesel variant, which gets 23 mpg and starts at $15,000 less.
With a base price of $60,565 and a combined 21 mpg, the Touareg hybrid is not as efficient as the diesel variant, which gets 23 mpg and starts at $15,000 less.
Caption 2013 Volkswagen Jetta Hybrid
Volkswagen of America
Like the TDI, the 2013 Volkswagen Jetta Hybrid has the miltlink independent rear suspension from the sporty GLI instead of the torsion bar geoemetry from run-of-the mill Jettas. Read the review >>>
Like the TDI, the 2013 Volkswagen Jetta Hybrid has the miltlink independent rear suspension from the sporty GLI instead of the torsion bar geoemetry from run-of-the mill Jettas. Read the review >>> (Volkswagen of America)
Caption Subaru XV Crosstrek Hybrid
Subaru USA photo
Subaru's first hybrid vehicle is based on the XV Crosstrek crossover. A 2-liter, four-cylinder engine mates with a 13.4-horsepower electric motor and continuously variable automatic transmission.
Subaru's first hybrid vehicle is based on the XV Crosstrek crossover. A 2-liter, four-cylinder engine mates with a 13.4-horsepower electric motor and continuously variable automatic transmission. (Subaru USA photo)
Caption Porsche Panamera Hybrid
Porsche
The hybrid was only available for 2012 and 2013. For 2014, Porsche switched to a plug-in hybrid option for the Panamera. All told, the S Hybrid makes a compelling case to skip the Panamera S entirely and trade 20 horsepower for 59 additional pound-feet of torque and gas mileage in the...
The hybrid was only available for 2012 and 2013. For 2014, Porsche switched to a plug-in hybrid option for the Panamera. All told, the S Hybrid makes a compelling case to skip the Panamera S entirely and trade 20 horsepower for 59 additional pound-feet of torque and gas mileage in the... (Porsche)
See more galleries
Caption 2013 Lexus RX 450h
Price: $47,205 Gas mileage: 32/28; 30 If you want a hybrid and a lush SUV, there are a few choices that serve that dual purpose well, but the Lexus RX 450h's efficiency-cost rating outperforms the rest. Even with all-wheel drive, the RX 450h outdoes the Volkswagen Touareg Hybrid and Porsche...
Price: $47,205 Gas mileage: 32/28; 30 If you want a hybrid and a lush SUV, there are a few choices that serve that dual purpose well, but the Lexus RX 450h's efficiency-cost rating outperforms the rest. Even with all-wheel drive, the RX 450h outdoes the Volkswagen Touareg Hybrid and Porsche...
Fuel-efficient Vehicles Hybrid Vehicles Vehicles SUVs and Crossovers Alternative Energy Kelley Blue Book LLC Automotive Equipment
There are some questions that mankind has puzzled over since the beginning of time: Why are we here? What happens after we die? Why do men have nipples? Is a hybrid car worth it?
That last question isn’t as old as the rest. Since Honda introduced the first mass-produced hybrid with the Insight in 1999, car owners have been gauging if the premium for a hybrid is greater than the fuel savings over time.
Much like fuel economy estimates, the real world answer varies.
“There’s no right answer,” says Bob Curry, President of the Hybrid Shop, a Washington, D.C- based company that specializes in aftermarket hybrid diagnostics, equipment and training.
It depends on how much you drive, how you drive and how long you own your car.
With hybrid hallmarks such as start/stop systems and regenerative braking systems being adopted by more automakers in non-hybrid vehicles, the hybridization of power trains is no mere trend.
The average fuel economy for cars sold gets better for each model year. 2014 models are no exception, as evidenced by the updated fuel economy guide released by the Environmental Protection Agency(EPA) and Department of Energy(DOE). ( Robert Duffer, Chicago Tribune )
There are 71 hybrid models (including plug-ins) in the North American market in 2014; there were 2 in 1999.
“By 2020, we expect most vehicles to be electric driven in some shape,” says Dr. Mark Quarto, a GM retiree who is now the Chief Technical Officer for Automotive Research & Design (ARD), a company that specializes in hybrid vehicle diagnostic equipment and training.
Consumer demand and government regulation has led to the most fuel-efficient cars in history. With an average transaction price of $32,000, new cars are the most expensive in history as well. But it’s offset by reduced operating expenses, especially in the case of hybrids.
The average premium for a hybrid is $4,647 more than gas-only counterparts, according to a late 2013 analysis done by Vincentric .  
The same study reported that five years of ownership at 15,000 miles in a hybrid car will result in an average fuel cost savings of $3,371. Therefore, the average hybrid premium doesn’t make sense for a dozen or so models, including inefficient and expensive hybrids such as the full-size SUV Chevrolet Tahoe or Cadillac Escalade, which is why GM discontinued them in model year 2013 .  
Some hybrids, such as the 2013 Lexus CT 200h can save nearly $6,500 compared to the Lexus IS 250 in reduced operating costs. The Lincoln MKZ hybrid saves nearly $5,000 over the gas counterpart because the sticker price is nearly the same.
Most hybrid models haven’t been around for five years.
As for the peerless earliest hybrid adopters, the Insight and the Prius save an average of about $1,000 over similar gas models, such as the discontinued Toyota Matrix.
“You’ll get more for your money the longer you continue to put miles on it,” says Phong Ly, CEO and founder of used car aggregator iSeeCars, which recently released a study of the longest-lasting hybrids .
One way around the higher hybrid premiums is to buy a used hybrid.
“The hybrid premium that exists when the vehicle is new narrows over time,” says Eric Ibara, Director of Residual Value Consulting at Kelley Blue Book. “But generally speaking it doesn’t go away.”
A 2005 Honda Civic Hybrid is $60 more than a 2005 Honda Civic, according to data from iSeeCars.com.
But how are these first or second generation hybrids holding up over time?
The hybrid premium narrows in part because of the unpredictability of the hybrid’s battery life.
0
“The battery pack is a living organism and is constantly working, so it’s always aging,” says Quarto of ARD.
The nickel metal hydride batteries that power most hybrid cars and all Toyota and Lexus vehicles experience a gradual loss of capacity, performance and fuel economy over time, from 50 mpg down to 42 mpg. That’s significant for hybrid savings over time and perhaps more importantly for vehicle operation.
“The consumer might not notice it until they’re in traffic and can’t make the same move they once did,” says Bob Curry of the Hybrid Shop, which is an affiliate of ARD.
Factors such as climate, excessive heat, driving habits and usage all contribute to battery life. Curry uses the example of a Toyota Prius taxi. The air inlet to cool the hybrid battery on a Prius is on the passenger side rear door. For a Prius owner, that door isn’t used that often. For a taxi, that door is used dozens of times a day, increasing the amount of lint and dirt that gets in the vent.
“The battery doesn’t get the air it needs,” he explains, leading to increased battery degradation. “Generally speaking, it’s safe to say that diminished battery power starts at about 80,000 miles.”
The solution is battery replacement, which can cost about $4,000 at the dealer. Curry’s company can replace modules in the battery for half the price.
You may never need it. The hybrid battery life is conditional, if not unpredictable.  
“A few years ago, the major concern was hybrid batteries wearing out,” says Eric Ibara, Director of Residual Value Consulting at Kelley Blue Book. “The concerns did not come to pass, for the Prius in particular.”
The Prius was introduced seven months after the Insight, which Honda discontinued this year . Toyota now makes about 70 percent of all hybrids on the road, according to Quarto.  
“It’s not uncommon for the Prius to go from 200,000 to 400,000,” without a battery change, says Quarto.
Yet the Prius ranks only fourth in hybrid longevity in the study of 20 million cars by iSeeCars. The Honda Civic Hybrid was first, with 5.4 percent of vehicles in its database listed at over 150,000 miles, averaging about 10 percent more miles per year than the average Prius. The Toyota Highlander and Ford Escape were next on the list of longest lasting hybrids.
The study doesn’t say if those hybrids with over 150,000 miles have had any work done, but it gives some sense of consistency over time, especially given the growth of the used hybrid market.  
The best way to test the health of a used hybrid system is to get a hybrid specialist to run diagnostics on the vehicle, which can cost between $300 and $500. That’s another cost to factor into the purchase price, but can be well worth it if there is no used hybrid premium as in the case of the 2005 Civic.
Despite the conditional calculations and varying performance of used hybrids, the biggest difference a driver can make to improve fuel economy and lower operating costs is wisdom that’s as old as the first engine: drive slower, drive smarter.  
More on hybrids:

Hyundai  Kia to pay $100 million over fuel economy suitHyundai, Kia to pay $100 million over fuel economy suit
Hyundai, Kia to pay $100 million over fuel economy suit
Hyundai and Kia agreed to pay $100 million Monday to settle a US government investigation into exaggerated fuel efficiency on 2012 and 2013 car models sold in the United States by the South Korean automakers.
Hyundai and Kia agreed to pay $100 million Monday to settle a US government investigation into exaggerated fuel efficiency on 2012 and 2013 car models sold in the United States by the South Korean automakers.

A Second Miracle on 34th Street Amazon Gets Physical  Just For Youreddit
Amazon's announcement of its first physical store opening on Manhattan's 34th Street is not a surprise to me, as it was predicted in the book I co-authored with Michael Dart, The New Rules of Retail--first published in 2010. The logic was the same then as it is now. Amazon has a "big data" base, guessed to be larger than the Pentagon's, and they know how to use it.  It provides them with razor-sharp knowledge such as what Jane Doe, who is married with two kids and a dog, living in the East Side of Manhattan (or anywhere), is eating for breakfast, what brand of jeans she wears, the charities she gives to, the music she likes, and so forth. Therefore, as Amazon rolls out its stores nationally, it can assort each location with precisely those items that are locally preferred. Yet, they will also have screens for downloading and selecting from Amazon's total inventory.
The personalized knowledge that Amazon continues to build on, and that all retailers are pursuing, is collected over time across all accessible consumer browsing and transactional points. It tracks consumer shopping behavior and can be drilled down to individual profiles. This is the "big deal" part of the buzz concept of "Big Data," because it tells the retailer not only what brands the Jane Does on the East Side prefer, it can also indicate what kind of shopping experience, environment and service they expect.  Most retailers have not yet scratched the surface on big data analytics and its laser-like ability to localize, even personalize the shopping experience. It will be interesting to see how Amazon uses its supposed advantage in this area.
If Amazon demonstrates this pinpointing capability of merchandising the store with a localized assortment, as well as personalizing the shopping experience, they will have raised the competitive bar and sent a message to all retailers that understanding, analyzing and using big data to personally engage customers had better be moved to the top of their priority list.
Another motivation for Amazon's decision might very well have been the unprecedented success of Apple's stores.  Of course, this also raises the question of how Amazon will create some kind of neurologically compelling experience within their stores. Another factor favoring Amazon's decision are the research findings that consumers who have the option of shopping both online and off are spending three to four times as much as those shopping just one channel.
So what might a neurologically compelling experience look like in an Amazon store? Given the range of products they sell, I would speculate they will select two or three product categories, probably those that consumers prefer to touch, feel, smell and try on.  This would suggest apparel, accessories and beauty products. It also might include locally preferred books and electronics. The merchandise would be narrowly assorted, again based on neighborhood preferences.  And, the physical layout might be "showroom-like" as opposed to more traditional stores. Of course there should be Internet screens throughout so that customers can download and view the full line of products if those on display are not to their liking.  In fact, for apparel, they might even have virtual fashion mirrors through which customers can download items, using hand gestures, that they can view superimposed on their bodies for an idea of what the outfit will look like, and how it might fit.
In the beauty category they might copy Macy's interactive touch-screen beauty kiosk that educates the customer about which products would best fit their persona. Amazon could also borrow from Burberry's high-tech, higher touch in-store experience.  One such example is the customer's ability to scan a displayed product's bar code with their smartphone, which then triggers a storytelling video of the designer describing the fabric used, where it was made and what inspired the design.  And Burberry's audiovisual extravaganza of LED screens streaming videos and cool music throughout the store could add to the experience--to say nothing of providing food and refreshment stations.
Taken to an imaginative extreme, but highly possible for Amazon to pull off, given their big data capability, they could take a page out of Apple's playbook and have "yellow-shirted" genius assistants who engage customers on a personal level and educate them on the new "Amazon Way" of satisfying customers (I can't imagine what that might be, but I'm sure Jeff Bezos can figure it out.  It is a great idea).
Another reason for Amazon's brick and mortar strategy is that they had to be all ears when their nemesis, Walmart, was quoted in the Wall Street Journal about a year ago saying that they were essentially redefining their 4500 retail stores as distribution centers. The big "Aha!" about that statement was that these locations are now a place from which to distribute goods as well as a place to shop. How smart is that?
A final point, and another of the "new rules" in our book, is that all retailers and brands must adopt the strategy of what we coined 'preemptive distribution.'  Simply put, since the POS is the consumer, wherever they may be, and since they demand (because they can) that whatever it is they desire be in front of them either digitally or physically, whenever they want it, then retailers must operate on a matrix of all possible distribution platforms, all seamlessly integrated and interchangeable, for shopping, ordering, purchasing, paying, pickup, delivery and returns.  The buzzword, of course, is omnichannel.
Finally, regarding Amazon's 34th Street location, in the (perhaps) distant future, Macy's might have invited Amazon to physically set up within their flagship store on Herald Square. Just as Topshop, Bonobos and Brooks Brothers set up in Nordstrom's store and Sun Glass Hut and many others in Macy's, it has been proven that there is a huge synergistic benefit to be gained by this strategy.  For example, a Brooks Brothers-loyal customer learns they're located in a Nordstrom store across the street, as opposed to having to make a long trip across town.  The consumer goes to Nordstrom for Brooks Brothers, and while there, notices something across the aisle they love. Thus a purchase is made of another Nordstrom product; likewise for a Nordstrom customer discovering Brooks Brothers and purchasing the brand while there.
This arrangement or collaboration or whatever you want to call it is the future.  Retailers and brands do not decide where or how consumers will seek their products or services. The consumer will decide, and the retailer had better be there: wherever, whenever, how, and however they desire the retailer to be present... or else! Period!
Thus, Amazon is still breathing as it makes itself accessible "offline" on 34th Street in Manhattan, and likely soon to be rolled out across the country.
About Robin Lewis
Robin Lewis has over forty years of strategic operating and consulting experience in the retail and related consumer products industries. He has held executive positions at DuPont, VF Corporation, Women's Wear Daily (WWD), and Goldman Sachs, among others, and has consulted for dozens of retail, consumer products and other companies. He is co-author of the recently published second edition of The New Rules of Retail (Palgrave Macmillan, 2014). In addition to his role as CEO and Editorial Director of The Robin Report , he is a professor at the Graduate School of Professional Studies at The Fashion Institute of Technology.
More:

4 Ways To Recharge Your Socially Conscious Spiritreddit
If you're like me, your entrepreneurial days are full of emails, phone calls and directing all the day-to-day operations of your socially conscious business. But as social entrepreneurs, we are especially vulnerable to the burnout that can come from living in the business details--it's all too easy to lose our way and forget why we do what it is we do each day.
Staying inspired and passionate about what drives you and your mission is critical to the success of your business and more importantly, making headway toward the cause behind your company. Nurturing my social side--as well as my team's--is a top priority. Here's how to keep your social spirit soaring so you're able to move the needle on your organization's most essential goals.
1. Use words wisely.
I have to admit, I'm a sucker for a great quote. The right words help me recall the reasons behind GreenHouse Eco-Cleaning 's mission to offer the best, healthiest, environmentally friendly cleaning products and services to our clients. A good quote reminds me of what it takes to accomplish something bigger than our company; what it takes to make a real difference. And lastly, a simple, poignant sentiment sets my day off on the right track, leaving me strong and inspired.  Use the right words to do the same for you and your team. Take time for a quick internet search each business day to find a quote or inspirational image that speaks to you, and then share it with your team members so they feel more inspired, too.  We start every staff meeting with a great quote to inspire and motivate us.
2. Encourage critical work-life balance.
To keep motivation high, it's imperative that social entrepreneurs and the amazing people we choose to walk beside us have the right work-life balance. That means taking days and time off, encouraging it when needed and staying personally connected to your team members. At my company, we consider ourselves a family, celebrate each other's triumphs and support each other during the inevitable struggles in life. We also remember that laughter can sometimes be the very best motivational medicine and can be the one thing that truly keeps us in balance during the workday.
3. Connect to your social scene together.
I'm not talking about checking out the latest social hotspot, I'm referring to volunteering in your community.  We encourage our team members to find and support a social cause that aligns with their personal mission.  You can take this one step further by finding an outside organization that aligns with your company mission and volunteer as a team.  You may also want to consider hosting "Volunteer Days" during business hours to honor restorative personal time.
4. Check in with your customers--internal and external.
The best way to make sure what your company does achieves its social initiatives is to ask the people closest to you, your customers. Remember, as an entrepreneur, your customers are both internal and external, so survey both team members and customers about what you do, how well you do it, why it matters to them and most importantly, what suggestions they have for improvement. I pretty much consider the results of these surveys inspirational gold. Not only do I receive insight into our front lines, but feedback on the ever-changing social landscape. And the internal component allows me another opportunity to tap into the brilliance of my team and give their ideas a go. There's nothing more inspiring than watching your idea come to fruition and make a difference, for a team member or an intrapreneur.
By re-charging our socially conscious spirits, we are able to shift our thinking from how to be in business to why we are in business.  This small shift in thinking creates a gigantic shift in priorities--invigorating us with new energy and clarity to move our businesses to the next level.
This blogger graduated from Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
Follow Saudia Davis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GreenHouseEco
More:

How Smart Branding Can Revitalize Your Companyreddit
Creating a personal brand is no longer a corporate luxury -- it's a professional necessity. A solid brand strategy can help you to solidify your core values, identify what makes you different from your competitors, and ultimately boost the success of your business.
"To your customers, your corporate image reflects the promise of an experience," notes Sean O'Leary of Programmed.  "It should be considered a valuable asset to be nurtured -- one that essentially affects your bottom line."
Michelle Taglialatela of Tag Strategies is a certified brand strategist who works with professionals on brand development and identity, collateral, packaging, and marketing. Below, she gives her four top strategies for identifying and leveraging brand identity.
1. Branding Starts at the Top
In the post-digital age, it's no longer enough to designate an individual or single department as the source of your brand's messaging. "Branding starts from within an organization," says Taglialatela. "It needs to start from a very strategic perspective within your C-Suite that aligns with the goals of your organization, and the understanding of how to effectively implement the brand strategy."
A meaningful brand can spread like wildfire. As you develop your strategy, make sure that the brand's core meaning is understood and embraced by every player, from the CEO to front line employees.
2. Identify -- And Stick To -- Your Core Values
"Based on 35 years of Millward  Brown research, we would say that meaningful differentiation is a critical driver of brand success, first because it provides brands with the means of upsetting the status quo, and second because it can allow a brand to command a premium price. We see tremendous opportunities for brands that can, through innovation in a variety of forms, establish meaningful differentiation," asserts Nigel Hollis, Chief Global Analyst at Millward Brown.
So how can forward-thinking companies create a relatable brand? "Brands too often lose focus on what is important to them," Taglialatela warns. "They find themselves trying to be all things to all people, questioning how they view their brand. As soon as you lose your focus, your whole strategy is shot."
Don't lose sight of what makes your organization different and meaningful. This isn't an exercise in rethinking your corporate values -- it's a process used to identify the special qualities of your organization and share them with a wider audience.
3. Engage Your Employees
The importance of your employees to your corporate brand strategy can not be understated. Their role in corporate branding is defined by Suzanne Hogan , a senior brand strategy consultant: "Whatever their position, employees have two jobs--one is the work they perform, the other is conveying the corporate image. That second job is their role as "brand ambassadors," primary agents in communicating a company's corporate identity to the outside world."
Taglialatela echoes those sentiments, "Employees are a company's best brand ambassadors and if they are truly engaged in their company's brand it will enhance customer service and increase customer retention." Employee engagement and creating the right culture is a critical step in developing a strong brand.
So much, in fact, a study by Dale Carnegie found that companies with engaged employees outperform those without by up to 202 percent. The spark that drives your employees to perform may give you a valuable starting point for getting consumers excited about your brand and its values.
4. Believe in the Process
Reconsidering your company's brand strategy and messaging can be a daunting task. "Creating and sustaining customer trust and loyalty is more difficult than ever before...with so much competition for their attention," notes Llopis at Forbes. You may start to experience fatigue and a feeling of helplessness when you consider the massive task before you.
Taglialatela urges brands to push through these difficulties, keeping in mind the immense payoff when brand strategies are successfully implemented. "Much of the value of a business is in its intangible assets," she notes. "When companies find that right perspective, find that right focal point, and get everyone to embrace its uniqueness and march to the same tune, the benefits are like a ripple effect that impacts your brand as well as your customer base."
Takeaways
Branding is no longer an optional marketing extension that you can choose to employ or ignore. Re-invest in your brand strategy in order to build an effective marketing approach, a network of excited consumers, and a company-wide revival of passion, commitment, and excitement for what makes your brand powerful and unique.
Follow Andre Bourque on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SocialMktgFella
More:

What I Learned About Influence From Peter Druckerreddit
"The great majority of people tend to focus downward. They are occupied with efforts rather than results. They worry over what the organization and their superiors 'owe' them and should do for them. And they are conscious above all of the authority they 'should have.' As a result they render themselves ineffectual." -- Peter Drucker
You can make a positive difference, even when you do not have direct line authority.
Here are 11 guidelines that will help you do a better job of influencing decision-makers, whether these decision-makers are immediate or upper managers, peers or cross-organizational colleagues.
Accept the Facts: Every decision that affects our lives will be made by the person who has the power to make that decision, not the "right" person or the "smartest" person or the "best" person. Make peace with this fact. Once we make peace with the fact that the people who have the power to make the decisions always make the decisions and we get over whining that "life isn't fair," we become more effective in influencing others and making a positive difference. We also become happier.
Realize You Must Sell Your Ideas. When presenting ideas to decision-makers, realize that it is your responsibility to sell, not their responsibility to buy. In many ways, influencing ultimate decision-makers is similar to selling products or services to external customers. They don't have to buy--you have to sell. No one is impressed with salespeople who blame their customers for not buying their products. While the importance of taking responsibility may seem obvious in external sales, an amazing number of people in large corporations spend countless hours blaming management for not buying their ideas. A key part of the influence process involves the education of decision-makers. The effective influencer needs to be a good teacher.
Focus on contribution to the larger good--not just the achievement of your objectives. An effective salesperson would never say to a customer, "You need to buy this product, because if you don't, I won't achieve my objectives." Effective salespeople relate to the needs of the buyers, not to their own needs. In the same way, effective influencers relate to the larger needs of the organization, not just to the needs of their unit or team.
Strive to win the big battles. Don't waste your energy and psychological capital on trivial points. Executives' time is very limited. Do a thorough analysis of ideas before challenging the system. Focus on issues that will make a real difference. Be willing to lose on small points. Be especially sensitive to the need to win trivial non-business arguments on things like restaurants, sports teams, or cars. You are paid to do what makes a difference and to win on important issues. You are not paid to win arguments on the relative quality of athletic teams.
Present a realistic "cost-benefit" analysis of your ideas--don't just sell benefits. Every organization has limited resources, time, and energy. The acceptance of your idea may well mean the rejection of another idea that someone else believes is wonderful. Be prepared to have a realistic discussion of the costs of your idea.
"Challenge up" on issues involving ethics or integrity--never remain silent on ethics violations. The best of corporations can be severely damaged by only one violation of corporate integrity. I hope you will never be asked to do anything by the management of your corporation that represents a violation of corporate ethics. If you are, refuse to do it and immediately let upper management know of your concerns. Try to present your case in a manner that is intended to be helpful, not judgmental.
Realize that powerful people also make mistakes. Don't say, "I am amazed that someone at this level..." It is realistic to expect decision-makers to be competent; it is unrealistic to expect them to be anything other than normal humans. Even the best of leaders are human. We all make mistakes. When your managers make mistakes, focus more on helping them than judging them.
Don't be disrespectful. Treat decision-makers with the same courtesy that you would treat customers. While it is important to avoid kissing up to decision-makers, it is just as important to avoid the opposite reaction. Before speaking, it is generally good to ask one question from four perspectives. "Will this comment help 1) our company 2) our customers 3) the person I am talking to, and 4) the person I am talking about?" If the answers are no, no, no, and no, don't say it!
Support the final decision. Don't tell direct reports, "They made me tell you." Assuming that the final decision of the organization is not immoral, illegal, or unethical, go out and try to make it work. Managers who consistently say, "They told me to tell you" to co-workers are seen as messengers, not leaders. Treat decision-makers the same way that you would want to be treated if the roles were reversed. If you stab your boss in the back in front of your direct reports, what are you teaching them to do when they disagree with you?
Make a positive difference--don't just try to "win" or "be right." We can easily become more focused on what others are doing wrong than on how we can make things better. An important guideline in influencing up is to always remember your goal: making a positive difference for the organization. Focus on making a difference. The more other people can be "right" or "win" with your idea, the more likely your idea is to be successfully executed.
Focus on the future--let go of the past. One of the most important behaviors to avoid is whining about the past. Have you ever managed someone who incessantly whined about how bad things are? Nobody wins. Successful people love getting ideas aimed at helping them achieve their goals for the future. By focusing on the future, you can concentrate on what can be achieved tomorrow, not what was not achieved yesterday.
In summary, think of the years that you have spent "perfecting your craft." Think of all of the knowledge that you have accumulated. Think about how your knowledge can potentially benefit your organization. How much energy have you invested in acquiring all of this knowledge? How much energy have you invested in learning to present this knowledge to decision-makers so that you can make a real difference? My hope is that by making a small investment in learning to influence decision-makers, you can make a large, positive difference for the future of your organization.
*     *     *
Please view the Marshall Goldsmith Thinkers50 Video Blog . The next short video in the series Coaching for Leaders: Marshall Goldsmtih-What I learned about Influence from Peter Drucker accompanies this article. I'll post these blogs once a week for the next 50 weeks. The series will incorporate learnings from my 38 years of experience with top executives, as well as material from my previous research, articles and books, including What Got You Here Won't Get You There, MOJO, Coaching for Leadership, and Succession: Are You Ready? The blogs will also include material from my exciting new research on engagement and my upcoming book Triggers (to be published by Crown in 2015).
Follow Marshall Goldsmith on Twitter: www.twitter.com/coachgoldsmith
More:

Services Growth Stalls in October  at Six-Month Low: PMIMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Bangalore: Growth in India's dominant service industry stalled last month as new orders came in at a weaker pace, adding to pressure on the government to drive through economic reforms, a business survey showed on Wednesday.
The stagnation came despite firms barely raising their prices - probably writing off any likelihood that Reserve Bank of India will cut interest rates anytime soon to support economic growth.
The HSBC Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), compiled by Markit, fell to 50.0 in October from September's 51.6, the lowest in six months and right on the break-even point between growth and contraction.
New Delhi has so far managed to push through only minor reforms to boost the economy and attract investments but last month's success in a couple of state elections could change that.
Modi's government picked up the pace on economic reforms last month and a recent Reuters poll predicted that would drive India's economic growth to its fastest pace in two years in the current fiscal year.
"The revival of reforms post recent state elections, if sustained, should lift growth on a broad basis," said Frederic Neumann, co-head of Asian economic research at survey sponsor HSBC.
New business growth slowed a five-month low but continued to expand at a modest pace.
Still Wednesday's PMI showed services firms were only able to increase their prices a bit faster last month, pointing to sluggish consumer demand. The prices charged sub-index only nudged up to 50.7 from September's near four-year low of 50.6.
The Reserve Bank of India is not expected to cut its key interest rate to support the economy until well into next year, the Reuters poll found.
Weak inflation - which at 6.46 per cent in September was the lowest since figures were first published in January 2012 - will do little to change that view.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Bharti Airtel Calls off Rs. 700 Crore Loop Mobile Deal: ReportBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Telecom major Bharti Airtel on Wednesday called off a deal worth Rs 700 crore to acquire the business and assets of Mumbai-based Loop Mobile as the Department of Telecom (DoT) is yet to clear the transaction announced in February.
With this development, Loop Mobile will not be able to migrate its 17 lakh subscribers to Airtel as envisaged earlier.
Airtel in a filing to BSE said its proposed transaction related to Loop was conditional upon DoT approvals which had not been received till date.
"In light of this update and the fact that Loop's mobile license is to expire at the end of this month, we have decided to terminate the discussions with regard to the transaction for acquiring subscribers of Loop. A formal communication to this effect has been released to Loop at 05:19 PM today," Airtel said in a statement.
Khaitan group-promoted Loop Mobile suffered a setback when the Supreme Court cancelled the pan-India permit of its sister concern Loop Telecom as part of quashing 122 telecom licences in February 2012.
The apex court's order, however, did not apply to Loop Mobile's Mumbai licence that is expiring on November 29. The company also did not purchase spectrum in auction held in February this year which was mandatory for continuing its operations.
A Loop Mobile spokesperson told PTI, "Loop Mobile and Bharti applied to the DoT for approval of the business transfer in March 2014. The approval for the transaction is still awaited from the relevant authorities as a result of which Bharti Airtel has withdrawn from the proposed transaction causing huge loss to the company (Loop)."
DoT is yet to give clearance to the proposed deal as it estimates that Loop Mobile and its sister concern Loop Telecom owe about Rs 808 crore in spectrum and other charges to the government.
Private sector lender Axis Bank has also told the DoT that Rs 215-crore loan to Loop Mobile will be at risk if the deal of the Mumbai-based operator to sell its assets to Bharti Airtel is not approved.
Airtel had signed the deal with Loop in February this year to buy business and assets of Loop Mobile in Mumbai under a strategic agreement for about Rs 700 crore.
Under the agreement, Loop Mobile's 3 million subscribers (at that time) in Mumbai were supposed to join Airtel's over 4 million subscribers, which would have made it largest network in the metropolitan city.
Shares in Bharti Airtel, on Wednesday, ended at Rs 385.30 apiece on the BSE , down nearly 3 per cent from the previous close.
To a particular query by BSE on the fall in stock price, Airtel said it has complied with disclosure obligations and is "not aware of any information which could explain the movement in trading of shares as mentioned in the aforesaid email".
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 14:57 (IST)

GSK Consumer Healthcare Q2 Net Up 9% at Rs. 160.29 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
GSK Consumer Healthcare Q2 Net Up 9% at Rs 160.29 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 05, 2014 15:38 (IST)
New Delhi: GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Ltd has reported 9.09 per cent increase in standalone net profit at Rs 160.29 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The company had reported net profit of Rs 146.93 crore in the same quarter a year ago.
GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare's net sales went up by 10.56 per cent to Rs 1,074.66 crore in the quarter under review as against Rs 971.94 crore in the corresponding period last year, the company said in a BSE filing.
Overall expenses of the company in the quarter were at Rs 930.02 crore, a rise of 11.56 per cent. Expenses stood at Rs 833.63 crore in the corresponding period last year.
Shares of GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare were trading at Rs 5,429.95 apiece in afternoon trade, down 1.99 per cent from their previous close on BSE.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 15:33 (IST)

Government Taking Steps to Push Economy Back on Growth Path: Pranab MukherjeeMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: Indian President Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday exuded confidence that the government's policy initiatives will soon put Indian economy back on the high growth trajectory of 7 to 8 per cent.
"A number of measures aimed at investment revival, strengthening macro-economic stability and ramping up infrastructure will certainly posit India back into the high growth trajectory of 7-8 per cent," Mr Mukherjee said at a SCOPE awards ceremony here.
The President noted that the green shoots of recovery were already visible, with the economy growing at 5.7 per cent during the first quarter of current fiscal.
"India today stands at the cusp of a transformative phase which, I firmly believe, will successfully place us in the league of developed nations over the next two decades," he said.
Mr Mukherjee also expressed hope that inflation will be contained below five per cent through various policy interventions by the government.
"Various steps taken towards fiscal consolidation have shown positive results. Inflation has decelerated over the past three months and we hope to contain it below 5 per cent through a judicious mix of policy measures," he said.
Referring to Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Make in India campaign, which is aimed at transforming India into a global manufacturing hub, Mukherjee said: "I believe that our central public sector enterprises (CPSEs) have a vital role in making this a reality".
"We should aim not only at catering to our huge domestic demand but also towards high quality product development and greater access to foreign markets. This would not only create adequate employment opportunities for our youth but also raise standards of living across," he said.
Pointing out that CPSEs are custodians of public wealth, Mr Mukherjee stressed that they "need to ensure continued compliance with the best standards of corporate governance and transparency".
The state-owned firms like SAIL, HAL, BPCL and IOCL were among the PSUs conferred with the SCOPE Meritorious Awards 2012-13 on the occasion.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 15:41 (IST)

ONGC Stake Sale Likely by Early December: ReportMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
The government is planning to sell a 5 percent stake in state-run energy explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp in the last week of November or the first week of December, two sources directly involved in the deal said on Wednesday.
The marketing roadshows for the share sale, worth around Rs 16,800 crore at current market price, are likely to start from Nov. 17 and will last for about a week, said the sources, declining to be named as the details are not yet public.
"There is a plan to hold roadshows in the US, London and Singapore from November 17 to 23 to attract global investors," said one of the sources.
The share sale is part of the Indian government's plan to raise over Rs 60,000 crore by selling assets during the current financial year ending in March 2015 to help plug its fiscal deficit.
Aradhana Johri, secretary at India's divestment department, which oversees government stake sale in state companies, was not immediately available for a comment.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Indian Refiners Complete $900 Million Payment to Iran: ReportBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Indian refiners completed payment of $900 million in frozen oil revenues to Iran on Wednesday under an interim deal that eased some sanctions against Tehran over its disputed nuclear work, said industry sources with direct knowledge of the matter.
Iran and the United States, China, France, Germany, Britain and Russia agreed in July to extend the initial six-month interim accord to November 24 after they failed to agree a final resolution to their dispute before the deadline.
Tehran would have to curb its nuclear work to ensure it cannot be applied to weapons in exchange for removal of the sanctions that have hobbled its oil-based economy by cutting off the flow of payments for its crude exports.
"The first instalment of $400 million was cleared last month and today the companies paid the second instalment of $500 million," said one of the industry sources.
The sources declined to be named because they are not authorised to speak to the press.
In the second instalment of $500 million, Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd and Essar Oil paid around $220 million each, Indian Oil Corp about $60 million and Hindustan Petroleum Corp about $5 million, according to the sources.
Indian refiners settle 45 per cent of their oil payment to Iran in rupees through a local bank, while they continue to hold on to the remainder that are remitted to Tehran under the interim deal. Iran uses the fund in rupee accounts to pay for imports from India.
The payments are made using an existing mechanism based on a series of back-to-back transactions in different currencies that are initially channeled through the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). Iran will eventually get the payment in dirhams from the United Arab Emirates' central bank.
Tough sanctions put in place in 2012 have reduced Iran's exports by more than half from around 2.5 million barrels per day (bpd).
Iran's biggest oil clients - China, India, Japan and South Korea - imported 6.6 per cent less in September than a year ago, the first on-year decline since December, but shipments rose back above the 1 million bpd mark allowed under the interim deal that eased Western sanctions.
US Secretary of State John Kerry will meet Iran's foreign minister and the European Union foreign policy chief in Oman on November 9-10 to discuss the Iranian nuclear issue ahead of the November 24 deadline for a final agreement.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Preventing kidney stones: It may be as simple as changing your dietBy Ariana Eunjung Cha November 5 Follow @arianaeunjung
(Bigstock)
Removing kidney stones can be a complicated, sometimes painful process involving medication, surgery or even sound waves to break up the deposits. But preventing them may be as simple as drinking more water .
Kidney stones are extremely common -- about 13 percent of men and 7 percent of women in the United States will get one in their lifetime -- and occur when tiny crystals in the urine (calcium, phosphorus and other minerals or salts) come together to form a hard deposit. Studies have shown that 35 to 50 percent of people who get them will get them again within five years without treatment.
The American College of Physicians this week issued new guidelines for people who have had a kidney stone in the past and they call for these patients to increase their fluid intake so that they can have at least two liters of urine per day. The organization said that there's no difference between tap water or a brand of mineral water but that soft drinks -- such as colas -- should be avoided because they're associated with a recurrence of the problem.
"Increased fluid intake spread throughout the day can decrease stone recurrence by at least half with virtually no side effects," David Fleming, president of the ACP said in a release.
The guidelines also call for other dietary changes. Those who have had kidney stones in the past should reduce their intake of animal protein as well as things like chocolate, beets, nuts, rhubarb, spinach, strawberries, tea and wheat bran because they contain dietary oxalate, which combines with calcium to form stones.
Related:

GM offers $25 gift card to owners of recalled carsGM offers $25 gift card to owners of recalled cars
GM ignition switch recall
Scott Olson / Getty Images
New allegations are being made about when General Motors became aware of ignition switch problems and began to take actions to resolve the recall. Above, a GM logo hangs at the entrance to a Chevrolet dealership in Park Ridge.
New allegations are being made about when General Motors became aware of ignition switch problems and began to take actions to resolve the recall. Above, a GM logo hangs at the entrance to a Chevrolet dealership in Park Ridge. (Scott Olson / Getty Images)
GM offers $25 gift card to entice owners of recalled autos to get faulty ignition switches repaired.
Just 1.3 million of 2.4 million recalled GM cars built with faulty ignition switches have been repaired.
General Motors is offering $25 gift cards to owners of recalled vehicles to encourage them to visit their dealers and get defective parts repaired or replaced.
8
The company last week began sending notices to "several hundred thousand" vehicle owners, a company officer said.
The letters offer a $25 gift card to Starbucks, Amazon, Wal-Mart, Applebee's, Red Robin, AMC Theatres or Bass Pro Shops.
It's the worst year for auto recalls in U.S. history, with more than one in five cars and trucks at risk of sometimes critical, deadly defects. But the disjointed recall system patched together by automakers and regulators is leaving millions of broken vehicles still on the road. ( Drew Harwell, The Washington Post )
The letters are going to people who have received recall notices but have not had their vehicles inspected, said Ryndee Carney, GM's manager of cross brand communicatons.
"There are several hundred thousand people who have taken no action whatsoever," Carney said. "They haven't seen their dealers, even though they have been contacted by us repeatedly."
The auto giant is under fire, and facing several federal investigations and at least one class-action lawsuit, over a decade-long problem involving fautly ignition switches. Vehicles equipped with the defective switches can suddenly turn off, disabling power steering, power brakes, air bags and other systems.

Walgreens sales rise in OctoberWalgreens sales rise in October
Same store sales at Walgreens up 5.6 percent
Walgreen Co. said Wednesday that sales at stores open at least a year rose 5.6 percent in October, as customers came in for flu shots.
8
The figure was just slightly under analysts' expectations of a 5.7 percent increase, according to RetailMetrics.
Overall sales were $6.8 billion, up almost 7 percent from $6.36 billion at the same time last year.
Walgreens pharmacies administered 5.7 million flu shots to date, compared with 4.9 million at this time last year.
Ellen Jean Hirst and Jemal R. Brinson
Pharmacy sales in stores open at least a year were up 7.5 percent. They accounted for 67.3 percent of total sales for the month. Nonpharmacy sales were up 2 percent in stores open at least a year, an important retail metric.
Walgreen Co. said it opened 16 stores in October, including four relocations. One store was closed last month.

Cash stash: The stupidest smugglers in the worldTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Sun 7 Dec, 2014, 10:46 PM IST - India Markets closed
The stupidest smugglers in the world
The amount of things, including live animals, that travellers have attempted to smuggle through airports is astounding. Smuggled drugs, guns, cash, stolen goods, and immigrants are seized every day at airports all over the world. However, some things that people try to sneak through security, and how they do it, will make you scratch your head in wonder. (Source: Total Travel)
Recommend
Prev Next
The amount of things, including live animals, that travellers have attempted to smuggle through airports is astounding. Smuggled drugs, guns, cash, stolen goods, and immigrants are seized every day at... more 
The amount of things, including live animals, that travellers have attempted to smuggle through airports is astounding. Smuggled drugs, guns, cash, stolen goods, and immigrants are seized every day at airports all over the world. However, some things that people try to sneak through security, and how they do it, will make you scratch your head in wonder. less 
1 / 10
Movies are a great source of inspiration, and while there is no dearth of good fictional movies, what … More » Seven film biographies to inspire every entrepreneur
On This Site
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

US service sector growth drops again in October: ISM surveyUS service sector growth drops again in October: ISM survey
Review: Chinese Rules  by Tim Clissold© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c413965e-641b-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Energy leads Wall St. up after midterm vote  Dow hits recordWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Nobel-winning Economist Finn Kydland backs RBI s anti-inflation policyNobel-winning Economist Finn Kydland backs RBI s anti-inflation policy
http://usat.ly/1zwuo8rTesla unplugged ahead of profit report
By: Matt Krantz November 5, 2014 1:05 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Investors are selling off shares of electric car maker Tesla (TSLA) ahead of its quarterly profit report, where it’s expected to fall back into the red.
Shares of the stock closed down $8.31, or 3.5%, to $230.57 as investors prepare for the high-flying stock to breakeven on an adjusted basis. That would be the first time Tesla hasn’t been profitable on this basis in more than a year. Following official accounting rules, the company is expected to lose 40 cents a share.
Losses continue to mount despite the company’s progress selling more cars. Revenue for the quarter is seen rising nearly 50% to $893.8 million during the September quarter.
Tesla is definitely a stock for the fast-money crowd. Shares of the stock are still up nearly 60% this year as investors applaud the company’s growth growth. And Tesla has a track record of beating profit forecasts. It’s topped profit views in each of the past five straight quarters, says S&P Capital IQ. During the quarter ended in June, Tesla reported a quarterly profit of 11 cents a share on an adjusted basis, topping expectations by 175%.
Well see after the close what this company can do.
 

http://usat.ly/1x8HVk6FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Rieder: Political pundits missed election tidal wave
Readers of the print edition of The Washington Post encountered this front page headline on Election Day: "After a bitter campaign, grim math for Democrats." Maybe the Post was on to something. This time
Post to Facebook
Rieder: Political pundits missed election tidal wave Readers of the print edition of The Washington Post encountered this front page headline on Election Day: "After a bitter campaign, grim math for Democrats." Maybe the Post was on to something. This time Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u0wXw5
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
83
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Rieder: Political pundits missed election tidal wave
Video Keywords stock market Keystone Pipeline bullish stocks America's markets medical devices Obama
USA TODAY's Adam Shell on how Tuesday's election affects investors. Video by Jason Allen. Jason Allen
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  Main street cast their votes on Election Day and Republicans
00:03  walked away with full control of congress. Now it's time for
00:07  Wall Street to vote with their wallets and their money. Hi
00:11  I'm Adam shell and this is America's markets yeah. Elections do
00:21  matter for markets. A power shift in Washington is a vote
00:24  for change. It's also a time when politics and money collide.
00:29  The early take away on Wall Street has been bullish stocks
00:32  are rallying as a GOP is dean more business friendly. While
00:36  the election results might not be the major game changer some
00:39  think. It does open the door for policy changes new laws
00:43  and other moves that could impact specific sectors of the economy.
00:47  Republicans for example we'll push for an expansion of the Keystone
00:51  Pipeline which a benefit energy and infrastructure companies. There also be
00:56  a push to repeal the tax on medical devices which would
00:59  be a boost for some health care name's. There's also renewed
01:02  hope that reform the corporate tax code is within reach. US
01:06  firms pay higher taxes than their counterparts abroad and that gulf
01:11  may narrow. The new GOP controlled congress will also push for
01:14  less burdensome rules on banks and financial firms. Trade agreements could
01:19  be tweaked immigration healthcare laws might also undergo changes. The big
01:24  question marks remain shore will be easier for the GOP to
01:27  pass bills and send them to the president for passage but
01:30  there's no guarantee Obama will sign them. There's also no guarantee
01:34  that chilly relationship between Obama and Republicans will warm up. But
01:39  mid term elections tend to be bullish for stocks the market
01:42  just before much better in the final quarter of the year
01:45  after a mid term vote. And the third year of the
01:47  four year presidential cycle is the most bullish of all. Since
01:51  1950 the US stock market has rallied nearly 19%. And the
01:55  third year of the president's term.
Rem Rieder , USA TODAY 4:45 p.m. EST November 5, 2014
Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., waves to supporters during his victory celebration in Louisville.
(Photo: Mark Lyons, European Pressphoto Agency)
216 CONNECT 78 TWEET LINKEDIN 83 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Readers of the print edition of The Washington Post encountered this front-page headline on Election Day: "After a bitter campaign, grim math for Democrats."
Maybe the Post was on to something.
This time around, the pre-election narrative — the accumulated wisdom of the political experts, the pollsters, the news media — was on target. As far as it went.
It seemed clear that Nov. 4 was going to be a very good day for the Republicans. It just wasn't clear how good.
Sure, the smart money had it right that the GOP was going to reclaim the Senate. But the extent of the shellacking the Democrats were destined to experience was a surprise.
Analysis: Shaking things up ... and making them worse?
That things were not playing out entirely as forecast was foreshadowed at the jump.  Literally moments after the polls closed at 7 p.m. ET in Kentucky and Virginia, NPR reported that Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell had won re-election, while the Senate contest in the Old Dominion was too close to call. Talk about upside down.
That's right. The same Mitch McConnell who through much of the campaign was thought to be in the battle of a lifetime with Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes won in a blowout. (For my money, Grimes forfeited any business occupying an elected office when she refused to say whether she had voted for President Obama. If someone updates JFK's book Profiles in Courage, don't look for a chapter on Grimes. Paging Ashley Judd!)
Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., waves to the crowd with his wife, Lisa Collis, during an election party in Arlington, Va.
(Photo: Steve Helber, AP)
Meanwhile, Sen. Mark Warner, a Virginia Democrat on absolutely no one's list of endangered incumbents, was last seen clinging to a narrow lead over former Republican national chairman Ed Gillespie.
As the night wore on, things just got worse and worse for the Dems. Remember the story line that control of the Senate might be in doubt for weeks until runoffs in tight states? That one quickly became inoperative.
There was no shortage of outcomes that were predicted pretty much nowhere. As one Facebook post had it, the only Republican in blue-on-blue Maryland was elected governor there. Liberal Massachusetts also elected a Republican governor. Democrats were supposed to be so competitive in the Georgia Senate race that a runoff was inevitable. Didn't happen. Sam Brownback, the Republican governor of Kansas left for dead by the pundits, prevailed. Senate races thought to be nail-biters were Republican romps.
As a career election-night junkie, I found it fascinating to watch the architecture of the results take shape as I ricocheted from cable channel to cable channel.
Naturally, the endless campaign was in full display. The polls hadn't even closed in many states and Chris Matthews on MSNBC was trying to goad Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn.,  into talking about the 2016 presidential contest.
There was also a poignant moment early in the going when Matthews, grasping at whatever it is that is much flimsier than straws, was frantically constructing scenarios as to how the Democrats could still control the Senate.
First Take: For Democrats, a bad start to 2016
But by 11 p.m. the upshot was evident. There was jubilation on Fox about the Senate. Former John McCain operative Steve Schmidt said on MSNBC that the GOP was on the verge of exceeding its wildest expectations. The inevitable Wolf Blitzer on CNN  was talking about a "big, big win for the Republicans."  He was alluding to the victory by Republican Joni Ernst, the noted hog castrator, over Democrat Bruce Braley — kind of figured he was in trouble when Michelle Obama could never get his name right. But Blitzer's remark perfectly summed up the entire evening.
For much of the campaign, while there was little doubt that things would go quite well for the Republicans, most of the cognoscenti weren't ready to award the likely denouement the ultimate Washington tribute: a "wave" election.
But as midnight neared, political buff extraordinaire and Meet the Press host Chuck Todd made it official on MSNBC: It was, he said, "turning into a large wave."
A tidal wave, even.
216 CONNECT 78 TWEET LINKEDIN 83 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u0wXw5
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://usat.ly/1wxFN5xFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Obama calls 25 election winners
President Obama called 25 election winners during the election night Tuesday, according to a list released by the White House. The list included soon-to-be-former Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nevada,
Post to Facebook
Obama calls 25 election winners President Obama called 25 election winners during the election night Tuesday, according to a list released by the White House. The list included soon-to-be-former Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nevada, Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qpED6j
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
22
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Obama calls 25 election winners
David Jackson , USA TODAY 2:30 p.m. EST November 5, 2014
President Obama

Ushdev International: Outcome of board meetingUshdev International: Outcome of board meeting
Voters back rise in minimum wageUS voters back minimum wage rise
Barney Jopson and Aaron Stanley in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/429ff464-64b6-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Web photos purport to show slain US womansbodyPrint
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:42 am
Washington state detectives were investigating on Wednesday whether graphic photos posted online showed a murder victim hours before her body was found.
Sheriff’s Deputy Scott Wilson saw the photos on two websites along with a statement, apparently from the killer, he said.
The identity of the woman whose body was found by a relative Tuesday had yet to be confirmed by the coroner, so the sheriff’s office could not say if the online postings were authentic, Wilson said.
“Anytime somebody posts something on social media with a very graphic depiction of what claims to be a crime scene, we’re going to take it seriously,” Wilson said.
The photos were posted on 4chan, an online forum where anonymity has encouraged some of the Web’s darker moments. Earlier this year hundreds of private pictures of nude celebrities were posted on the site.
No suspect has been identified. Deputies were looking for the dead woman’s gold 2001 Ford Focus with the Washington license 495-YLY.
The body of the woman in her 30s was found about 3:30 pm by the relative who made an emergency call. It was unclear if the online photos led to the discovery.
A crime scene investigation was conducted overnight at the unit in an apartment complex.
The statement posted with the photos described how the woman fought and how the body might be discovered and make the news. The writer also wrote of planning to be fatally shot by police.

Two days after Budgam killings  Army shiftsforcesProtesters clash with police in Srinagar on Wednesday. ( Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:41 am
Two days after Army personnel on patrol duty opened fire on a car, killing two teenagers in Chattergam village of Budgam district, the Army on Wednesday decided to shift the entire company of 53 Rashtriya Rifles (RR), comprising 125 soldiers, from the area.
The killings had triggered protests across Srinagar and nearby places, with locals demanding removal of the Army camp from the area as they had been involved in a similar killing two years ago.
A defence spokesperson told The Indian Express, “The company has been shifted from the area. We have also attached 16 soldiers who were part of the Army patrol and naka party to the location of the inquiry.”
The spokesperson said that the Deputy Commander of a neighbouring RR sector is conducting the inquiry and that he has been asked to complete the investigation at the earliest. Police have also filed a case against the unit.
Top Army officers, who did not want to be named, said the inquiry will focus on why standard operating procedures were not followed when the car in which the teenagers were travelling did not stop at the first signal. The inquiry officer will focus on why the Army personnel did not fire at the car tyres first instead of targeting the occupants.
This is the second such incident at Chattergam involving Army personnel from the same unit. In October 2012, Army men opened fire on a private Sumo, killing two soldiers of Territorial Army. Seven soldiers were travelling in the vehicle.
During investigations it was found that a patrolling party of the 53 RR asked the Sumo to stop but when it evaded the signal, the soldiers opened fire, resulting in injuries to the driver and two Army men. Later, the two soldiers, identified as Ghulam Ahmad Sheikh and Abdul Rouf, died in hospital. After the incident, the Army had ordered an inquiry, but the findings were never made public.
DIG Kashmir Afadul Muhtaba told The Indian Express that although the Army had ordered a court of inquiry into the 2012 case, “I have no information about the current status of that case.”

Yr after village saw them off  Amur falcons with names arebackPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Pangti | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:39 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 6:31 pm
In this small village in Nagaland exactly a year ago, three Amur falcons were satellite-tagged to track their migration. Two of them are back, having completed their cycle to South Africa, then back to Mongolia and finally to Pangti again. They are among an estimated five to six lakh falcons that have reached Pangti and adjoining villages.
For two days since the return of falcons Naga and Pangti, villagers have been celebrating with music and cakes, while scientists are trying to find out why the birds have of late chosen this remote corner of the Naga Hills for a two-month roosting. The falcons had started arriving in Pangti, about 120 km from Kohima, from late September and will fly off by November-end. Pangti and Naga, which were tagged on November 7 last year, arrived Monday.
Amur falcons (Falco amurensis), which migrate from Mongolia to South Africa every year, chalked out a new route through the Northeast about eight years ago. Tribal villagers in Nagaland had initially taken it as a God-sent gift to feast upon. Thousands of falcons were killed between 2007 and 2012, until serious efforts were made to convert the villagers into protectors.
“Till 2012, hundreds of young men from Pangti and adjoining villages had caught and sold thousands of birds in Wokha, Kohima, Dimapur and other towns,” said journalist-turned-conservationist Bano Haralu, whose Nagaland Wildlife & Biodiversity Conservation Trust has engaged over 40 volunteers to tell the people that these birds need protection.
“We all got together, NGOs, government, student bodies and women’s groups, and have succeeded in ensuring that nobody now touches a bird,” said Steve Oduyo, chairman of Natural Nagas, another NGO.
“We now know that these birds are helping us by getting rid of pests and termites. We want people from other places to come and see how we protect them in their eight-week stay here,” said villager Wobenei, 30.
Pangti was selected for the Royal Scotland Bank Earth Heroes Award of 2014 for protecting lakhs of Amur falcons. After satellite tracking showed Naga and Pangti arriving here on Monday, village council chairman Rongchamo Shitiri was handed over the award in Delhi by Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar the following day.
The satellite tagging was a collaborative effort of the Wildlife Institute of India, Convention on Migratory Species, Birdlife Hungary, MOEFCC, and the state forest department.
Villagers are counting on Amur falcons to find Pangti a place on the world tourism map. “Pangti village has been receiving numerous visitors — locals, national and international — from students to researchers to the media. Crews of BBC and National Geographic are also here,” said Zuthunglu Patton, divisional forest officer, Wokha, a local Lotha woman.
Over 1,200 people from outside Nagaland have visited Pangti. Villagers have not only offered homestay and food but also started selling handloom and handicraft products.

Pachauri only non-govt face in rejigged PMscouncilPrint
New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:36 am
The government Wednesday reconstituted the Prime Minister’s Council on Climate Change, a body that decides on policy direction on issues relating to climate change.
The 18-member council is made largely of present and former government servants. R K Pachauri, chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, is the only non-government member. The previous council under UPA included Ratan Tata who then headed the Investment Commission, Sunita Narain of the Centre for Science and Environment, and journalists Raj Chengappa and R Ramachandran.
The council has not met for the last three years. First constituted in 2007, the council had framed India’s National Action Plan on Climate Change.
The new council:
Prime Minister (chairperson), Minister for External Affairs, Finance Minister, Minister for Environment, Forests and Climate Change, Minister for Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation, Agriculture Minister, Urban Development Minister, Science and Technology Minister, Power Minister, Cabinet Secretary, Principal Secretary to Prime Minister, Foreign Secretary, Environment Secretary, R K Pachauri (chairperson IPCC), Nitin Desai (former Under Secretary-General UN), Chandrasekar Dasgupta (former Ambassador to EU), Ajay Mathur (head of Bureau of Energy Efficiency), and J M Mouskar (former Additional Secretary in Ministry of Environment and Forests).

CPM to hit streets against govtpoliciesPrint
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:36 am
The CPM began its two-day state committee meeting here Wednesday, keeping its focus on the central government’s “aggressive move towards liberalisation”.
Chaired by politburo member Surya Kanta Mishra in the presence of party general secretary Prakash Karat, the meeting started with the latter presenting a brief report of the recently concluded central committee meeting.
There will be a campaign against all these (issues discussed at the meeting) across the country and there will be mass demonstration in New Delhi. The labour law has been amended to make it more anti-people. Governments of Rajasthan and MP have already made some amendments and the Central government too has started following suit,” a statement by the party said.

Clubbing with China on climate hurting us  says PMssherpaPrint
“Unfortunately, India has got tightly bracketed with China and some other countries at the climate talks,” Prabhu told The Indian Express.
Written by Amitabh Sinha | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:29 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 6:31 pm
In an indication of a new thinking emerging within the government on its strategy for climate change negotiations, Suresh Prabhu, an aide to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has argued that India’s near-complete alignment with China at global climate talks has been hurting the country’s interests and that New Delhi must demand to be treated on a different footing than Beijing as far as taking steps to counter climate change is concerned.
“Unfortunately, India has got tightly bracketed with China and some other countries at the climate talks,” Prabhu told The Indian Express. “While India and China do have some similarities, the fact is that on most social and economic indicators, China is way ahead of India. But because they have allied so closely at the negotiations, India and China are seen as together. As a result, the international community is expecting the same kind of climate actions from India as it has been demanding from China… India’s situation is very different and everyone is aware of that. India must fight to break this hyphenation with China.”
He stressed he was only expressing his personal opinion and his remarks do not reflect any change in India’s official negotiating position. Prabhu does not hold any official position in the government relating to climate change but he is known to have the ear of the Prime Minister. He was recently appointed Modi’s sherpa for the upcoming annual G-20 meeting where climate change is likely to figure prominently. Sherpas are responsible for preparing the agenda for the meeting on behalf of their leaders. Prabhu, who was power minister in the Vajpayee government, also chairs the Council on Energy, Environment and Water, an increasingly influential advocacy group with deep interests in climate change. His is among the names being discussed as possible head of the organisation that will replace the disbanded Planning Commission.
Prabhu said he was not calling for a complete disengagement with China. “India and China must cooperate. But we must remember that India’s interests are not the same as China’s. We have to act in self-interest and I don’t think our interests are being adequately served by this hyphenation.”
The close cooperation between the two countries at climate talks was seen as mutually beneficial, but Prabhu argued that it was only China that had benefited and went on to describe the alignment as a tactical mistake by India.
“We have not gained much from this kind of partnership. In fact, I would say it was a tactical mistake by India to almost totally align itself with China at Copenhagen (in 2009) and thereafter,” he said.
“The concept of Common But Differentiated Responsibility, which is one of the basic pillars of climate negotiations under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, needs to be applied not just between Annex-I (those that signed the Kyoto Protocol of 1997) and non-Annex-I countries but within the group of non-Annex-I countries as well. India has the largest number of poor people. Our income levels are several times lower than those of China. There is no way India could be asked to take the same kind of climate actions as China. India has become a victim of this bracketing with China.”
Prabhu said the climate negotiations needed to be viewed as a long-term strategic issue. “It is not just a climate or an environmental issue. It will affect every sector of our economy. This is more important than the WTO negotiations. I think we need to reorient our climate negotiating strategy in the national interest,” he said.
The annual climate change talks due to be held this year in Lima, Peru, are meant to lay the ground for clinching a global climate deal at next year’s conference in Paris.

Two questioned for wearing ISIS T-shirts inJharkhandBy: Press Trust of India | Dhanbad | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:26 am
Two persons, appearing to be in their twenties, were on Wednesday detained for questioning after their T-shirts had inscription of terror outfit ISIS in Dhanbad district of Jharkhand, said police.
“The duo was detained after the photos of the youths were published in the media. Deputy Superintendent of Police Rama Shankar Singh questioned them,” Superintendent of Police Hemant Toppo said.
The police also questioned the painter who drew it, Toppo said, adding that there was no terror-related link found during interrogation.
No FIR has been filed so far, he said.

Government May Allow New Airlines to Fly AbroadYou are here: Home Industries
Government May Allow New Airlines to Fly Abroad
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 05, 2014 23:51 (IST)
Government May Make PAN Must for Registering Charitable Trusts
New Delhi: New Indian airlines may be allowed to fly abroad after completing only one year of domestic service instead of five years, with the government considering amending the rules to enable them do so, official sources said on Wednesday.
The Civil Aviation Ministry is examining a proposal to either completely scrap the rule that allows an Indian carrier to operate international flights only after it has flown domestic for five years and has a 20-aircraft fleet, or change the rules to one year of domestic flying and having a five-plane fleet, they said.
However, such a change or scrapping the rule, popularly called 5/20, would have to be decided upon by the Union Cabinet, they said, without elaborating as to by when this was likely to happen.
A change in the rules would have an immediate impact on carriers like AirAsia India, Air Costa or the proposed Tata-Singapore Airlines joint venture Vistara.
The older carriers have been consistently opposing any change in the 5/20 rule.
In September, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju Pusapathi had met CEOs of all Indian airlines, where four of them - Air India, Jet Airways, IndiGo and SpiceJet - had sought retention of the 5/20 rule.
But Mr Raju had then said, "I don't see a reason why the 5/20 rule should be there. The government cannot keep everyone happy. We will take a call on 5/20 soon."
While the rule came into existence during the UPA-I government headed by Manmohan Singh, the UPA-II had initiated the process of junking it but could not finish the task.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 23:50 (IST)

Mitch McConnell Discusses GOP s Midterm WinsSOON: John Kerry Gives Speech at Saban Forum
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

U.K. to Increase Support to Iraqi Forces Fighting Islamic StateU.K. to Increase Support to Iraqi Forces Fighting Islamic State
Banking & finance  energy PSUs to be future outperformersBanking & finance  energy PSUs to be future outperformers
New civil aviation policy  FDI in 10 rly sectors soonNew civil aviation policy  FDI in 10 rly sectors soon
Punjab NRI Commission slaps notice on HDFC Bank for fraudPunjab NRI Commission slaps notice on HDFC Bank for fraud
Open to sell loss-making PSUs: Arun JaitleyOpen to sell loss-making PSUs: Arun Jaitley
Soundcloud and Warner30
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

More autonomy  not less accountabilityUpdated: November 5, 2014 01:34 IST
More autonomy, not less accountability
R. K. Raghavan
police
The task of injecting more professionalism into the Maharashtra police force is an enormous challenge. The problem may not be one of finding the resources, but primarily one of changing attitudes at the top
There is undeniable euphoria in Maharashtra and elsewhere in the country over the political arrival of Devendra Fadnavis . Having a bubbly fortysomething on the country’s political scene may not exactly be a novelty, but what is striking is that Mr. Fadnavis comes with no baggage that weighs down some others his age already in the arena and who have professed to make a difference. They either allowed themselves to be sucked into the quagmire that is Indian public life, or had not been permitted to perform — even though they possessed the right pedigree — for reasons other than merit, by individuals or groups who felt threatened.
The young and the old alike are both ecstatic about the young leader from Nagpur and have been bowled over by the confidence he exudes and the promise he holds out in transforming the polity in the whole of India, especially in one of its more important States, Maharashtra. Mr. Fadnavis must succeed if we want to bring about a sea change in the quality of our public administration. In our view, having him as an example is something that will definitely rub off on others who are itching to serve the country selflessly.
Politicisation of force
Mr. Fadnavis has the potential to alter the destiny of Maharashtra, provided he works to a plan. He should remain focussed on governance and not allow his energies to be dissipated in futile, controversial public discourses that are easy meat for the Opposition and the media. These are days of high expectations and no consumer of public service is willing to wait to be served. The new Maharashtra Chief Minister no doubt has the supreme advantage of age and a squeaky clean image. This can however dissolve in no time if he does not organise his priorities in an intelligent way or if he unwittingly gives elbow room to the sharks around him.
One of his first moves has been delightfully heartwarming — choosing to keep the Home portfolio to himself . His predecessors had bartered it away for dubious, external political support that came with a tag. The recent history of the State is pockmarked by many unfortunate episodes, which had been the result of politicisation of the police force. The communal riots of 1992-93, the Bombay blasts of 1993, 26/11 and other terrorist attacks in Mumbai and the rest of the State … each stands out for failure or passivity of a police force that was once noted for its commendable professionalism and high standards of integrity.
In dissecting what is wrong with the Maharashtra/Mumbai police, Mr. Fadnavis would greatly benefit from a heart-to-heart chat with a group of retired police officers known for their integrity and track record in objective policing. There are indeed several of them in Mumbai available for an intelligent and pointed debate that we propose as the very first exercise that the Chief Minister should undertake. Many former officers are appalled by the lows to which the police have reached due to widespread corruption and political manipulation that the force has been subjected to. While this may not be very different from what it is in many other police forces in the country, in the case of Mumbai, more than the rest of Maharashtra, the fall has been grievously steep, leading to unforgivable despondence all around.
Need for merit
We must acknowledge that it is not the venal and unscrupulous politician alone who has to be blamed for this sorry situation. A substantial number of police leaders themselves have been more than willing accomplices in recent years.
Two developments have specifically hurt the Mumbai police the most. The self-aggrandisement of the Home Department at the cost of professional police leaders has been colossal. The authority to post even inspectors to various police stations has been usurped by the mandarins in Sachivalaya (State Secretariat), thereby emasculating the Commissioner of Police and destroying the chain of command in a rigid hierarchy that the police is. Worse still is the sale of prized field jobs to the highest bidders. There are incredible tales of venality which would make even the most brazen politician squirm in his seat. Things haven’t changed despite there being many sane and credible voices. Mr. Fadnavis has to restore the primacy of police leadership if it has to deliver. This applies especially to the Mumbai Police Commissioner who should be appointed on merit. In the recent past, some of the appointments to the vital job have resulted in disastrous consequences. The Commissioner’s appointment is fortunately not seniority-driven unlike the DGP’s. So, the Chief Minister has some flexibility in getting to choose the right candidate, even if an officer so anointed is relatively junior to others staking claim to the job solely on the basis of seniority.
A carefully chosen commissioner of police needs enough autonomy to either perform or perish. Constricting his moves by dictating to him on whether a procession should be permitted or banned in Mumbai city cannot be a political decision as is the case now. Remember how a Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) procession was banned by the Commissioner in August 21, 2012? Yet, the party went ahead in organising the rally, and no action was taken against its organisers. Obviously the decision to ban it was at the instance of the political executive over which the Commissioner had no say.
Political interference does not stop with postings. It envelops the recruitment of the constabulary as well. There have been numerous scandals all over the country that have led to dilution of the quality of intake. Many men and women who find a place in the final list are those who have been sponsored either by the Chief Minister or the Home Minister, and had even ‘paid to be favoured.’ This evil is endemic to both the Maharashtra and Mumbai Police, bringing disrepute to the whole process of recruitment.
Restoring credibility
The Central government has been rightly highlighting the need to convert the country into an investor-friendly nation by ensuring a stable public order situation. This cannot happen if India’s financial capital, Mumbai, remains a poorly policed city. A huge investment in technology and processes is called for. Mindless austerity here can cause harm to police standards. Fortunately, there are blueprints available to move things forward. These have remained essentially on paper. There is tremendous talent available within the department to exploit state-of-the-art technology which would sharpen police service to aid victims of crime. What is needed to improve the police image in the city is for swifter professional response to calls for help from citizens in distress and the efficient solving of crime and restoration of stolen property to lawful owners. The Mumbai police have done some creditable work to educate the common man on how to protect himself from crime. There is a case for expanding instruction to the community online as well as through group meetings for citizens. If the new government sends out the message that it will not be statistical in assessing police performance, but would rather go by periodic surveys of community opinion, we can hope to see a free registration of crime, something that would enhance public faith in the police. A crime survey by a non-police agency of the kind that exists in the United States and the United Kingdom will greatly enhance the credibility of the Mumbai police.
Housing
Police morale is a very sensitive aspect of police administration. If neglected, it can lead to disastrous consequences, including deliberate non-cooperation by the police at the grass-roots level during a crisis. One crucial area is the provision of more housing for the constabulary. While it is true that hundred per cent satisfaction of the target of required housing units is not possible because of the continual growth of the force, a substantial number of additional tenements each year will help. It may be shocking for outsiders to know that some policemen in the city live cheek by jowl in slums with persons who have a criminal record. If Mr. Fadnavis has to endear himself to the police community, he has to somehow find the money to expand housing for the police.
The task of injecting more professionalism into the Mumbai police force is an enormous challenge. The infrastructure to build on this exists. The problem may not be one of finding the resources, but primarily one of changing attitudes, both at Sachivalaya and the police headquarters. The much bandied about expression these days, “trust deficiency,” applies very much to the police as well. Mr. Fadnavis can bring about a change where we have a police force that is trustworthy, provided he trusts them and gives them enough operational autonomy. We are certain that he understands that more autonomy for the police does not mean less accountability.
(Dr. R.K. Raghavan is a former CBI Director, and D. Sivanandhan is a former Mumbai Police Commissioner and a former DGP of Maharashtra.)

Flights disrupted  passengers stranded at Sri Lanka airport after strikeBy: Press Trust of India | Colombo | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:25 pm
Over 2,000 passengers were stranded at Sri Lanka’s main airport here for hours after several flights were disrupted due to a strike launched by employees seeking a salary hike.
Four passenger flights that have landed at the airport were kept waiting for several hours as the jet bridges cannot be connected for the passengers to disembark as a result of the strike, sources at the airport said.
The strike that was launched last evening has brought the operations at the Bandaranaike International Airport to a complete halt. According to airport officials, the baggage belts have stopped running and the arriving passengers have faced severe difficulties.
It was reported that about 2,000 passengers were waiting inside the airport for clearance.
Several flight departures were delayed leaving passengers stranded.
The strike was launched by Nidahas Sevaka Sangamaya employees, affiliated to the dominant party of the ruling Sri Lanka Freedom Party.
The strike was later called off. Deepal Perera, a trade union leader said they were demanding a rupees 10,000 pay hike.
“We hope to have discussions on our demand for 10,000 rupee salary increase”, Perera said.
The authorities accused the strikers of disconnecting electricity power supply at the airport.
This has forced the immigration officials to halt electronic operations and work manually, officials said.
The control tower of the airport was operating and could facilitate the landing of inbound flights although the departures are delayed, officials said.
The national carrier Sri Lankan Airlines said two outbound flights to Shanghai and London have been delayed.
Meanwhile, the British High Commission in Colombo advised travellers to check with the airlines before heading to the airport.

Man rams car into crowded train platform in JerusalemThe attack was almost identical to one two weeks ago, also committed by a Palestinian from east Jerusalem, that killed two people. (Source: AP photo/file)
By: Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: November 5, 2014 6:12 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:18 pm
A Palestinian man rammed his car into a crowded train platform in east Jerusalem on Wednesday and then attacked people with an iron bar, killing one person and injuring 13 in what authorities called a terror attack before he was shot dead by the police.
It was the second such attack in the past two weeks, and deepened already heightened tensions between Arabs and Jews in the city. Earlier Wednesday, Israeli police had dispersed dozens of masked Palestinians who threw rocks and firecrackers near a contested holy site in Jerusalem’s Old City.
Ultra-Orthodox Jewish men gather around the body of 22-year-old Ecuadorian Karen Yemima Mosquera who died of wounds suffered in an attack last week by a Palestinian man who drove his car into a crowded Jerusalem train station. (Source: AP photo)
Police said the motorist slammed his car into the train platform in east Jerusalem first, backed out and proceeded to drive away, hitting several cars along the way. He then got out of the car and attacked a group of civilians and police officers on the side of the road with a metal bar before he was shot and killed.
Israeli police said “one person was killed and about a dozen people were injured in the terror attack.”
Police said the 38-year-old Palestinian identified as Ibrahim al-Akri had recently been released from prison after serving time for security offenses.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility by any Palestinian organization but the Islamic militant group Hamas welcomed the attack.
“We praise this heroic operation,” said Hamas official Fawzi Barhoum. “We call for more such … operations.”
Israel’s Minister of Public Security Yitzhak Ahronovich said civilians and police officers were among the wounded. He praised the police officer who neutralized the Palestinian attacker, saying that “a terrorist who attacks civilians deserves to be killed.”
The attack was almost identical to one two weeks ago, also committed by a Palestinian from east Jerusalem, that killed two people, a baby girl and a young woman from Ecuador, at a train platform near the scene of Wednesday’s attack.
Palestinian protesters and Israeli police have been clashing almost daily in east Jerusalem in recent months.
Israel captured east Jerusalem — with its sites sacred to Jews, Muslims and Christians — from Jordan in the 1967 war. Palestinians demand the territory for their future capital. The fate of the area is an emotional issue for Jews and Muslims and its future lies at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Wednesday’s car attack came shortly after clashes in the Old City, where Palestinians threw rocks and firecrackers at police to protest a planned visit to a key holy site by Israeli supporters of a continued…

After Vasan s exit  Chidambarams son now questions Congress leadershipOn its official website, Uber, the high-profile ride-sharing service, claims that it offers the 'safest rides in the world' by 'setting the strictest safety standards possible'. Poll: Are our cities unsafe for women?
SIMPLY PUT
For the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

When death scored thirteenOn its official website, Uber, the high-profile ride-sharing service, claims that it offers the 'safest rides in the world' by 'setting the strictest safety standards possible'. Poll: Are our cities unsafe for women?
SIMPLY PUT
For the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Speculation over cabinet reshuffle  Parrikar for DefenceGoa CM Manohar Parrikar tipped for defence portfolio in cabinet rejig
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 21:03 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 09:52 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Narendra Modi will likely reshuffle and expand his council of ministers on Sunday, with Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar tipped to get the key defence portfolio and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi set to return as a cabinet minister.
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar (L) took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. (Sameer Sehgal/HT File Photo)
The long-awaited revamp of the team that has ruled India since late May will lighten the burden on some ministers who hold more than one portfolio and give the Prime Minister a chance to promote high achievers while getting rid of a few who have failed to keep pace, government and BJP sources said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, who holds additional charge of the defence portfolio, had said early in his tenure that this was only a temporary arrangement.  The 58-year-old Parrikar flew to Delhi early on Wednesday after cancelling a meeting of his state cabinet, and met BJP chief Amit Shah and, later in the day, Modi.
 
“The Prime Minister did not talk about my joining the cabinet; we discussed Goa issues,” he said after meeting Modi. The likely move of the well-regarded chief minister to Delhi will leave the BJP with a big hole to plug in Goa, and party leaders were in discussions about his replacement.
Naqvi, minister of state in the Vajpayee government, is likely to become minister in charge of statistics and planning, the sources said.  His entry will provide the cabinet another prominent Muslim face after minority affairs minister Najma Heptulla.
Jayant Sinha, who holds a Harvard MBA and is the son of former finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is likely to be inducted as minister of state (MoS), either in the defence or finance ministry. Nirmala Sitharaman may be promoted from MoS to cabinet minister, likely in charge of the commerce and industry ministry, and give up her current additional role as MoS in the finance ministry.
Haryana leader Birender Singh, who had crossed over from the Congress to the BJP ahead of the Haryana assembly election, is understood to be in contention for a berth in the council of ministers and is likely to get independent charge of a ministry.
 
BJP youth wing chief Anu-rag Thakur, a Lok Sabha MP from Himachal Pradesh, and Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, who was instrumental in uncovering the coal block scam, are other probable candidates.
Bihar MPs Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a Brahmin, and Giriraj Singh, a Bhumihar, are also said to be serious contenders for a place in the council of ministers.  MPs from Uttarakhand and West Bengal may miss the bus again, said sources.
 
Modi is understood to be considering lightening the burden of some ministers holding more than one portfolio. Ravi Shankar Prasad (law, communication & IT), Prakash Javadekar (I&B and environment), Nitin Gadkari (rural development, road transport & highways, panchayati raj and drinking water) and Piyush Goyal (power, coal, new and renewable energy) are among the ministers who hold multiple portfolios.
 
Speculation is also rife about changes in Rail Bhawan and Krishi Bhawan. Given the PM’s motto of “minimum government, maximum governance”, the sources ruled out any large-scale expansion. Modi’s present team includes 22 cabinet ministers and an equal number of MoS.
(with agency inputs)

Bihar CM Manjhi appoints son-in-law as PAComments
In a controversial action, Bihar chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi has appointed his son-in-law as his Personal Assistant (PA) allegedly violating a rule and another kin as personal staff.
As per a notification of the state Cabinet Secretariat Department issued in June this year, Manjhi appointed his son-in-law Devendra Kumar as his Personal Assistant.
Another Manjhi kin Satyendra Kumar has been appointed as peon.
The appointments of close relatives violate a state Cabinet Secretariat Department order of May 23, 2000 which prohibits ministers to appoint a relative as Personal Assistant.
It says if such appointments have been made it should be quashed immediately, the notification bearing signature of the then Secretary in the Cabinet Secretariat Girish Shankar says.
When a question was put to the chief minister, he tried to play it down.
"Is tarah ke aarop lagte rahte hai. Yah koi issue nahin hai (such allegations are levelled from time to time. This is no issue)," Manjhi told reporters emerging from state Cabinet meeting.
When mediapersons told him that appointments of relatives violates a 2000 order of the government, he said "I will see it".

Its time to decriminalise sex trade: activistsSex workers protesting atrocities against them by the police. File Photo: K. Bhagya Prakash
The HIndu Sex workers protesting atrocities against them by the police. File Photo: K. Bhagya Prakash
TOPICS
prostitution
‘If it is legalised, sex workers can pay tax and work with dignity’
Six days a week, Naina steps out of her modest rented accommodation in Delhi’s Mangolpuri area at 10 a.m. No questions are asked, because her family believes she’s headed to her “office.” They know the office is a non-governmental organisation that conducts “HIV tests,” what they don’t know is that Naina is a sex worker.
She has been in the trade for four years, after her husband stopped working and became an alcoholic. Naina, who is not attached to a brothel, meets clients in a room that is rented on an hourly basis.
“I am worried about the neighbours and children finding out, but what worries me the most is the police. They extort money and sometimes abuse us. If the government were to give us some kind of licence, our life would be easier,” she says.
Successive governments have been cautious in their approach towards legalising sex work even as there have been demands from activists working with the sex workers to “decriminalise” the trade.
Kusum, who works with Naina and is the general secretary of the All India Network of Sex Workers, says it is time for the government to legalise the “oldest trade” and for society to shed its “hypocrisy.”
She welcomes the views of Lalitha Kumaramangalam, chairperson of the National Commission for Women, who recently spoke to The Hindu about the need to consider legalisation or regulation of the trade.
“If it is legalised, sex workers can pay tax and work with dignity. We support Ms. Kumaramangalam for her unbiased approach and positive attitude towards women in general and sex work in particular. Legislation designed for sex workers would help to decriminalise sex work and distinguish between sex work and trafficking,” says Amit Kumar, AINSW national coordinator.
While some activists argue that by recognising sex work as a form of work, sex workers will be entitled to protection under labour rights through appropriate labour legislation, others favour decriminalisation.
Mumbai-based lawyer and activist Kamayani Bali Mahabal pushes for decriminalising sex work instead of legalising it.
“Legalisation will increase state interference in the lives of sex workers,” she warns.
According to her, decriminalisation will help address all forms of exploitation, including abusive, sub-standard or unfair working conditions instituted by both state and non-state actors.
“Sex work must not be equated with sexual exploitation or sex trafficking,” she says.
(This is the first in a series of reports on sex work in India)

Manjhis son-in-law quits as PA afterrowPrint
By: Express News Service | Patna | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:09 am
Bihar Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi on Wednesday was at the centre of a controversy over appointment of his son-in-law Devendra Manjhi as his personal assistant, evoking sharp criticism from the BJP, following which Devandra resigned from the post.
“I have sent my resignation to CM’s personal secretary,” Devendra was quoted as saying by PTI. He said that he has put in his paper as people were pointing a finger over his appointment.
Though the appointment took place soon after Manjhi became CM, the BJP took up the matter Wednesday, calling it a “violation of a 2000 circular” that bars CM, ministers and leader of Opposition from appointing relatives as personal assistants and secretaries.
Devendra, who has an engineering degree from Ranchi, defended himself by saying “he maintained office protocol and was son-in-law at home only”.
(With PTI inputs)

Gujarat plant: FIs back Maruti plan on Suzuki funding  LICundecidedPrint
Written by Sandeep Singh | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:07 am
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd is learnt to have convinced a majority of its institutional investors to back the decision of its parent firm, Japan’s Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC), to directly invest in the upcoming Gujarat car manufacturing plant, a step in the direction of the car major bagging approval of its minority shareholders for the controversial proposal.
State-owned LIC, the largest domestic institutional investor that holds 6.8 per cent stake in the company, however, is the missing link and the life insurance firm is keeping its cards close to its chest.
Two officials associated with two different institutions that have investments in MSIL, told The Indian Express that MSIL had recently held meetings with them and have almost convinced them on the issue by stating that the cash with MSIL will be utilised for product development (customised for India), payment of higher dividends and investment in real estate.
Confirming the meetings with the institutional investors including LIC, chairman of MSIL, RC Bhargava, said that the financial institutions asked the company about utilisation of its cash if SMC was going to invest in Gujarat plant.
“We told that we will invest in developing new products and on their constant upgrades since more and more of that work will now be done in India by MSIL. We also told them that we will invest in real estate as there have been issues with dealers where the land owners put them under pressure by constantly increasing the rent,” said Bhargava, adding that the investors also asked if the company will increase the dividend payout ratio to which MSIL agreed. Stating that that the company has held three meetings with LIC, he said, “They have not expressed their opinion either ways.”
He, however, exuded confidence on getting the decision approved by the minority shareholders when the resolution comes up for voting and that there were no reasons for anybody to vote against it.
“While we haven’t got any feedback from them, a lot of foreign and other institutional investors seemed satisfied and have said that it was a good deal for Maruti and its shareholders,” said Bhargava.
The firm’s board’s recent guideline on dividend payout ratio to keep it between 18 and 30 per cent also seems to be stemming out of the demands made by the institutional investors as the chairman said, “The decision is based on the feedback after meeting with the institutional investors and demand raised by other investors at the AGM (annual general meeting).”
On the decision of buying real estate, Bhargava said that the suggestion came from SMC chairman Osamu Suzuki, who suggested that MSIL develop dealerships for the long-term.
While Suzuki said that MSIL should set up company-owned company-operated dealerships which companies are doing in Japan and some other countries, MSIL felt that that company-owned model may not work here, “But as a middle path we have now said that we will own the land for dealerships. While it will bring stability, it will also help us lock the dealers and ensure that they don’t migrate,” said continued…

Cong shadow groups to keep track of govtmovesPrint
New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:06 am
The Congress has formed seven committees — in other words “shadow ministry groups” — to keep a track of decisions being taken by the Narendra Modi government, which has started to formulate new policies and amend key legislations enacted by the previous UPA regime.
The party had earlier created shadow Twitter handles to track each ministry and sector.
Almost all the panels are headed by former ministers and their mandate is to follow up on the legislations enacted and policies formulated by the government. Sources said the panels will be a “permanent fixture” and their inputs are expected to help the Congress form its strategies, both inside and outside Parliament.
Sources said A K Antony is leading the panel on the ministries of defence, home, law and justice. Former minister Ashwani Kumar and Youth Congress president Rajeev Satav are members of this panel.
The party has been accusing the government of trying to dilute many of the UPA’s ambitious schemes and legislations, including the MGNREGA and the land acquisition act.
It has picked former food minister K V Thomas to head the group on rural development and environment and forests. Former minister Jairam Ramesh and Kaliabor MP Gaurav Gogoi are members of this panel.
The panel on labour and railways has been formed under Mallikarjun Kharge with Oscar Fernandes and Supaul MP Ranjeet Ranjan as its members. The Congress has opposed the government’s privatisation plans in Railways and relaxation in labour laws.
The commerce, finance, external affairs and I&B group is being led Veerappa Moily with former commerce minister Anand Sharma and Jyotiraditya Scindia as its members. Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad is heading the panel on Health and Family Welfare and Women and Child Development. J D Seelam and Kodikunnil Suresh are its members.
Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh has been made in-charge of the group on agriculture and drinking water and sanitation. He is the only non-UPA minister to head a panel. The members of this group are Ashok Chavan and Ninong Ering.
The group on HRD, Panchayati Raj and Northeastern region is chaired by Mani Shankar Aiyar and Bhalchandra Mungekar and Sushmita Dev are its members.

After coal  reforms in other natural resources on the cards  saysJaitleyPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:04 am
The Union mines ministry on Wednesday said that deliberations on fixing the financial and technical parameters for auction of iron ore and bauxite mining leases is underway and would soon approach the Union Cabinet for approval.
The ministry’s announcement followed finance minister Arun Jaitley’s address at the India Economic Summit where he announced that the government is working out a plan for auctioning iron ore, bauxite and other mines.
Jaitley said that the government was looking at ending discretion and bringing in fairness in allocation of mineral blocks, which has begun with the ordinance on coal blocks. “I can tell you with regard to other minerals we are about to undertake a similar reforms,” he said.
The Indian Express had reported on Wednesday that the government has finalised a list 31 mining leases for iron ore and bauxite mines to be auctioned by April 2015.
These mines have been fully explored and the quantum of mineralisation ascertained by state-run exploration agencies. With over 60,000 mining leases pending with the Central and state governments, the Union mines ministry is learnt to have decided to auction around 150 leases next year.
According to a blueprint drafted by the mines ministry, the bidders for the mining leases would be evaluated based on their experience, technical expertise, financial strength, required manpower, investment proposed by them, value addition proposals and finally the financial bids.
The government is likely to allow only those end users who have proposed to set up projects and have shown commitment towards their plans.
The financial bid will focus on a price discovery mechanism wherein the intrinsic value of the mineral would be captured through the discounted cash flow approach.
Policy to help people resume education on the anvil: Irani
New Delhi: The government is set to launch a ‘credit-equivalent transfer system’ on November 11 that will help individuals resume their studies if they had left mid-way for jobs.
The government is also planning to come out with a new education policy next year, human resource development minister Smriti Irani said at the India Economic Summit on Wednesday.
Terming the absence of the credit transfer system as a challenge, Irani said the new system would help transfer of credit from one educational institution to another.
“I was a working professional who fell out of the education system because I wanted to retain my job,” she said, adding, that universities have been advised to have a seamless system. The new system would be from class IX onwards to begin with and in January 2015 it would be for up to PhD programmes.

New York mom guilty of manslaughter in sonsdeathA health care millionaire who fatally drugged her developmentally disabled son was convicted of manslaughter.
By: Associated Press | New York | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:02 am
A health care millionaire who fatally drugged her developmentally disabled son was convicted of manslaughter on Wednesday in what her defense portrayed as a mercy killing by a mother trying to escape a labyrinth of fear and despair.
Gigi Jordan had been charged with murder after her 8-year-old son’s death in a pill-strewn luxury hotel room in February 2010. Jurors found her guilty of the lesser charge of manslaughter after her lawyers argued she was overcome by emotion when she killed Jude Mirra and tried to kill herself.
She faces up to 25 years in prison. The murder charge could have put her behind bars for life. Her sentencing hasn’t been set, but she’s due back in court in January.
The jury has “held the defendant accountable for killing her non-verbal, autistic child. Gigi Jordan showed no mercy to her son, and should receive none at the time of her sentencing,” Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said in a statement.
Her lawyer Earl Ward said, “This was never a case of murder and the jury after careful and thoughtful deliberation arrived at that very conclusion.”
A nurse who made an estimated $40 million as a medical entrepreneur, Jordan left her career to seek care around the country for her nearly mute, often tormented-seeming son. He was initially diagnosed autistic, though she has said other medical explanations followed, as varying as immune-system disorders and post-traumatic stress disorder.
Prosecutors said Jordan, 53, killed the boy with chilling determination, plunging a deadly combination of painkillers and other medications down his throat with a syringe, because she couldn’t handle knowing his condition would never be cured.
“Instead of focusing on the gift that was Jude Mirra, instead of focusing on the laughter and the happiness, all she could see was the disability and the challenges, and she couldn’t accept it,” Manhattan Assistant District Attorney Matthew Bogdanos said in a closing argument.
A friend of Jordan’s testified that Jordan had talked about taking her own life and Jude’s about three years before she did, saying she would “end it” if a new set of treatments didn’t help.
Bogdanos called the killing “deliberate, planned, calculated,” noting that as Jude lay dying or dead, Jordan transferred money out of a trust fund for him and arranged to extend her hotel stay.
But Jordan’s lawyers said she acted out of a conviction as real to her as it might seem remote to others: that her life was in danger because one of her ex-husbands wanted her dead to keep her from airing claims of financial malfeasance, and that her death would leave Jude defenseless against another man she says had sexually abused him.
“I couldn’t see any way out of the situation,” except killing herself and Jude, she testified.
Both men have denied Jordan’s claims, and neither has continued…

Das offered Rs 100 cr for return to RS:MayawatiPrint
Written by Ramendra Singh | Lucknow | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:02 am
BSP chief Mayawati on Wednesday said that Rajya Sabha member Akhilesh Das, who resigned from the party two days ago, had offered her Rs 100 crore to renominate him to the Upper House. Das hit back, saying that Mayawati takes Rs 50 lakh to offer a ticket in a reserved Assembly constituency and Rs 1 crore in a general constituency.
“Akhilesh Das met me in Delhi and pleaded that there is no one for him except me. He said that money is required to run a party, especially when the party is not in power, and offered to give Rs 100 crore to the party fund if I repeated him in Rajya Sabha. But I said I will not repeat him in the interest of the party even if he offered Rs 200 crore,” said Mayawati when asked about Das’s resignation.
She claimed that the BSP is run by the “small contributions” made by party workers and supporters from their “hard-earned money” and not from the wealth of businessmen, industrialists and capitalists — the way BJP, Congress and other parties function.
She said that Das had come to BSP from the Congress and had levelled serious allegations against Congress and party vice-president Rahul Gandhi at that time. “He asked me to trust him. He said, ‘If you will have mercy of sending me to RS, I will work to connect Vaishya community to the BSP’. I sent him to RS but he not only failed to connect the Vaishya community with the BSP, he did not even attend Parliament sessions,” she said.
Later in the day, Das said he did not offer any money to Mayawati. “It was a talk between me and her, so it cannot be proved if I offered money or she demanded it. But everyone knows about the BSP in the country and even in America,” he said.
Das claimed that Mayawati takes Rs 50 lakh from each candidate for a ticket from a reserved constituency and Rs 1 crore from candidates contesting from general seats. “This is how candidates are being decided for 2017 Assembly polls. Before elections in Maharashtra and Haryana too, each MLA and MP was asked to give Rs 10 lakh but I did not give it,” he said.

With Gadkari away  MNREGS changes yet to take shapeNew Delhi, November 5, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 10:43 IST
With Gadkari away, MNREGS changes yet to take shape
Anumeha Yadav
The Hindu Union Minister for Rural Development Nitin Gadkari has proposed that MGNREGS be restricted to only tribal and poor areas — 2500 blocks of all States. File photo
TOPICS
social services
With the Minister travelling — first to Maharashtra for Assembly polls and to other States related to his other portfolios — there had been no further communication from him on the proposed changes.
While heated debates on the proposed change to MNREGA are on among policy-makers, academics, activists, there has been little movement on any decision on the proposals.
Officials in the Ministry of Rural Development said the Minister of Rural Development Nitin Gadkari's proposal that MGNREGS be restricted to only tribal and poor areas — 2500 blocks of all States — is still under consideration in the PMO. His second proposal that the permissible labour to material ratio of expenses be changed from the current 60:40 to 51:49 is being examined by the Ministry of Finance.
With Mr. Gadkari travelling — first to Maharashtra for the Assembly elections, and to other States related to his other portfolios of Road Transport, Highways and Shipping — there had been no further communication from the Minister on the proposed changes, said officials. Ministry of Finance officials said the proposal was yet to be considered.
Earlier, in October, an internal note from the Minister’s office had criticised the MNREGS in its current form, including how “procurement of machinery through transparent contractual procedures even for large skilled component of works like irrigation canals is not permitted.
“The scheme was allowed to be exploited for purely partisan purposes in states like Andhra Pradesh. It is necessary that the scheme be converted into a popular movement aimed at zero-unemployment in villages, Hamara Gaon Hamara Rozgaar Hamara Vikas! or similar slogans may inspire villages… there may be training or orientation for job seekers... could be linked to skilled development such as training for masonry or electrician,” read the note.
Commenting on the announcements made by the Minister on the proposed changes, officials in the MoRD had, however, pointed out that the Minister’s proposal to increase the limits for spending on material could lead to entry of contractors and corruption, even as it may reduce the availability of funds for spending on wages.
A note by MoRD official on August 3, 2014 had calculated that the proposed changes may shrink the scheme, accessed by the poorest rural population, reducing the person days by 40 per cent from 220 crore person days to 136 crore person days. “By using nearly half the budgetary resources towards material, and restricting fund availability towards wages, central government may have to provide additional resources for wages, which may amount to Rs 20,000 crores,” MoRD officials supervising MNREGS had written.to the Minister after which the proposal was sent to the Ministry of Finance for its consideration.
“The material intensive works demand a higher order of organizational skills brought in only by contractors.. In the past employment schemes, this had led to entry of benami contractors,” noted the MoRD officials. Ministry data shows that in 2013-14, States spent 26.6 per cent of MGNREGS funds on material. In 2012-13, this was 27.7 per cent, much lower than even the current permissible upper limit of 40 percent.
Activists have argued that restricting the MNREGA to only 2500 blocks will alter the character of and kill the MNREGA reducing it from a rights-based Act to a dole-based scheme, and that it is discriminatory to the rural poor across the country.

Subirdia  author on how to coexist with birds'Subirdia' author on how to coexist with birds
Cedar waxwing
Cedar waxwing (Bob Fila, Chicago Tribune)
By Richard Asa, Chicago Tribune
Birds among us: Ornithologist offers advice on nurturing, protecting our feathered friends
Ornithologist's new book, 'Subirdia,' explores our relationship with birds in suburbs and urban areas
Impassioned ornithologist John Marzluff has combed the United States — specifically the suburbs that ring large cities — to research what our feathered friends are up to. The result, "Welcome to Subirdia: Sharing Our Neighborhoods with Wrens, Robins, Woodpeckers and Other Wildlife" (Yale University Press), is surprising, uplifting and somewhat cautionary.
Marzluff, who is based at the University of Washington, starts the book in his own backyard on the outskirts of Seattle, where at 3 a.m. on a frigid January morning, he listens to two great horned owls exchange interrogatory territorial calls that happen to sound literal. Whoooo, says one, and in the distance the other asks the same.
Northern cardinal
A cardinal stops for a bite.
A cardinal stops for a bite. (John Smierciak, Chicago Tribune)
In his well-researched book, he tells us what those of us living in urban areas can observe steps from our back doors, how it has worked out that way and how to enhance bird diversity and numbers. This is an edited version of our conversation.
Q: The wordplay in the book title is deliberately suggestive. What does that tell readers they should expect inside?
A: I hope it says that where they live is pretty darn rich in birds — in the variety, abundance and activity of the birds in that area.
Q: Would most people who read your book be surprised by what they learn?
A: I think they would, and that's really the point for me — to encourage people to get out and look and not just ignore the richness around them, or feel that they have to go to the ends of the Earth to see nature, and birds specifically.
Q: You mention in the book that despite the overall loss of biodiversity we still have a lot to celebrate. So you're saying that things aren't as dire as people might think?
8
A: I don't want to downplay the losses that have occurred and probably will accelerate in the future. But on the flip side, it's important to understand that a lot of animals, especially birds because of their mobility and their general lifestyles, are able to live with us and exploit and adapt to our activities.
Q: Your breakdown of birds as exploiters, adaptors and avoiders makes it easier to understand what's happening in suburban ecosystems. How do those designations take form?
A: The avoiders, it's pretty easy to grasp that. They're the ones that don't do well with us. When we occupy certain places on Earth those are the species that drop out. Warblers are the classic avoiders. We do gain species that can adapt to our actions, like the junco, so the overall diversity increases. The exploiters are a pretty small group but are absolutely closely tied to our presence, and those are birds that tend to have house or barn in their name, like the house sparrow.
Q: From the perspective of the book, classic sprawling English lawns must drive you crazy.
A: They kill me. If there's one thing we can do to increase the ability of other animals to live in the places we do it's to get rid of lawns. A little patch here and there for robins or for us to play soccer on is fine, but it is just out of control. That's the message. That's not subirdia. That's suburbia. But that's what could be converted for a lot of win-win. People could spend less time on lawns, less energy and generate greater carbon storage. Almost anything about the lawn comes out as a negative for the environment.
Q: Are you familiar with the Chicago area in regard to bird life?
A. Chicago has done some great things. They have a very strong awareness program (Lights Out Chicago sponsored by the Audubon Society) for bright light (on tall buildings to reduce bird collisions). There's been a change in that behavior, and that will certainly help a lot of migratory birds.
0
Q: Where does the Chicago area's ecosystem fit in the context of your book?
A. It's a really important one. It's at this interface of forest and grassland, plus has a big lake, so there's a huge migratory route there that a lot of species require and therefore come in close contact with residents. You have grassland species very close by; prairie chickens typically have declined with our activities, but some, like grouse and quail, can do quite well with our disturbance.
You also have the Chicago Wilderness Initiative there, which really has provided a lot of important remnants of habitat within the city and suburbs, and that's the real key to increasing diversity. Go to those places and you can see all manner of birds. And by having those birds around you also get spillover into the neighborhoods.
You have aquatic, forest and Great Plains species there, plus development has included a valuing of green space for people, but also for the animals that utilize them. By maintaining the unique and interesting habitats around your area, more prairie and meadow habitats, that's what's key.
Q: How big of a problem are domestic cats?
A: It's got to be the No. 1 problem in terms of (bird deaths). The whole idea is to increase the size of the habitat in which birds can live with us, and then take out the limiting factors — and No. 1 in order of magnitude is the house cat. The median average (of birds killed by house cats) is 2.4 billion. Keep your house cats in the house. Even if they get out and don't kill birds, just their presence will reduce the birds' tending of their nests.
Q: You list nine commandments for people if they want to support bird life. What's the common thread running across those?
A: It's more like three threads:
Increase the habitat. The more native the better, but it doesn't have to be all native. And increase the connections of those habitats. So, habitat first.
Reducing mortality is second: That's the cats and (bird collisions with) windows and lights that are well-documented hazards.
Third, get out there and enjoy the nature around you and bond with it so you will care for it.
Sustainability is all about people and their attitudes, wonder and care, and their understanding of the benefits of having wildlife around, which is economic as well as social and aesthetic. We did a study here in Seattle and found that people spend $120 million a year on bird food, feeders and nest boxes. And that's just what the people we asked told us. One in every five people in the U.S. feeds birds.
Here birdie, birdie!
The U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service has a bounty of information on birds, and what homeowners and gardeners can do to protect and attract migratory as well as year-round species, at fws.gov/migratorybirds (type "home for birds" in the search field). Included on the site are the best bird feeders for specific species.
To learn how to prevent bird collisions with windows (the cause of millions of avian deaths), go to another great site, The Cornell Lab of Ornithology ( birds.cornell.edu and type "window collisions" in the search field).
Garden bounty

Sorry  Saving Money Won t Make You RichSorry, But Saving Money Won't Make You Rich
Posted:
reddit
If you think you can save your way to wealth, you’re wrong. Spending less than you make is not the path to riches. Instead, wealth comes and goes as asset prices -– real estate, stocks, and bonds -– rise and fall.
This is why most Americans have no shot at ever being wealthy, while the already-wealthy people who own those assets just keep getting wealthier.
Investor and blogger Steve Roth recently crunched government data and found that household saving -- whatever income people have left over after their spending -- has little effect on boosting wealth.
Charted, Roth’s conclusion looks like this:
The huge red swings -- representing major asset classes like stocks and real estate -- dominate the up and downs of household wealth. The tiny sliver that is saving is small -- and, Roth notes, getting relatively smaller. (Note that saving, in this case, does not include the capital gains people get from selling assets for a profit.)
Letting speculation work for you, not saving, is how wealth is truly built in America. Net worth is tied to the market value of some illiquid things (houses) and some liquid things (stocks, bonds).
Saving money isn’t necessarily a bad idea. It can help you in lots of ways. But, in the aggregate, it’s not how we get rich.
Recent years have shown just how misleading and harmful homilies like “work hard. Spend a little. Save the difference. Let your assets work for you,” from the Motley Fool , are: misleading because saving is not the primary way wealth is accumulated; harmful because people when saving fails, people think they are the failure.
If you’ve internalized that advice, it’s hard not to feel like a failure. American incomes have finally halted their decade of decline with a year of stagnation . Wages are flat . Home prices, we found out, can go down as well as up. They’re recovered in some places, but many people saw most of their wealth disappear in the housing crisis. The stock market has been on a tear, of course. But that has meant rising wealth for a very small group .
Millions of Americans missed out on the wealth-spinning party by selling when stocks were low, or by being unable to afford to invest at all. Saving money won't come close to helping them make up that wealth.
More:

Comcast inks deal to simplify drop-off of old cable boxesComcast Corporation
Xfinity customers can drop off equipment for free at UPS stores
Comcast said on Tuesday it made a deal with UPS to allow its Xfinity customers to drop off company equipment at any of the 4,400 UPS Stores nationwide.
Comcast said the equipment can be returned without wrapping or a box and that UPS would ship it for free to Comcast. As an added bonus, UPS will give customers a tracking number.
"This is all about convenience for our customers," Tom Karinshak, Comcast Cable's senior vice president of customer service, said in a statement.

ReWork: Rethinking Work and Well-beingreddit
To be "a driving force for social, environmental and economic benefit." That's not something we normally associate with the business world, but that's the purpose of a group called The B Team , a nonprofit founded in 2012 by Richard Branson and Jochen Zeitz, with the mission "to catalyse a better way of doing business for the well-being of people and the planet." Normally, being assigned to the "B" team isn't something to be happy about, but I'm thrilled to be a part of this one, along with business leaders, healthcare experts, academics, NGO leaders and entrepreneurs. As part of the effort, I formed a Well-Being Committee, and last Tuesday several members, along with a host of others, met as part of Virgin Unite's People Innovation Gathering. The purpose was to share stories about what's working, learn from each other and come up with ideas on how to move forward, scale up successes and broaden the effort. I came away truly inspired, amazed by how much remarkable work is being done by companies and research institutions.
The day made me more convinced than ever that the global shift in the way we work is gaining momentum. All over the world, more and more businesses are realizing how deeply connected the health of their long-term bottom line is with the long-term health and well-being of their employees. In the United States, the portion of large and midsized employers that now offer their employees access to stress-reduction programs of some kind stands at 35 percent and growing. Well-being is no longer some new-agey concept we hear about only from lifestyle outlets. It's now a daily presence both in sports pages and in business magazines. Well-being has migrated from marginal to mainstream, finally coming to be seen for what it is: the best way, indeed the only way, to maximize not just happiness and fulfillment but productivity, creativity and, yes, profit. It's the only sustainable way forward, not just for individuals but for companies, communities and the planet.
Though change is afoot, we are still paying a heavy price for conducting business as usual. According to a study by the Milken Institute , the cost, in terms of lost productivity, to the U.S. economy due to chronic, stress-related conditions like cancer, heart disease and diabetes comes in at a staggering $1.1 trillion. On the flip side, a study out of Harvard found that for every dollar a company spends on wellness programs, it makes back $3.27 in the form of lower health costs, and the equivalent of $2.73 in reduced absenteeism.
So we know what the problem is, and we know the solution. The goal now is to accelerate the journey from awareness to action, from knowing to doing. And that's what Tuesday was all about. In addition to sessions on well-being, there were sessions on making the business case for change, increasing diversity, changing the language of business and new approaches to work, like how to bring more joy into the workplace.
Making the business case was based on the fact -- increasingly supported by study after study -- that when companies invest in their employees' well-being, everybody, including the company, wins. And there is no limit to the ways companies can do this; to paraphrase Tolstoy, every happy company is happy in its own way. For instance, Rich Sheridan, CEO of the software company Menlo Innovations, told us how Menlo employees are encouraged to communicate with each other not via Gchat but via "high-speed voice technology ... hardware pre-installed at birth": the human voice. And Virgin Hotels spends as much time and money on its employee app, where employees can be seen and heard, as it does on its consumer app.
"Most researchers study negative, deviant behavior," said Sheridan, but "let's not try to figure out what's broken and how to fix it; let's see what's working and replicate."
Part of preparing the way to change how we do business is changing the way we talk about doing business. The session on this topic, led by Jim Carroll, the chairman of the advertising agency Bartle Bogle Hegarty, questioned why our business language is dominated by war metaphors. This is no trivial matter. Language, of course, allows us to express ourselves, but it can also limit us in subtle ways, and the menu from which we choose the language to talk about an issue can guide how we act and how we interact with others. So why do so many business leaders choose from a menu of violent military and war metaphors, the prime example being, as Jim pointed out, The Art of War by Sun Tzu, who famously wrote that "all warfare is based on deception"? Writing on The Huffington Post , Carroll took issue with how useful that is in the modern business world. "[I]n the era of transparency is it helpful to characterize commerce as deceit?" he asked. "Surely army analogies are somewhat anachronistic in the age of fluid partnerships and constant collaborations; at a time when we are seeking to demonstrate the social value of business; in a culture that yearns for sustainability, that wants to leave the planet better than it found it."
And he also pointed out in the session that for millennials, this language is particularly dated. They want "creative, collaborative, innovative, inclusive, joyful, diverse ... thoughtful" work environments, he said, and they want to work at companies that value "teamwork, diversity ... ethics and responsibility."
So this is a way we can all change business in our own individual way: by changing the way we talk about it. For example, how about we stop congratulating colleagues by exclaiming, "You're killing it!"?
I moderated the well-being session, and it was inspiring to hear about the many ways that companies around the world are investing in their futures by investing in their employees.
Lori Hiltz, the North American CEO of the Paris-based advertising firm Havas and a member of the Well-Being Committee, described how Havas employees can have lunch anywhere except at their desks.
Jenn Mann, Vice President of HR at the software company SAS, talked about how committed SAS is to helping their employees experience meaning and happiness at work. "When employees leave the office," she said, "we expect them to be with their families. We don't expect them to be on email." The result is a turnover rate of under 4 percent, well below the industry standard of around 15 or 20 percent.
Chad Dickerson, the CEO of Etsy and another member of the Well-Being Committee, said he took inspiration from the nation of Bhutan and their famous "gross national happiness" index . Working with researchers from the University of Pennsylvania's Positive Psychology Center, Etsy administered a happiness survey to all its employees. As Dickerson put it, "once you start measuring, it's easier to improve." The results were included in Etsy's Values & Impact Annual Report , which has been cited by numerous employees with competing job offers as the reason they chose Etsy. I also love how Etsy is reimagining work and helping people turn their hobbies into careers. And as Dickerson said, "reimagining commerce means reimagining the way companies work." Etsy employees have access to a "breathing room" and can attend "Etsy School" or teach a course on one of their passions. Classes have included juggling, meditation, screen printing and -- my favorite -- "therapeutic doodling." And they're even given a stipend to spend on Etsy to personalize their workspaces!
Felix Stellmaszek, Managing Director at the the Boston Consulting Group (BCG), talked about the temptation in his industry for people to work very long hours -- especially for women, who don't see enough role models of sustainable worklife at the top.  But BCG could see the direct connection between this kind of burnout and suboptimal results for clients, so the firm launched the "Red Zone Report," which gets issued to an employee's manager when the employee puts in more than 60 hours a week for five straight weeks. The manager can then make the necessary adjustments. At the beginning of new cases, project teams discuss their goals -- in terms of client impact, personal growth and sustainability.  Employees are given predictable time off, and those employees on their way in can delay their start date by six months and volunteer at a nonprofit, for which they'll receive $10,000. The firm invested $14 million in worklife initiatives in 2013. And BCG consultants can be assigned to social-impact projects; there's actually an associate working with The B Team. Now BCG is often ranked as one of the top companies to work for. "It helps both with recruiting and retention," said Stellmaszek.
There are also more and more initiatives, often housed in universities, devoted to encouraging changes in the workplace and shining a light on what's working. Eileen McNeely, who was at our gathering, is the co-founder and director of the Sustainability and Health Initiative for NetPositive Enterprise (or SHINE) at the Harvard School of Public Health. The group helps businesses measure the ways they contribute to personal sustainability. She told us about the well-being index SHINE is working on and hoping to pilot in some companies this fall just as ways have been developed to measure a company's environmental sustainability. And Caitlin Weaver, who just launched the NYU Mindfulness in Business Initiative -- a collaboration between NYU's Stern School of Business and Global Spiritual Life at NYU -- shared how 130 students came to the launch event, and how there's been an outpouring of interest for a faculty mindfulness program as well.
To capture all this work being done, we've launched a dedicated section on The Huffington Post, ReWork: Rethinking Work and Well-being . Here you'll find success stories, news about what's working, innovative programs, case studies and the latest data about the many positive business effects of well-being and sustainable work practices. And we hope you will share your stories with us. Does your workplace enhance or hinder your well-being? How could it be better? If you're an employer, what steps have you put in place to make your own workplace more sustainable for your employees?
Since our workplace culture is driving so much of the epidemic of stress we all feel overwhelmed by, it's going to be our workplaces that will accelerate the changes already underway. More and more people are realizing that they don't have to put their humanity on hold when they leave for work, that they're more than their résumés and that a sense of well-being and success doesn't have to come at the cost of burnout. And more and more companies are realizing that investing in their employees' well-being is also good for business.
Follow Arianna Huffington on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ariannahuff
More:

Wisdom in Business Starts with Taking a Whole Systems Approachreddit
I was fortunate to attend Wisdom 2.0 Business in New York last week, traveling from Sydney, Australia, to explore the question: What does wisdom look like in business? On reflection, for me wisdom is made up of a body of knowledge and experience which is best understood taking a whole systems approach. This key conference insight was triggered after Otto Scharmer's session 'From Ego to Eco system.'
To visualise this, I have mapped the key conference themes to Ken Wilber's Four Quadrant Integral Model* (A Brief History of Everything, 1996) which we use regularly at IECL where I work.
*This four quadrant matrix contains an internal and external dimension. The internal dimension is the realm of the mind - the values, beliefs and thoughts that comprise the personality of the individual, and those that comprise the culture of the collective. The external dimension is the realm of action and behaviour. What is external is the outward manifestation of the internal, and can be readily seen or observed (IECL, 2014).
I will now touch on these themes....
Giving vs. Taking
Adam Grant (author of Give and Take) explored three reciprocity styles -- giving, taking and matching. His research shows givers are both the top and bottom performing in organisations. So helping others can accelerate or sink your career depending on your self-ambition. He describes takers (kiss up, kick down) as rising and then falling quickly once they get a reputation. Matchers (karma police) meanwhile protect themselves from exploitation.
Tip: Get the right people on the bus -- weed out the takers who suppress others giving
Word of Caution: Watch out for agreeable takers who are the fakers -- there is little correlation between agreeability and giving, including disagreeable givers!
Mindfulness - Responding Wisely vs. Reacting Blindly
The conference explored the opportunities and challenges of embracing the present moment in a fast paced world (mindfulness New York style). If people can practice mindfulness in the high energy city that never sleeps it is possible anywhere! I won't go into the benefits of mindfulness as they are well researched and published. Instead I will share a snapshot of my standout presenter, Dan Harris , ABC News co-anchor.
Dan shared his mindfulness journey after having a panic attack live on air. Some of his anecdotes I noted included: "Meditation is like sports, one type is mindfulness which is like bicep curls for the brain."
and "We spend so much time on our bodies, homes, cars -- why not on our brain?"
Tip: The purposeful pause, at any point in our day we can stop, breathe and choose how we respond to any given situation.
Personal Insight: Through my own mindfulness journey I have found myself calmer, more purposeful, patient and connected to those around me.
Embracing Diversity beyond What You Can See
Kruti Patel Goyal shared that when you feel different and excluded this takes up mindshare and labelled it 'diversity tax.' She explored an aspect of diversity I had never thought about; the dimensions of diversity you can't see, i.e. the university your degree is from.
Tip: When recruiting, hire for shared values and priorities versus subjective measures (i.e. mirror of me).
Challenge: Be mindful of diversity dimensions we can and can't see to limit the diversity tax by our actions.
Compassion for Resilience
A panel led by Sharon Salzberg started by dispelling the myth that compassion is weak and passive and that it is a gateway to resilience which takes courage and is trainable! My key insight here was "Self compassion is not selfish, it's very hard to give from a place of depletion."
Tip: You can train compassion through meditation and getting enough sleep!
Challenge: Wish that person who is on your 'difficult' list well from an authentic place.
Creating Space for Creativity and Innovation
Andy Berndt from Google shared how he creates the space for creativity and innovation by allowing his team to be their random, odd selves. He listens to them, asking who they are and what they have to say.
Tip: Mad access to everything encourages innovation.
Personal Insight: Creativity is making bridges between facts -- nothing new exists in the world.
Initiating Relationship Repair -- Co-mindfulness
A panel discussion led by Eileen Fisher explored the notion of co-mindfulness -- a quality of love, connection, trust and caring. To help create an environment of trust and safety it is important to initiate and repair existing broken relationships. This takes courage; willingness to hug a porcupine!
Tip: Listen intently, hold your tongue until they have finished their emotional story.
Challenge: Can you initiate relationship repair at work or with your family?
Purposeful Work
Marie Forleo shared how too many people are financially rich yet spiritually bankrupt. So, what to do? Find out what you love and merge it. For Marie this is her love of life and business coaching, fitness, writing and hip hop via her own You Tube channel.
Tip: Understand 'Urgent versus important.' Important = your purpose, family, health. Urgent = loud things like text messages, emails and social media. Leave these until the end of the day.
Word of Caution: Even if you love something you need to get passionate about the business side to make it a viable livelihood.
Quote from Marie:
"Your gift does matter, only you are here to give it. If you don't you're stealing from those who need it most".
Inspiring words to bring this post to a close! Wow what an event! I'm left thinking a lot... is co-mindfulness the next frontier?... What does wisdom mean to me personally?... Why don't we teach mindfulness and compassion in more schools?
I do feel grateful that we are in a generation with some extraordinary goodness in the world. Would love to hear any thoughts and comments on the themes explored or anything else you feel relevant, or not in the spirit of creativity!
Follow Dani Matthews on Twitter: www.twitter.com/matthews_dani
More:

Bank of China targets US with $3bn bondBank of China targets US investors with Basel III bond
Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/89097b7a-64a5-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Toyota Motor upgrades full year forecastAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

As it happened: US 2014 midterm electionsRemember me on this computer
Sign in

Md. governors raceBy John Wagner and Jenna Johnson November 5 Follow @WPJohnWagner Follow @wpjenna
Republican businessman Larry Hogan pulled off a stunning upset in heavily Democratic Maryland on Tuesday, winning the governor’s race against Lt. Gov. Anthony G. Brown by relentlessly promising to roll back tax increases and chart a new direction for the state.
Shortly after midnight, Brown conceded a race that he lost despite the strong support of the state’s Democratic establishment and visits to Maryland in the closing weeks of the campaign by President Obama, first lady Michelle Obama, former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Hogan’s victory — a repudiation of the eight-year tenure of Gov. Martin O’Malley (D) — means that Annapolis will return to divided government for the first time since 2006. It remains to be seen how much Hogan and his running mate, Lt. Gov.-elect Boyd Rutherford, will be able to accomplish with a Democratic-controlled legislature. Their victory sent a strong message that Marylanders had grown weary of the tax increases enacted under O’Malley, which Hogan harped on throughout the campaign.
“Wow, what a historic night in Maryland,” Hogan said to a screaming crowd at his victory party in Annapolis . “They said it couldn’t be done here in Maryland. But together, we did it.”
Hogan said he received “a very gracious call” from Brown, and he asked his supporters to give a round of applause to the lieutenant governor and to O’Malley. Instead, they chanted, “Larry! Larry! Larry!” Hogan also said he received a phone call from New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R), who visited Maryland four times on his behalf.
Hogan’s path to the Md. governor’s office View Graphic
Hogan’s path to the Md. governor’s office
Hogan, the owner of an Anne Arundel County real estate business, had argued that electing Brown would be tantamount to giving O’Malley a third term . Touting his private-sector negotiating skills, Hogan has pledged to do more to work with Democratic legislative leaders than the state’s previous GOP governor, Robert L. Ehrlich Jr., who had an acrimonious four years in Annapolis.
With more than 90 percent of precincts reporting, Brown was winning handily in Montgomery and Prince George’s counties, and he was well ahead in the city of Baltimore. But turnout appeared fairly low in those populous jurisdictions. And Hogan led everywhere else, including in the Baltimore suburbs. That was the region that in 2002 paved the way to victory for Ehrlich, who hired Hogan as a member of his Cabinet.
“Tonight, we fell short of our campaign goals,” Brown told supporters at what turned out to be a subdued gathering at the University of Maryland at College Park. “It was a tough campaign. But it was tough because there’s a lot at stake, a lot worth fighting for.”
Brown, the son of a Jamaican father and a Swiss mother, was attempting to become the first African American governor of Maryland and only the third elected anywhere in the nation. He would also have been Maryland’s first lieutenant governor to ascend to the state’s top job.
Instead, he faced some of the same difficulties as other deputies who have sought a promotion from voters. After spending eight years in the shadows, he struggled to distinguish himself from O’Malley and provide a rationale for his election.
Rather than offering voters a strong vision for what he would do in office, Brown focused much of his campaign on telling the public that Hogan had a “dangerous” agenda , particularly on social issues.
Hogan attracted enough Democratic votes to prevail in a state where Republicans are outnumbered more than 2-to-1 in party registration. And he did so despite being outspent by Brown. Hogan is the first candidate elected governor after opting into the state’s public financing system , which limited direct spending by his campaign to about $2.6 million during the general election — about half of what Brown raised.
Both campaigns benefited from millions in spending by the state parties and partisan groups working to elect governors nationwide. In an appearance at a rally Sunday night in Baltimore, Christie, chairman of the Republican Governors Association, predicted that Hogan would pull off the biggest upset in the country Tuesday.
Many voters interviewed at the polls seemed to be enduring, rather than enjoying, the election, often showing more interest in defeating one of the nominees than in helping the other to victory.
Brown supporters, in many cases, expressed satisfaction with O’Malley, while supporters of Hogan were harshly critical, saying they want a different direction for the state.
“I think we need somebody that will really focus on, ‘What can I do for Maryland to lower the unemployment rate, to raise the salaries?’ ” said Maria De La Cruz Magowan, 49, an economist from Bethesda.
At a Rockville polling place, Larry Ingram, 73, a businessman and registered independent, said Maryland’s taxes are too high, that the state should have a higher standard of living and that he doesn’t want to see businesses leave the state. He voted for Hogan.
“I’d like to see a Republican for this state,” he said. “The mood of the nation is fed up.”
Tanya Gary, 50, a magazine administrator who lives in Fort Washington, voted for Brown. “Republicans are not offering anything,” she said. “They just want to tear things down.”
In other races, Sen. Brian E. Frosh (D-Montgomery) easily defeated Republican Jeffrey N. Pritzker, a Towson lawyer, in the race to become Maryland’s next attorney general. Comptroller Peter Franchot (D) handily won another term, beating Republican challenger William H. Campbell.
Seven of Maryland’s eight congressional incumbents won their bids for another term by wide margins: Republican Andy Harris and Democrats Chris Van Hollen, C.A. Dutch Ruppersberger, John P. Sarbanes, Donna F. Edwards, Steny H. Hoyer and Elijah E. Cummings.
With most precincts reporting in the 6th District, first-term Rep. John Delaney (D) had a narrow lead over Republican Daniel Bongino, a former Secret Service agent.
Montgomery County Executive Isiah Leggett (D) and Prince George’s County Executive Rushern L. Baker III (D) won their bids to secure another term. Every seat in the state Senate and House of Delegates was also up for election.
Voters passed a measure creating a “lockbox” for state transportation funding , but Prince George’s voters narrowly defeated a proposal to limit County Council members and the county executive to three terms in office rather than two.
In Baltimore County, Jessica Baldwin, 27, said she voted for Hogan because it had become increasingly difficult for her friends to find well-paying work. Taxes, she said, have become too much. “You don’t see a return from it a lot of the time,” she said.
Hogan promised throughout his campaign to roll back as many as possible of the tax increases enacted under O’Malley — 40 by his count.
Brown did not campaign heavily on racial themes . But in the closing weeks of the contest, Democrats reminded African American voters of the historic nature of his campaign, sending mailers that included both painful and inspiring scenes from the civil rights era.
Both campaigns went negative from the outset. On the day after his primary win, Hogan released a Web ad calling Brown “the most incompetent man in Maryland.” It was a reference, in part, to Brown’s role in the state’s botched rollout of the online health insurance marketplace established under the federal Affordable Care Act.
Brown, meanwhile, launched a barrage of television ads assailing Hogan’s “agenda” for Maryland, including his positions on guns. One provocative ad showed an assault rifle resting against a swing set, highlighting Hogan’s opposition to a year-old gun control law that banned 45 types of those weapons and included new fingerprinting and registration requirements to own a handgun.
Hogan insisted that he had no plans to roll back the law, but the issue became harder to deflect when the National Rifle Association endorsed him late in the campaign and awarded him a grade of A-minus on its issues, based in part on a questionnaire that Hogan refused to make public.
Even on Election Day, several voters said they still didn’t know much about either of the major-party gubernatorial candidates or what they would do in office. A few complained about the barrage of negative television ads.
“The candidates went about it as if it was a slug fight,” said Reginald Payne, 52, a liquor store manager who lives in Prince George’s and voted for Brown.
Diana Zhou, 32, a federal contract worker from Bowie, said she was going to vote for Hogan, but she studied his Web site and did not think his action plan was comprehensive. She voted for Brown, although she was not completely sold on him.
“I’m not a fan of either one,” Zhou said.
John Wagner has covered Maryland government and politics for The Post since 2004.
Jenna Johnson writes about Maryland politics, including the General Assembly, the administration of Gov. Martin O'Malley and the 2014 election.

Growth and austerityUpdated: November 5, 2014 00:52 IST
Growth and austerity
economy (general)
The austerity measures unrolled by the Finance Ministry last week send out a clear signal that all is not well with government finances; at least, not yet. Though business sentiment has improved noticeably and some key indicators point to a pick-up in growth, government expenditure is running well ahead of revenues, which have not grown at the expected pace. Thus, the Finance Ministry has been forced to order a cut in all discretionary spending; the target is to prune expenditure, other than Plan-related, by 10 per cent. The only exceptions are interest payments, debt repayments, defence capital, salaries, pensions and grants to States. These occupy a large proportion of non-Plan expenditure, which means that the savings might not be much. Yet, the fact that the government deems this necessary shows the seriousness of the problem that it faces in keeping the fiscal deficit in check. Indirect tax collections have grown at just 5.8 per cent in the first half of this fiscal compared to the budgeted target of 25.8 per cent. On the direct taxes front, refunds have eaten away almost half of the incremental collections, which have otherwise been on target. Adding to the government’s woes is the sharp rise in defence pensions due to the implementation of the ‘one-rank, one-pension’ scheme. Outgo on this is expected to shoot up by 40 per cent, or Rs.16,000 crore, this fiscal. Importantly, this was not budgeted for fully.
It is not all gloom, though. The fall in global commodity prices, notably of crude oil, and the freeing of diesel prices, have given elbow room to the government in pruning subsidies. The subsidy on cooking gas and kerosene, as also on fertilizers, will fall significantly. Oil prices are down by about a quarter since the time the new government assumed office and look set for a subdued phase, barring a rise in geopolitical tensions in the Middle East. Meanwhile, the government should push forward on disinvestment, receipts from which are budgeted at Rs.58,425 crore this year. After an initial burst of activity in September, action appears to have slowed down on this front. The markets are on song now and this is the best time to capitalise by offloading stakes in public sector undertakings to retail investors. Experience shows that it is not a great idea to push back the share-sale process closer to the end of the fiscal. The spectrum auction, expected in February 2015, is another big revenue source-in-waiting. With 83 per cent of the fiscal deficit already reached by the end of September, the government will be hard-pressed to keep the deficit down to the target of 4.1 per cent of GDP for this fiscal. While austerity will help, all possible avenues to boost revenues have to be explored so that capital spending does not suffer.

Engine in Failed Rocket Launch Likely to Be Pulledengine in failed rocket launch likely to be pulled
Drone captures eerie video of old Soviet planes in GermanyBy Dan Lamothe November 5 Follow @danlamothe
Quad-copter drones have been used to capture a variety of stunning images in recent months, including photographs of home design mogul Martha Stewart’s sprawling farm in New York state. Add a new entry to the list, though: A quad-copter has gathered video footage while hovering over a military museum in Germany, and the results are arresting.
The video, posted to the Aviationist blog Tuesday , shows numerous Soviet planes sitting at the Aviation Museum in Finowfurt , near Berlin. Among the planes that can be seen are the MiG-15, MiG-17, MiG-21 and MiG-23 fighter jets, the blog says.
The museum is on the site of an old Soviet base. Other photographs taken there can be found on Flickr here , including one image with a statue of Vladimir Lenin, who in 1917 established the first communist government in the world.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

US Services Firms Grow More Slowly  but Hiring UpThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

With a bullet: Oil  Pimco and bearsIn case you were keeping track, Europe’s bond yields are the lowest since the 15th century.
The U.S. stock market is now more than half the S&P Broad Market Index, the first time this has happened since the index’s inception in 1989, says Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst for S&P Dow Jones indexes.
Private sector employment increased by 230,000 jobs from September to October , according to the October ADP National Employment Report.
A perfect stock market indicator: Buybacks. But not in a good way. “Corporate America’s track record buying in stock is just horrendous. It’s terrible. We are now again approaching a peak of buyback activity, no matter how you measure it. The prior peak occurred in the second half of 2007, the last market peak. The trough in corporate buyback activity? Early ’09.”
The November Mutual Fund Observer is out. Read it.
Bears discover photography! No word on where the human photographer might be.

Alibaba sales grow 54 percentAlibaba Group
Alibaba sales grow 54 percent
Alibaba's first report card as a public company showed it was a fast grower but not a standout straight A student. The Chinese e-commerce giant's quarterly profit rose and met expectations.
Alibaba's first report card as a public company showed it was a fast grower but not a standout straight A student. The Chinese e-commerce giant's quarterly profit rose and met expectations.

Kentuckian set to lead Senate© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6631938-64ce-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Newly discovered fossil could prove a problem for creationistsBy Rachel Feltman November 5 Follow @rachelfeltman
An artist's rendition of the amphibious Cartorhynchus lenticarpus. (Stefano Broccoli)
Researchers report that they've found the missing link between an ancient aquatic predator and its ancestors on land. Ichthyosaurs , the dolphin-like reptiles that lived in the sea during the time of the dinosaurs, evolved from terrestrial creatures that made their way back into the water over time.
But the fossil record for the lineage has been spotty, without a clear link between land-based reptiles and the aquatic ichthyosaurs scientists know came after. Now, researchers report in Nature that they've found that link — an amphibious ancestor of the swimming ichthyosaurs named  Cartorhynchus lenticarpus.
"Many creationists have tried to portray ichthyosaurs as being contrary to evolution," said lead author Ryosuke Motani , a professor of earth and planetary sciences at the University of California Davis. "We knew based on their bone structure that they were reptiles, and that their ancestors lived on land at some time, but they were fully adapted to life in the water. So creationists would say, well, they couldn't have evolved from those reptiles, because where's the link?"
Now the gap has been filled, he said.
Motani and his colleagues, who include researchers from Peking University, Anhui Geological Museum, the Chinese Academy of Science, University of Milan and the Field Museum in Chicago, found the fossil in China's Anhui Province in 2011. The creature is about a foot and a half long and lived 248 million years ago
"Initially I was really puzzled by this fossil," Motani said. "I could tell it was related [to ichthyosaurs], but I didn't know how to place it. It took me about a year before I was sure I had no doubts."
Intense analysis put it smack dab in the middle of the ichthyosaur family. But unlike previously discovered fossils in the lineage, this one wasn't perfectly suited to life in the ocean. The key differences between this specimen and previously known ichthyosaurs set it up as the perfect amphibious intermediary.
The oldest basal ichthyosauriform, Cartorhynchus lenticarpus. (Ryosuke Motani)
Ocean-bound ichthyosaurs had very long snouts (leading to their frequent comparison to modern dolphins) that were made for capturing fish and squid. This new animal had a shorter snout — more like a land-based reptile. It also had large flippers and flexible wrists, which would have allowed it to flop around on land like a seal.
One of the most important differences between this new ichthyosaur and its supposed descendants comes down to being big boned: When other vertebrates have evolved from land to sea living, they've gone through stages where they're amphibious and heavy. Their thick bones probably allowed them to fight the power of strong coastal waves and stay grounded in shallow waters. Sure enough, this new fossil has much thicker bones than previously examined ichthyosaurs.
The animal lived about 4 million years after the worst mass extinction in our planet's history — so Motani and his colleagues believe the creature gives insight into how long it took the ecosystem to recover.
"This animal probably had a happy life. It was in the tropics, and it was probably a bottom feeder that fed on soft-bodied things like squid and animals like shrimp," Motani said. "And for a predator like that to exist, there has to be plenty of prey. This was probably one of the first predators to appear after that extinction."
This single fossil hasn't revealed all of the ichthyosaurs' secrets. Motani hopes to find the preceding evolutionary ancestor next — one that was also amphibious, but spent slightly more of its time on land. "We're looking for that one now," Motani said.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Scientists think they know why snakes get two penises and people only get oneBy Rachel Feltman November 5 Follow @rachelfeltman
From left-right: Python embryo six days after oviposition, then at six days, then at 11 days. The budding hemipenes and vestigial limb-buds can be seen at the tail end of the embryo. (Patrick Tschopp/Department of Genetics, Harvard University)
Researchers may have figured out why different species develop different kinds of genitalia. In snakes and reptiles, the genitals grow to mimic leg buds — producing twin organs. In humans, the genitals grow to mimic a tail bud — so the penis ends up as a single structure.
In a study published today in Nature , researchers focused on the difference between squamates (snakes and lizards) and amniotes (birds and mammals). In humans and other amniotes, there's only one external genital structure — the human penis, for example.
In snakes and lizards, the external genitals get a little funkier. These reptiles have paired external genitals , even though they only use one at a time during mating.
But all of these genitals spring out of the same embryonic structure, called the cloaca. This structure sends out signals to the cells around it in the embryo, telling them to turn into genitals.
Scientists have wondered why these structures — which are triggered to grow by the same genetic mechanisms during embryonic development, and have the same function in adulthood — develop so differently.
According to this new research, the location of the cloaca might be the key. This embryonic trigger (which eventually turns into the urinary and gut tracks) sends out a molecular call to the cells around it. "Genitals," it says, "make me some genitals."
So those weird reptile genitals? They might look that way because the cloaca is so close to the hind legs (or, in a snake's case, where the hind legs could have been).
"Apparently in both locations, there are pools of cells that have the ability to receive this call from the cloaca," said lead author Patrick Tschopp , a postdoctoral researcher in genetics at Harvard Medical School. "When you move the signaling center, you can recruit different cells."
Sure enough, when Tschopp and his colleagues grafted cloaca tissue next to the budding limbs of some chicken embryos, they found that the cells in the area began to grow into genitals.
So something as simple as a signal's shift in location can drastically influence an animal's evolutionary path.
"This is a great study," said Denis Duboule , chairman of the department of genetics and evolution at the University of Geneva, who wasn't involved in the research. "It's a very interesting new idea. There are these master signals during development, where cells are told to make a limb, or a pancreas. But in this case the same signal is used, and depending on where it's sent from, it will touch different cells."
Tschopp isn't sure why the cloaca locations are different in these two types of animals, but he hopes to find out. And a better understanding of how signal location affects embryo development might eventually have human medical applications.
"It's a bit farfetched, but this may eventually help us understand syndromes in humans that occur when these signals aren't given, or not at the right time, or not for long enough," Duboule said. "The truth is that when you start understanding these things, you also understand what can go wrong when they don't work properly. But that's a whole other story."
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Rate cut alone may not spur investment  shows studyRate cut alone may not spur investment  shows study
Jaitley promises more reforms  sick PSU divestmentJaitley promises more reforms  sick PSU divestment
Interim relief: SAT allows DLF to redeem Rs1 806 cr fromMFsPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:12 am
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) has allowed realty major DLF, which is facing a ban from the capital market, to redeem mutual fund units worth Rs 1,806 crore till next month.
After hearing an appeal for interim relief by the property developer, SAT allowed it to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 767 crore in the current month and further funds worth Rs 1,039 crore in December. DLF had sought permission to redeem funds locked in mutual funds after being slapped with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) ban last month on the company and six of its top officials from accessing the capital market for 3 years.
The developer had made the request through an affidavit submitted on Monday to the SAT, which is hearing DLF’s appeal against the ban.
The SAT, a quasi-judicial body, will begin its final hearing on December 10 on DLF’s main plea against Sebi order. At an earlier hearing on October 30, the SAT had asked DLF to specifically mention the time-frame, the requirements as well as the end use of the fund apart from till what time it needs the interim relief.
The SAT has further asked Sebi to file its reply to the DLF petition by November 30.

13-year-old Indian-origin entrepreneur gets Intel Capital funding for low-cost BrailleprinterPrint
By: Reuters | Huntington Beach (us) | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:10 am
If Shubham Banerjee cannot lay claim to being the world’s youngest venture capital-backed entrepreneur, he comes very close.
Banerjee was 12 years old when he closed an early-stage funding round with Intel Capital, the company’s venture capital arm, last month for his prototype for a low-cost Braille printer. Since then, the San Jose, California middle-schooler has turned 13. That’s young, even by the standards of Silicon Valley, where many venture capitalists unapologetically prefer to fund youth over experience.
Young entrepreneurs usually have reached at least their mid-teens when they hit it big. Nick D’Aloisio, founder of online news aggregator Summly, was 17 when Yahoo bought his company last year for $30 million. Brothers John and Patrick Collison, behind payments service Stripe, were 16 and 19 when they sold an earlier business to a Canadian company for $5 million.
After reading a fundraising flyer about the blind, Banerjee felt inspired to turn a high-tech version of Legos, the toy building blocks, into a device that could print in Braille. One day, he wants to mass-produce the printers and sell them for about $350, far less than Braille printers cost now. This past summer, he worked on incorporating an Intel Edison chip, a processor aimed at hobbyists, into the printer. In September, Intel invited him to a conference in India to highlight uses for Edison. There, he got a big surprise. Intel executive Mike Bell announced from the conference stage that the giant chipmaker would invest in his company, Braigo Labs. Until then, his funding consisted of the $35,000 his parents gave him.
“I turned back to my dad, and said, ‘What did he just say?’” Banerjee recalled. “I was all over the place.” Banerjee and a spokesman for Intel Capital declined to disclose the size of the investment. A person familiar with the matter said it was a few hundred thousand dollars. He plans to use it to build a better prototype of the printer and test it with more groups for the blind. After the announcement, Banerjee had to bone up on unfamiliar terms such as “venture capital.” He also needed to convince adults to co-sign his funding and patent documents. Among the company officials he turned to: Braigo’s president, his mom, Malini.
Banerjee says he gets mostly As and Bs as a student at the Champion School in San Jose, California.
Teachers have given him time off to attend events like the conference in India and the Intel Global Capital summit this week in Huntington Beach, California. He catches up on school work on weekends, he says.
This is the second Intel investment connected to the Banerjee family. His dad, Neil, works for Kno, an education start-up that Intel bought last year.

Sailor freed by pirates recounts horror: Begged for food waterBahadur Singh in Mumbai on Wednesday. (Source: Express photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Mumbai | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:34 am
By: Santoshee Gulabkali Mishra
Bahadur Singh, a 57-year-old sailor from Ranakapura village in Haryana, is among seven Indians who arrived in Mumbai last week after being held captive by Somalian pirates for four years.
Bahadur lacks confidence and gets restless when asked to recount his ordeal. The only thing he says with certainty is that he doesn’t have any respect for pirates. He was among the 15-member crew of Indians aboard M V Asphalt Venture, which was hijacked by Somalian pirates off the coast of Tanzania on September 28, 2010. Eight men were released in April 2011. The rest returned last week.
“I am eager to meet my 95-year-old mother. She prayed for me day and night,” said Bahadur. “After offering prayers at all temples, mosques and gurdwaras in Mumbai, I would like to meet her the first,” he added. He is also looking forward to seeing his two children,a 30-year-old daughter and a 27-year-old son.
Apart from Bahadur, Manjeet Singh (57), T B Unnikrishnan (57), George Joseph (60), Sohan Singh (45), Bhim Sen Singh (45) and Littton Daniston Anthony (27) are being guided by their Indian coordinator Chirag Bahri for the Maritime Piracy Humanitarian Response Programme.
“At present, all of them are under mental trauma. The moment they are asked about what happened, they start crying. We are giving them psychological counselling here in Mumbai,” Bahri said.
Talking about the ill-fated day, Bahadur said, “We were travelling from Mombasa in Kenya towards Durban in South Africa when two speeding boats with almost 20 armed pirates entered from the rear of our ship. They forcibly took the carrier to Hardere Anchorage in Somalia.”
“I had seen scenes of kidnapping in movies, but it was actually happening to us. We suffered every day and every minute for the past four years,” he said. Describing the location where they were taken, he said, “It is named after the village, Hardere. We were kept in the forest where the chief of the troops named Sarafee Abdula-hi alias David had huge farms. It was like a fortress armed with 400-500 soldiers.”
He added, “Sarafee probably watched a lot of Hindi films. He used to tie our hands and legs. Then, they used to dance and fire in the air with their AK-47s. It was a horror. They threw me towards fire; I managed to save my face but my hands were completely burnt.”
Bahadur claimed the seven Indian sailors were initially told by Sarafee that he wanted 122 Somalian pirates held in Indian jails to be released, but later, ransom was demanded from the hostages’ families. “I was connected with my family and told to inform them that I will be freed if millions were paid,” Bahadur said.
“At times, we would cry for drinking water. We were on our knees for food. We hardly had water to bathe. We were given three litres and were asked to use it for three months. continued…

Poaching case: Salman remains a convict  saysSCThe bench said that the Rajasthan HC had granted him relief not on the merit of the case, but only because the UK refused to let him enter.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:25 am
The Supreme Court on Wednesday questioned the “propriety” of an order suspending the conviction of actor Salman Khan in a poaching case, even as it reserved its verdict on the Rajasthan government’s appeal against the order.
On a day when a Mumbai trial court was hearing the hit-and-run case against him, the apex court passed severe strictures against the relief accorded to Khan, which enabled him to get a UK visa for film shoots.
“You say you are facing hardship because you won’t get a UK visa if the conviction is not suspended. Tomorrow, convicted politicians can come to this court saying they are facing hardship since we have ruled they will be disqualified immediately after conviction. Should we suspend their conviction too? Can we do that?” asked a bench led by Justice S J Mukhopadhaya.
Reminding the actor that he “remained a convict” although he was not in jail, and that his appeal was pending, the bench said that the Rajasthan HC had granted him relief not on the merit of the case, but only because the UK refused to let him enter.
The Rajasthan government argued that there could be no justification to suspend Khan’s conviction after his five-year jail term order was suspended.
Appearing for Khan, senior advocate Sidharth Luthra contended that the conviction was suspended by the Rajasthan HC so that he could carry out his professional duties without any impediment and travel abroad for this purpose. Luthra sought to convince the bench that the HC order was justified under Articles 19 (1) (a) (right to carry out trade or profession) and 21 (right to life and liberty).

Pot stocks  struggle despite voter OKsSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Residents of Oregon, Washington D.C and Alaska gave legal marijuana a thumbs up. But on Wall Street, investors are saying no way.
Shares of companies linked with the use of marijuana are largely down Wednesday despite the victories with voters. Most of these “pot stocks” are thinly traded stocks that are bought and sold on lightly regulated marketsplaces. Several of these stocks have been halted periodically by regulators over the past couple of months.
Medbox, one of the pot stocks with the highest market values at just $334 million, is down nearly 7% to $11.15.
Investors have learned that despite the hype with the populace, marijuana stocks remain risky and mostly something to avoid for now .
WEDNESDAY CHANGE OF SEVERAL “POT STOCKS”
Company

President Obama Discusses Midterm ElectionsSOON: John Kerry Gives Speech at Saban Forum
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Energy leads Wall St. up after midterm vote; Dow hits recordWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Drone strike  kills Qaeda commander  in YemenDrone strike  kills Qaeda commander  in Yemen
Finance minister signals lower rate  cheaper fundsFinance minister signals lower rate  cheaper funds
Sensex  Nifty attain record closing high as Brent oil falls to 4-year lowSensex  Nifty attain record closing high as Brent oil falls to 4-year low
Audi recalling nearly 102 000 cars to fix air bagsAudi recalling nearly 102 000 cars to fix air bags
Nobel-Winning Economist Kydland Backs RBI s Anti-Inflation PolicyNobel-Winning Economist Kydland Backs RBI s Anti-Inflation Policy
Nobel-winning economist backs RBI s policyBooth School of Business
(Nobel laureate economist…)
MUMBAI: Nobel laureate economist Finn Kydland today supported Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan's strategy of fighting inflation through high interest rates and dismissed concerns of its impact on the growth.
"If inflation has been over 8 per cent, then it is reasonable to cut it down to under that level and do his best to make that with a creditable policy," the Norwegian economist who won the Nobel in 2004 told reporters.
Earlier this evening, Kydland delivered a lecture at the University of Mumbai here.
On the concerns about high rates stifling the growth, Kydland, who is now a professor of economics at the University of California, indicated that it may not be the case.
"Presumably, Rajan would slow down some of the expansion of money in the economy and if it is well understood that that's his aim, it ought to have little effect on the behaviour of the real economy," he said.
Asked about his opinion oN Rajan, who taught at the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business before returning to the country as the chief economic adviser in the finance ministry, Kydland said, "he seems to me a good guy, isn't he?"
Since taking over as the Governor in September last year, Rajan has raised interest rates thrice and continues to hold them at a higher level at 8 per cent, citing inflation.
In his speech, Kydland observed that independence of the central bank is key to achieving the broader goals of policy making, and interference by the executive is not desirable.
He also said there is a tendency among the policymakers to take away the independence of central banks and this was seen in the US too.
Kydland also expressed concern that India continues to be a difficult destination for doing business. "That is very disturbing, there is no improvement," he said, when pointed out that India has been ranked 142nd by the World Bank on ease of doing business.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Speculation over Cabinet reshuffle; Manohar Parrikar for defenceSpeculation over Cabinet reshuffle; Manohar Parrikar for defence?
MEERA MOHANTY & AKSHAY DESHMANE, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(Talk of the cabinet expansion…)
BHUBANESWAR | NEW DELHI: Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar could move to Delhi as India's next defence minister, as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's much-anticipated cabinet expansion.
Parrikar was in Delhi on Wednesday meeting BJP chief Amit Shah and PM Modi, and sources close to the Goa CM said a formal offer to join the Union Cabinet was made on Tuesday. Parrikar's possible elevation has been a subject of speculation for a while.
However, speaking to ET late on Wednesday evening at Delhi's Goa Sadan, Parrikar distanced himself from the speculation.
Parrikar told ET that he was in Delhi only to discuss "some requirements related to Goa" since the PM is going on a foreign visit soon. "The issue (of him joining the government as defence minister) did not come up during our discussions...I continue to be the chief minister of Goa," he said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley has been holding the defence portfolio as an additional charge since May 26, when the Modi administration assumed office. PM Modi has made a number of changes to the top echelons of his government in recent weeks, with a number of senior-level bureaucratic appointments. Suresh Prabhu, a former minister in the Vajpayee government, has moved to PMO, where he has oversight of policy issues in infrastructure sectors and areas such as mining.
A member of RSS, Parrikar, the putative defence minister, belongs to the Saraswat Brahmin community and has maintained a moderate image, winning the support of Goa's Catholic community both during the assembly elections of 2012 and the parliamentary elections this year.
Parrikar was the first BJP chief minister to back the appointment of Modi as party's prime ministerial candidate while hosting BJP's national executive conclave in 2013 in Panaji.
In April this year, when there were strong rumours of him being part of Modi's cabinet, Parrikar had told ET that he would prefer to stay on in Goa. "I do not think there is a need for me to go to the Centre, and neither has the party, as yet, asked me to. You don't have to be a part of the Cabinet, and can still contribute to certain key issues. In any case, who is part of the cabinet is the prerogative of the PM."
Goa is in the midst of restarting its export-oriented iron ore industry on which the state depends on for both revenues and employment. Several critical issues for the small and dense coastal state of Goa remain to be sorted out with the ministry of environment, including a relaxation of the Coastal Regulation Zone norms and allowing mining near wildlife sanctuaries. The Goa cabinet approved a new mining policy on Wednesday, according to TV channels. Meanwhile, in Jaipur, speculation that Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhara Raje could move to Delhi as a Union minister also resurfaced on Tuesday bringing forth a strong denial from the party's state unit. The fresh round of rumours was sparked off by a tweet by former IPL commissioner Lalit Modi, who batted for BJP leader Om Mathur as CM. The state unit of BJP, which had refused to respond to the rumours until now, was forced to categorically deny such a possibility.
At a press conference, Rajasthan BJP chief Ashok Parnami asserted there was no plan afoot for a leadership change in the desert state.
"The issue is again being discussed after a long time. I do not know what is the reason behind the revival of this speculation, but it is possible that Raje's self-assertion during her cabinet expansion last Monday may have irked some people in Delhi," a Rajasthan MP close to the central leadership told ET on the condition of anonymity on Wednesday. A senior MLA with a reputation for challenging the state government's policies in the Assembly, who was also among the hopefuls for a cabinet minister's position in the state but was ignored, said Raje was unlikely to be moved to the Centre.
"Goa's case cannot be compared with Rajasthan's. This is not the way it (change in leadership) can happen here. She has got 25 MPs and 160 MLAs, and is very popular. Also, it has been less than a year since she assumed charge, and nothing adverse against her government has come up yet, so more time will likely be given to her since no reason exists to ask her to leave," this MLA said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Low prices and non-viable exports make for bitter sugarharvestPrint
In 2013-14, India shipped out about 2.2 million tonnes of its 24.3 million tonnes production.
Written by Parthasarathi Biswas , Atikh Rashid | Mumbai | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:35 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 11:35 am
Standing in his 10-acre field where the sugarcane crop is ready to be crushed, Vijay Chavan contemplates the future with trepidation.
In the last sugar year (October 2013-September 2014), Chavan, a farmer from Arvi village in Satara’s Phaltan taluka, got Rs 225 per quintal as the first instalment, and another Rs 25 as the second and final instalment, for the cane he supplied to the Shriram Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana mill.
“We were hoping the factory would give us Rs 250 as the first instalment and Rs 300 as the final price, he said.
But this sugar year, Chavan fears worse. “When I talk to people in the factory, I get the feeling this time we will be offered Rs 200 per quintal or so. If that happens, farmers will have no option but to launch an agitation,” he said.
PRICE SQUEEZE
Dealing with restive cane growers like Vijay Chavan will probably be the first major challenge that Devendra Fadnavis will face as Chief Minister of Maharashtra. In Uttar Pradesh too, Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav is likely to feel the heat as sugar mills start to crush for the new season.
Ex-factory prices of sugar are around Rs 27 per kg in Maharashtra and Rs 28 in UP today, lower than the already low levels of 2013-14. It is a reflection of global prices: On Tuesday, the benchmark March raw sugar futures contract at the Intercontinental Exchange in New York closed at 15.68 cents a pound, compared to 18.32 cents a year ago, and the peak of 36.08 cents reached in February 2011.
In 2013-14, India shipped out about 2.2 million tonnes of its 24.3 million tonnes production. But at 15.68 cents a pound — or Rs 21.22 a kg — it is unfeasible to export raw sugar out of Maharashtra, even assuming the Centre restores the Rs 3.30 per kg “incentive” that was given in the 2013-14 season.
WORSE THAN LAST YEAR
The current prices not only rule out exports, but more important politically, they make it impossible for mills to pay farmers even what they got last year.
“At last year’s cane prices, the average production cost of sugar works out to Rs 35 per kg in UP and Rs 30 per kg in Maharashtra where recoveries are two percentage points higher. We can pay up to 75 per cent of the average sugar realisation, which means a cane price of Rs 200-Rs 210 per quintal,” Abinash Verma, director-general of the Indian Sugar Mills Association, said.
The possibility of a reduction in cane prices to align them with sugar realisations — which has not happened so far (see Table) — is something that even growers seem reconciled to.
“The factory management has informed us that since the production cost of sugar is now way above the selling price, there is no option continued…

Goa chief minister Parrikar tipped for defence in big cabinet rejigGoa CM Manohar Parrikar tipped for defence portfolio in cabinet rejig
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 21:03 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 09:52 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Narendra Modi will likely reshuffle and expand his council of ministers on Sunday, with Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar tipped to get the key defence portfolio and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi set to return as a cabinet minister.
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar (L) took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. (Sameer Sehgal/HT File Photo)
The long-awaited revamp of the team that has ruled India since late May will lighten the burden on some ministers who hold more than one portfolio and give the Prime Minister a chance to promote high achievers while getting rid of a few who have failed to keep pace, government and BJP sources said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, who holds additional charge of the defence portfolio, had said early in his tenure that this was only a temporary arrangement.  The 58-year-old Parrikar flew to Delhi early on Wednesday after cancelling a meeting of his state cabinet, and met BJP chief Amit Shah and, later in the day, Modi.
 
“The Prime Minister did not talk about my joining the cabinet; we discussed Goa issues,” he said after meeting Modi. The likely move of the well-regarded chief minister to Delhi will leave the BJP with a big hole to plug in Goa, and party leaders were in discussions about his replacement.
Naqvi, minister of state in the Vajpayee government, is likely to become minister in charge of statistics and planning, the sources said.  His entry will provide the cabinet another prominent Muslim face after minority affairs minister Najma Heptulla.
Jayant Sinha, who holds a Harvard MBA and is the son of former finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is likely to be inducted as minister of state (MoS), either in the defence or finance ministry. Nirmala Sitharaman may be promoted from MoS to cabinet minister, likely in charge of the commerce and industry ministry, and give up her current additional role as MoS in the finance ministry.
Haryana leader Birender Singh, who had crossed over from the Congress to the BJP ahead of the Haryana assembly election, is understood to be in contention for a berth in the council of ministers and is likely to get independent charge of a ministry.
 
BJP youth wing chief Anu-rag Thakur, a Lok Sabha MP from Himachal Pradesh, and Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, who was instrumental in uncovering the coal block scam, are other probable candidates.
Bihar MPs Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a Brahmin, and Giriraj Singh, a Bhumihar, are also said to be serious contenders for a place in the council of ministers.  MPs from Uttarakhand and West Bengal may miss the bus again, said sources.
 
Modi is understood to be considering lightening the burden of some ministers holding more than one portfolio. Ravi Shankar Prasad (law, communication & IT), Prakash Javadekar (I&B and environment), Nitin Gadkari (rural development, road transport & highways, panchayati raj and drinking water) and Piyush Goyal (power, coal, new and renewable energy) are among the ministers who hold multiple portfolios.
 
Speculation is also rife about changes in Rail Bhawan and Krishi Bhawan. Given the PM’s motto of “minimum government, maximum governance”, the sources ruled out any large-scale expansion. Modi’s present team includes 22 cabinet ministers and an equal number of MoS.
(with agency inputs)

Pakistan must draw red line if it wants talks: JaitleyComments
Defence minister Arun Jaitley said on Wednesday Pakistan had to make a conscious choice whether it wanted to talk to the government of India or to those who want to break India, effectively shutting the door on any immediate resumption of bilateral talks between the nuclear-armed nations.
 
India called off planned talks between the foreign secretaries of the two countries in August after the Pakistani envoy met Kashmiri separatists in New Delhi, saying it was an “unacceptable” attempt to “interfere” in India’s domestic affairs.
 
"I think a new red line has to be drawn in Pakistan to reconsider this question that who they want to speak to? Do they want to speak to the government of India or they want to speak to those who want to break India. So, unless Pakistan makes the conscious choice, a dialogue with Pakistan will not be possible," Jaitley told the World Economic Fourm.
 
"We create the environment, we fix up a dialogue at the level of foreign secretaries, our foreign secretary is to visit Pakistan (and) literally a few hours before that they invite the separatists for a dialogue to their high commission in New Delhi,” said Jaitley.
Watch: Pakistan must decide whether it wants to speak to India or separtists: Arun Jaitley
 
The Narendra Modi government started on an upbeat note by calling Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to his swearing-in ceremony in May along with leaders of all SAARC countries. But relations between the two countries have slid since then with the neighbours recently locked in their worst border conflict in a decade.
 
Referring to ceasefire violations by Pakistan on the international border and line of control, the defence minister said the consequences of its “misadventure” like firing on the civilian population “would be an unaffordable cost for Pakistan”. 
 
Jaitley said India has given three messages to Pakistan. “The first is that we want to talk. So we invited them. The second is we send a foreign secretary there. But they must decide whether they are ready to speak to our foreign secretary or to speak to those who want to break India. The third is that this kind of a situation in international border cannot go on.”
 
"That's not an environment for a dialogue ... India would like to normalise the relationship. But whether Pakistan wants to normalise the relationship depends on Pakistan," he said.

Interest turmoil leads to CME recordInterest rate turmoil leads to Chicago Mercantile Exchange trading record
Michael Mackenzie, Gregory Meyer and Tracy Alloway
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3ba7930e-5a31-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BHP puts US shale assets up for saleBHP puts gas asset up for sale as it finetunes US shale business
Michael Kavanagh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f6a3c38-5de5-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Miners face juggling act on dividendsHow buybacks can underpin miners’ dividend policies
By Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/722b0a68-5a14-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil slides after Saudi cuts prices in USOil slides after Saudi Arabia cuts prices in US
Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e15b4e4e-6382-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saudi police arrest six on terror chargesPolice in Saudi Arabia arrest six men on terror charges
Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d1b72544-63e1-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Re-launch of gold deposit scheme can cut imports by 250tonsGold futures price falls on global cues
The country’s gold imports could come down by 250 tonnes a year if the government re-launches a gold deposit scheme and mobilises at least one per cent of estimated 25,000 tonnes of idle gold stock lying with Indians, according to the gold and silver refiner MMTC Pamp.
The current gold deposit scheme, launched in 1999, is beyond the reach of most households as it mandates a minimum deposit of 500 grams. Only temples and trusts are taking advantage of this scheme and not the general householders.
“There is a need to re-launch a gold deposit scheme with a minimum 40 grams of gold deposits. Even if we mobilise one per cent of the estimated 25,000 tonnes of idle gold stock, we will be able reduce imports by 250 tonnes a year,” MMTC Pamp Managing Director Rajesh Khosla said.
The company has proposed a minimum gold deposit of 40 grams after carrying out a survey of 5,000 households across the country. “The RBI has said that the proposal looks alright and we are now waiting for a notification,” he said.
Stating that India’s gold demand is unlikely to come down even if the government further tightens import norms, Khosla said.
“The only way is to get the idle gold in circulation through a gold deposit scheme tailored specially for general households and not for banks and large gold holders.”
The proposed scheme will help in balancing the huge gap between demand and supply and bring down the current account deficit (CAD), he added.
If the proposed scheme takes off, Khosla said the company will act as an enabler in the gold deposit scheme since it is the only refinery to be accredited with London Bullion Markets Association.
MMTC Pamp, a joint venture between state-run MMTC and Switzerland’s PAMP, said under the proposed scheme it will collect, assay, transport, refine and re-transport gold as instructed by banks.
India, the world’s largest gold consumer, imports 800-900 tonnes of yellow metal every year. The country is estimated to have imported 410 tonnes in the first half of this fiscal.
TAGS: Current Gold Deposit Scheme Gold Deposit Scheme India's Gold Import Mmtc Pamp
More from commodities

What s Your Potential to Be Profound as a Leaderreddit
Words can change lives, careers, and organizations forever. Because of words, leaders have fallen. Businesses have gone bankrupt. Wars have killed thousands. But most of us won't be talking to heads of state or CEOs. We're talking to the people next door, our brother-in-law, and the coworker in the next cubicle.
I've lost more sleep over words than from any illness, work, or obligation in my life. Words that I wish I'd said and didn't. Words that I've said and wished I hadn't. Words that others have said to me that cut deep. Words that others didn't say to me that still managed to leave a hole in my psyche. Words that rolled off my tongue too quickly. Words that I swallowed and held onto far too long.
Let me get more specific about the power of words to change the course of lives, families, and organizations:
The Power of Positive Words
With positive words, we can accept, admire, admit, advise, affirm, apologize, bridge, build, calm, challenge, cheer, clarify, comfort, compliment, counsel, defend, discover, dispel fear, encourage, enlighten, evaluate, explain, extend, forgive, free, heal, include, inspire, introduce, lead, model, mold, nourish, persuade, plan, praise, pray, predict, prepare, reveal, support, thank, trust, uplift, warn, and welcome.
And the wonderful thing about words is that they're not fattening, expensive, or scarce.  You don't have to be a rocket scientist to spit them out.
The Damage of Negative Words
But unfortunately, negative words creep into business transactions and conversations--particularly those about performance. With those, we alarm, cajole, cast doubt, blame, complain, confuse, cripple, criticize, deceive, delay, diminish, disappoint, discourage, disillusion, divide, embarrass, embellish, exclude, frighten, gossip, insult, judge, lie, limit, manipulate, mislead, mock, nag, needle, paralyze, punish, rattle, reject, sabotage, scold, stereotype, trap, and trouble our colleagues, clients, and family.
Easy Access Does Not Equal Lightweight
The sum total of your life's relationships -- and influence -- rests on your day-in and day-out use of words. Not at the big event. Not during momentous occasions. But in those simple conversations.
Everybody has access to words -- this tool of insight, innovation, and influence. Common conversations can be profound. There are few greater responsibilities as a leader than to weigh your words with wisdom.
What high-impact conversations do you remember that changed your thinking and your life forever?
Follow Dianna Booher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DiannaBooher
More:

Oil companies fall as crude prices slideOil companies fall as crude prices slide
Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eaabd000-6403-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saudi princes libel fight costs 1.4m so farSaudi prince’s libel fight costs £1.4m so far
Jane Croft
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/22952d02-6442-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BHP to export US oil without permitBHP to export US oil without permit
Gregory Meyer and Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56c0c882-647b-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A look at Virgin Galactic s feathering technologyUpdated: November 4, 2014 08:19 IST
A look at Virgin Galactic's feathering technology
AP
Reuters The “feathering” system is now being reviewed as part of the investigation into Friday’s deadly accident that caused SpaceShipTwo to disintegrate, killing one pilot and badly injuring another.
TOPICS
rocketry
The Virgin Galactic spaceship is designed to take tourists on a fleeting thrill ride through the lower reaches of space.
On the way back down, the tail sections of the rocket-powered ship are supposed to sweep upward to slow it for the return to earth. The “feathering” system is now being reviewed as part of the investigation into Friday’s deadly accident that caused SpaceShipTwo to disintegrate, killing one pilot and badly injuring another.
So, what is feathering?
SpaceShipTwo is designed to take two pilots and six passengers into the vacuum of space on the power of rocket engine after being launched from a jet-powered mother ship at an altitude of about 50,000 feet. Like with any other space flight, the return trip has proven to be one of the biggest technical challenges and periods of greatest danger.
Designer Burt Rutan’s inspiration for the design was the badminton shuttlecock, which relies on its aerodynamic shape to control orientation, speed and altitude.
Just before SpaceShipTwo reaches its maximum altitude at the edge of space, the craft’s pilots begin to prepare for descent by unlocking the tail sections. This begins a two-step process for rotating the tails upward.
With the tail sections in the raised position, the craft’s fuselage moves parallel to the horizon. This configuration results in extreme drag and allows the craft to begin slowing down at a high altitude, which reduces forces on the craft.
Despite all the drag, the feathering formation is also stable so stable that Virgin Galactic officials have said pilots can take their hands off the controls. And with the craft’s low weight, re-entry temperatures remain low compared with other manned spacecraft, making heat shields or tiles unnecessary.
Once SpaceShipTwo hits about 60,000 feet, the tail sections automatically return to their original configuration and the ship glides back to earth.
Why is the system being reviewed?
Although the cause of the crash has not been determined, investigators have said the feathering system was unlocked before the craft reached an appropriate speed. The system requires a separate command to activate.
Deployment must happen at the right time, shortly before the craft reaches its maximum altitude. Missing the mark could cause problems given the speeds and structural forces being exerted when the spacecraft re-enters the atmosphere.

Saudi private sector growth slows sharplySaudi private sector growth slows sharply
Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d1907a40-6420-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Opec resists falling oil prices actionShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Opec resists falling oil prices action
Nov 3, 2014 : Oil prices are down 25 per cent since mid-June, with Saudi Arabia, Opec’s largest producer, resisting a production cut. Standard Chartered’s Paul Horsnell discusses with Anjli Raval if some members that are suffering more will be demanding action.

Asia takes wind out of Chicagos sailsLast updated: November 5, 2014 2:54 am
Asia futures focus takes wind from Chicago’s sails
Neil Munshi and Jeremy Grant
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/67f7f2a4-63e7-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CME faces up to painful reality© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a4972d22-5444-11e4-b2ea-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil falls further after Saudi discountLast updated: November 5, 2014 7:46 am
Oil continues to tumble after Saudi discount
Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bb1f7b0e-6415-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pidilite Q2 Net up 17.23% at Rs 138.9 croreNew Delhi, November 5, 2014
Updated: November 5, 2014 16:35 IST
Pidilite Q2 Net up 17.23% at Rs 138.9 crore
PTI
Pidilite Industries Ltd on Wednesday reported a 17.23 per cent increase in its consolidated net profit at Rs 138.9 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs 118.48 crore in the same quarter last fiscal.
Pidilite Industries’ net sales during the quarter under review increased by 14.12 per cent to Rs 1,248.56 crore as against Rs 1,094.07 crore in the corresponding period last year, the company said in a BSE filing.
For the half-year period ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs 307.42 crore as against Rs 279.47 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
Net sales of the company for the half year period rose to Rs 2,586.66 crore as compared to Rs 2,212.88 crore in the same period of the previous fiscal.
Shares of Pidilite were trading at Rs 405 apiece, down 1.28 per cent from the previous close on the BSE.

Game time comes to the global oil marketDownload
Game time arrives in the global oil market
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b4a053e6-6417-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Javid unveils mobile phone coverage plansSajid Javid outlines plans to boost rural mobile phone coverage
Daniel Thomas and John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/efa70750-6435-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FCA bans executives over sales cultureFCA bans executives over sales culture
Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fa22b9d0-64e0-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Recriminations fly over Democrat defeatRecriminations fly over Democrat defeat
Richard McGregor and Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4acbf180-6482-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi among world s most powerful  Putin tops Forbes listNarendra Modi among world's most powerful, Vladimir Putin tops Forbes list
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 09.57PM IST
Tags:
ArcelorMittal
(The list of 72 most powerful…)
NEW YORK: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today made his debut among the world's most powerful people, ranked 15th on the Forbes list topped by Russian President Vladimir Putin who pipped his US counterpart Barack Obama for a second year in a row.
The list of 72 most powerful people in the world also included the names of Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani at 36th, ArcelorMittal Chairman and CEO Lakshmi Mittal at 57th and Microsoft's Indian-born CEO Satya Nadella at 64th.
On Modi, Forbes said "India's newest rock star doesn't hail from Bollywood. He is the newly elected Prime Minister who sailed into office in May with a landslide victory, ushering the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) into power after decades of control by the Gandhi dynasty."
Forbes described him as a "Hindu nationalist" and refereed to the 2002 Gujarat riots when he was the state's Chief Minister.
"Modi is credited with massive reconstruction projects in his home state of Gujarat. His administration promises to bring economic rejuvenation to other beleaguered parts of India. The world is as impressed as the citizens of India: So far he's toured the US and China and met with his Southeast Asian neighbours," the magazine said.
This year there are 12 newcomers on the list, including Modi and Egypt President Abdel el-Sisi.
Alibiba founder and China's richest man -- Jack Ma also makes a first appearance on the list after his record-breaking USD 25 billion initial public offering in September, as does terror group Islamic State's chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
A notable omission from the list is Congress Party President Sonia Gandhi, who was the highest ranked Indian last year at 21.
The next Indian after Modi on the list is Ambani at 36th. Forbes said Ambani has business ventures in petrochemicals, manufacturing, oil and gas production, and now wireless sectors, "the sum of which have landed him as the richest person in India for eight years running."
It noted Reliance's USD 655 million acquisition of media outfit Network18.
In October, Modi inaugurated Ambani's Reliance Foundation's new hospital in Mumbai, "ending rumours about Ambani's waning clout in New Delhi," it said.
This is the second year in a row that Putin carries the crown. Obama had previously been on the top of the list for every year with the exception of 2010, when Hu Jintao, the former political and military leader of China, was ranked 1.
The top five remain the same as 2013 --- Chinese President Xi Jinping ranked third, Pope Francis at No. 4 and the world's most powerful woman German Chancellor Angela Merkel ranked fifth.
Fed chief Janet Yellen moves into into sixth position, followed by Bill Gates and European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi.
UK Prime Minister David Cameron slides up to number 10. The most powerful people in business are Google's Larry Page and Sergey Brin, both ranked nine.
The Forbes list of the 'World's 72 Most Powerful People' who "rule the world" features 17 heads of state who run nations with a combined GDP of about USD 48 trillion.
It has 39 CEOs and chairs who control over USD 3.6 trillion in annual revenues. Among the corporate honchos are 14 founders, including the newcomer billionaires to the list, Alibaba's Ma and Tencent's Ma Huateng.
Putin tops the list, pipping US President Obama. Forbes said after a year when Putin annexed Crimea, staged a proxy war in the Ukraine and inked a deal to build a more than USD 70 billion gas pipeline with China, its choice of him as the most powerful person "simply seems prescient."
"Russia looks more and more like an energy-rich, nuclear-tipped rogue state with an undisputed, unpredictable and unaccountable head unconstrained by world opinion in pursuit of its goals," it said.
"Heading into the second half of his second term, Obama seems stymied both by the West African Ebola breakout and a blood-thirsty militia named ISIS, which threaten to undo all the gains of a 9-year war in Iraq that cost the lives of 4,500 Americans," Forbes said.
It said at home, Obama had to address the racially charged images of unrest in Ferguson, Missouri which mocked his 2008 message of "Change."
"On the plus side, unemployment is at its lowest level since the Great Recession and the markets continue test new highs. One word sums up his second place finish: caution. He has the power but has been too cautious to fully exercise it," it said.
Forbes said for the first time, two women, Merkel and Yellen, reach the top 10.
This year there are nine women on the list, representing 12 per cent of the world's most powerful --- in stark contrast to being 50 per cent of the world's population.
While the same number as last year, the inaugural list from 2009 included only three women leaders.
Alexey Miller, CEO of Russian gas giant Gazprom, makes a return appearance after dropping of the list in years past.
The list also includes French President Francois Hollande (17), Iran's Grand Ayatollah Ali Hoseini-Khamenei (19), Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg (22), Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu (26), Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein (27), UN Secretray Geberal Ban Ki-moon (40), forner US President Bill Clinton (44), North Lorean leader Kim Jong-un (49) and Japanese leader Shinzo Abe (63).
FEATURED ARTICLES

With viral campaign  McDonalds attempts to put McRib rumors to restBy Peter Holley November 5 Follow @peterjholley
McDonald's is attempting to put McRib rumors to rest through a viral campaign showing how the sandwich is made. The company brought high school teacher and McDonald's skeptic Wes Bellamy to Lopez Foods, a McDonald’s pork-processing plant in Oklahoma City. (McDonald's)
You’ve heard the rumors about the McRib patty, McDonald’s barbecue pork sandwich first rolled out by the fast-food behemoth in 1981. It’s made from pink slime. It arrives at restaurants frozen beyond recognition. It’s little more than reconstituted pig parts and glue. Yum.
So what’s the truth? High school teacher and vocal McDonald’s skeptic Wes Bellamy was granted the opportunity to find out first hand after one of his tweets last year caught someone’s attention at Mickey D’s.
Wooooooww RT @ABC7News This is what a McRib looks like before it's cooked, for the record. http://t.co/exFr2Js5Jr pic.twitter.com/xGNBGuo3Dh
— Wes Bellamy, M.Ed (@WesBellamy) November 15, 2013
Bellamy was subsequently invited (or perhaps lured) to Lopez Foods, a McDonald’s pork-processing plant in Oklahoma City, where Lopez executive Kevin Nanke set the record straight. On camera.
The resulting video — “Our food. Your questions. What are McRib patties made of?” — features former “MythBusters” host Grant Imahara, and, according to CNET , “is the second installment in the fast-food chain’s attempt address rumors and myths about its food.” Imahara had already gone behind the scenes to investigate the company’s burgers .
CNET points out that McDonald’s “has been using social media to field questions from customers and skeptics alike.” The McRib video was posted by McDonald’s on the company’s YouTube channel.
So what did we learn?
1) McRibs are, apparently, bone-free.
2) Prior to shipment, McRib meat is visually inspected by “highly-trained” individuals.
3) The only ingredients in a McRib patty, according to our trusty guide, are pork, water, salt, dextrose and preservatives, which are used “to lock in the flavor all the way until the restaurant.”
4) A large stamping machine gives the McRib its famous ridged shape.
5) Wes Bellamy is now a big fan of the McRib.
“All of my questions have been answered,” he explained shortly after inhaling a sauce-covered McRib.
“I can’t lie, I actually LIKED the McRib,” he wrote on Instagram.
 
Guess he won’t have any use for this anymore:
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.

Philadelphia police release new videos as search for abducted woman continuesBy Sarah Larimer and Julie Zauzmer November 6 Follow @slarimer Follow @JulieZauzmer
Carlesha Freeland-Gaither’s cousin, Cinquetta Barfield, says it is “a relief to know” the 22-year-old is safe after she was taken from a Philadelphia street. Police believe they have in custody the man who kidnapped Gaither. (Reuters)
Carlesha Freeland-Gaither, a 22-year-old nursing assistant who was violently abducted on a Philadelphia street on Sunday, has been found alive in Maryland.
Local and federal law enforcement officials said at a news conference Wednesday night that Freeland-Gaither was found in a parked car in Jessup, Md. — “in good shape” but with “some injuries” — and that her suspected kidnapper has been arrested.
The man, 37-year-old Delvin Barnes, is being held on an outstanding warrant for capital murder and other crimes; officials said they plan to bring federal charges against him in the abduction of Freeland-Gaither.
Philadelphia Police Chief Charles Ramsey called Barnes “a vicious predator” and said “hopefully, he’ll be in jail for the rest of his life. That’s the only thing he deserves.” He added: “He’s a thug and this is what he does, apparently.”
Ramsey said it was “very special” to find Freeland-Gaither alive.
“I’m taking my baby home!” her mother, Keisha Gaither, said at the news conference.
Freeland-Gaither was taken to Howard County General Hospital after the three-day ordeal. She was released overnight after undergoing medical tests , said hospital spokeswoman Sharon Shopp.
Police have found Carlesha Freeland-Gaither, 22, who was abducted in Philadelphia on Sunday. The kidnapping suspect Delven Barnes, 37, is being held in Virginia on an unrelated warrant for attempted capital murder, Philadelphia Police Chief Ramsey said on Wednesday. (Reuters)
The saga began Sunday night, when Freeland-Gaither was forced into a car , in a terrifying incident captured on video by a security camera. A witness told investigators that Freeland-Gaither, who lost her cellphone and her glasses in the struggle, screamed for help during the abduction on a Philadelphia street.
Her bank card later was used in Aberdeen , near the Maryland-Delaware border; investigators also released a video that showed a man described as a person of interest in a Maryland convenience store.
More than $40,000 was offered as a reward for information in the case .
On Wednesday night, a team of law enforcement agents including U.S. marshals, ATF agents, and FBI agents based in Baltimore located Freeland-Gaither and Barnes in a vehicle parked on the side of a road in Jessup, in Howard County.
The detective who spoke at the media conference in Philadelphia said the vehicle was found on Waterloo Road, just off of Route 1, by a shopping center that includes a Starbucks, an organic grocery store and other stores. It is across the street from a Maryland State Police barrack.
#JustATip can make all the difference. Thank you to EVERYONE for all of their help in bringing #Carlesha home!
— Philadelphia Police (@PhillyPolice) November 6, 2014
Hope Springs Eternal #Carlesha
— Eric Gripp (@PPDEricGripp) November 6, 2014
“You hope, you hope, you hope,” Ramsey said at the news conference. “But you don’t know … this has a happy ending. This woman has gone through a lot of trauma in the last few days, and we need to respect her privacy.”
A Philadelphia police detective said at the news conference that investigators did not know of any link between Barnes and Freeland-Gaither.
Police and FBI agents at the press conference thanked members of the public for calling in tips that led to the identification of Barnes and of his vehicle. The detective said that Barnes was a former resident of Philadelphia who also had ties to Virginia.
Dana Hedgpeth contributed to this report.
[This post has been updated.]
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.
Julie Zauzmer is a local news reporter.

PDP accuses BJP of playing communalpoliticsPrint
By: Express News Service | Jammu/srinagar | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:39 am
PDP president Mehbooba Mufti on Wednesday trained guns at BJP, which appears to be its main challenger in the Assembly elections, as she cautioned people against certain forces damaging the secular fabric of Jammu and Kashmir, and said attempts were being made to communally polarise the state.
Addressing a poll rally at Ramban, Mufti said that “the current electoral contest was directly between PDP and BJP”, but the latter was using “negative tactics to “somehow improve its numbers in the Assembly”.
“The people of J&K have always resisted such forces,” she said.
Senior NC worker resigns from party
SRINAGAR: Ahead of the Assembly elections, National Conference has received a major jolt as one of its oldest worker and
member of the central working committee, Sheikh Ghulam Rasool, has resigned from the party. Sheikh, considered close to party president Farooq Abdullah, on Wednesday submitted his resignation to Chief Minster Omar Abdullah.

Tesla unplugged ahead of profit reportTesla unplugged ahead of profit report
By: Matt Krantz November 5, 2014 1:05 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Investors are selling off shares of electric car maker Tesla (TSLA) ahead of its quarterly profit report, where it’s expected to fall back into the red.
Shares of the stock closed down $8.31, or 3.5%, to $230.57 as investors prepare for the high-flying stock to breakeven on an adjusted basis. That would be the first time Tesla hasn’t been profitable on this basis in more than a year. Following official accounting rules, the company is expected to lose 40 cents a share.
Losses continue to mount despite the company’s progress selling more cars. Revenue for the quarter is seen rising nearly 50% to $893.8 million during the September quarter.
Tesla is definitely a stock for the fast-money crowd. Shares of the stock are still up nearly 60% this year as investors applaud the company’s growth growth. And Tesla has a track record of beating profit forecasts. It’s topped profit views in each of the past five straight quarters, says S&P Capital IQ. During the quarter ended in June, Tesla reported a quarterly profit of 11 cents a share on an adjusted basis, topping expectations by 175%.
Well see after the close what this company can do.
 

Pope Francis mulls removing marriage annulmentchargesPope Francis on Wednesday denounced the hardships Catholics can face when seeking marriage annulments.
By: Associated Press | Vatican City | Posted: November 6, 2014 2:02 am
Pope Francis on Wednesday denounced the hardships Catholics can face when seeking marriage annulments, revealing he once fired an official who tried to charge thousands of dollars for one.
Francis told participants at a Vatican course for officials dealing with annulments that as bishop of Buenos Aires, he was dismayed to learn that some faithful needed to travel hundreds of kilometers (miles) and lose days of work to reach church tribunals.
He also recalled sacking an unidentified church tribunal official, possibly a lawyer, who told someone: “Give me $10,000 and I’ll take care” of the annulment process.
“One must be careful that the procedures don’t become a business,” Francis said.
The Vatican teaches that matrimony is a sacrament and forbids divorce. Many Catholics wanting to end their marriages seek annulments, a church ruling their union was invalid and thus, essentially, never existed. Possible reasons include a spouse who never intended to be faithful or who was psychologically too immature to understand the forever nature of marriage in the Catholic church.
Annulments allow Catholics to marry again in the church.
Francis said he was considering requests, made at a recent Vatican meeting of bishops about families, to make annulments cost-free.
Many dioceses customarily ask annulment petitioners to pay hundreds of dollars to defray administrative costs, but some are now dropping fees, as a northern Indiana diocese started doing last month.
Francis reiterated his resolve to streamline annulment processes, which are sometimes “so long and so weighty,” he said, that people become “discouraged.”
Divorced Catholics who remarry without annulments cannot receive Communion since the Vatican considers them as adulterers living in sin. Many such divorced Catholics are hoping the pontiff, who says he wants a merciful church, will relent and let them receive Communion.

In go-it-alone season at BJP  lotus shadow over AkaliDalPrint
Written by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:57 am
A top Delhi BJP leader said on Tuesday that the lotus was going to be the face of the party’s campaign in state polls. It turns out, the lotus could also be the face of ally SAD’s campaign.
BJP’s strategy in recent Assembly polls showed it was not going to bend too much to the wishes of its allies. It is now likely that one of its oldest allies, Shiromani Akali Dal, will have to contest on the BJP symbol.
A senior party leader said the SAD symbol — weighing scales — is not much recognised in Delhi and the BJP is likely to give tickets to SAD candidates only on its own symbol.
The SAD bargained for four seats in December’s elections, but two of its candidates contested on the lotus, whereas one BJP candidate contested on the Akali symbol. Of the two SAD candidates who fought on the Akali symbol, only one was elected. But before the elections, the SAD was buoyed by a sweeping victory in the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee in January 2013 and had begun negotiations with the BJP for eight seats.
“We can’t risk our seats because of an alliance. Delhi voters recognise our symbol and not of Akalis. They can use the lotus. As allies, what difference does it make?” said a senior leader.
Asked if he would contest on the BJP symbol, Manjinder Singh Sirsa, who was elected MLA from Rajouri in last December’s Assembly polls, said, “I have contested on the BJP symbol once. But whether I do the same again, it’s for the party leaders to decide.”

Telanganas maiden budget presented amid protests byOppnPrint
By: Express News Service | Hyderabad | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:54 am
BJP MLAs in Telangana walked to the Assembly carrying lanterns to underline the worsening power crisis in the state as Finance Minister Etala Rajender presented the new state’s maiden budget on Wednesday.
The five BJP MLAs, including Telangana unit chief G Kishan Reddy, walked from the junction near the Assembly complex carrying lanterns and placards highlighting the plight of farmers who were allegedly committing suicide due to lack of power and water. When they tried to enter the Assembly building, they were stopped by security guards who refused to let them enter with the lanterns.
Rajender presented a budget with a total expenditure of Rs 1,00,637 crore for 10 months. He said that suggestions were sought from people from across the state, right from the village level, and the government tried to address everyone’s concerns. The non-plan expenditure is Rs 51,989 crore and the plan expenditure is Rs 48,648 crore, while the fiscal deficit is pegged at Rs 17,398 crore.
The budget came under criticism from opposition parties, which called it disappointing due to poor planning and insufficient allocations for core sectors such as power and water. The BJP, Congress and TDP MLAs took out separate rallies as a mark of protest.

Boy detained for wearing t-shirt with ISIS printed onitTwo persons were on Wednesday detained for questioning after their T-shirts had inscription of terror outfit ISIS.
By: Express News Service | Ranchi | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:49 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 3:33 pm
A teenaged boy has been detained at Jharia police station in Dhanbad after he was seen wearing a t-shirt with the words ‘ISIS’ and ‘Pakistan’ etched on it. He was carrying what resembled the Pakistani national flag.
The boy, who is not being named as police suspect he is a minor aged 16, was seen wearing the t-shirt at the Muharram procession on Tuesday. He was picked up on Wednesday for interrogation after some individuals brought it to the attention of local police. Since then, the Intelligence Bureau as well as Jharkhand police’s Special Branch have interrogated him.
The man who printed the t-shirt and the boy’s relative who gave it to him have also been detained. The printer told police he was asked to prepare only one t-shirt by the boy’s relative. The boy said that he was preparing for a skit. “He told us that he was going to perform a skit to show how we should resist ISIS and Pakistan. He said he does not have any connection to either of the two,” said DSP Sindri, Ramashankar Singh.

26/11: Cops get nod to challenge info panel order againstMariaPrint
Written by Zeeshan Shaikh | Mumbai | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:46 am
The state Home Department on Wednesday approved an appeal filed by the Mumbai Police, allowing them to approach the Bombay High Court to challenge an order passed by State Chief Information Commissioner Ratanakar Gaikwad in July, seeking a commission of inquiry against Mumbai Police Commissioner Rakesh Maria.
Gaikwad’s contention while passing the order was that Maria was trying to hide information relating to the 26/11 terror attacks sought under RTI by withholding and providing misleading information about the call logs of wireless conversations between the police control room and slain IPS officer Ashok Kamte’s van on the day of his death.
“An appeal memo vetted by the Mumbai Police was approved by the Home Department today. The Mumbai Police can now submit their appeal against the SCIC order in the High Court,” a state government official said on Wednesday. The appeal is based on the Mumbai Police contention that the SCIC exceeded his jurisdiction in calling for an inquiry against the police commissioner. “The main contention of the appeal is the jurisdictional overreach shown by the SCIC,” the official said.
Gaekwad and the police machinery have been at loggerheads for a while now. The police had earlier challenged in court his order in which he said that the Bombay Police Manual should be made public.
Gaikwad’s order against Maria came on an appeal filed by Vinita Kamte, wife of Ashok Kamte. She had submitted an application under the RTI in 2009, seeking log records of the South Mumbai Police channel. The information was earlier denied. Vinita then appealed to the SCIC and subsequently information was provided but there were serious discrepancies in the information given to her on November 2009 and February 2010.
Pulling up Maria, the SCIC had raised doubts on whether he was trying to hide information relating to the 26/11 attacks. He had also told the state government to institute a commission of inquiry into the entire incident on why misleading information was provided in an incident of such prominence.

I believe Modi will repeal AFSPA from Manipur: IromSharmilaIrom Sharmila.
Written by Esha Roy | Imphal | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:43 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 1:17 pm
On the day she began the 15th year of her fast to protest AFSPA in Manipur, Irom Sharmila Chanu said she firmly believed Prime Minister Narendra Modi would repeal the controversial law from the state.
“When I watched what happened in Godhra, I thought Modi is a very dangerous man. But in 2009, I dreamt that he was standing in front of me and smiling. And now, he has become PM. Since then, I have a firm conviction that this man will repeal AFSPA from Manipur, he is capable of doing it. That is my gut instinct, that is my conviction,” she said from a room in the special ward of Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Sciences that has been her home for over a decade.
“Why can’t it be possible. He (Modi) is from the birthplace of Gandhiji whose principles I follow. He will respect his leader’s principles,’’she added. On the day she completes 15 years of her protest, Gwangju awardees and rights activists Dr Binayak Sen and Lenin Raghuvanshi along with a host of other luminaries flocked to meet Sharmila.
“People see me as a separatist. But, I am struggling for India’s integrity. After the way the army has behaved, if the government does not repeal AFSPA, then Manipur will get automatically get separated from India,” she said.
She added, “The problem in Manipur right now is that we feel discriminated. Every now and then, Northeastern people are attacked, simply because our facial features and food are different. They can’t see us as equals.”

Marriage portals to firewall fake  groomsOn its official website, Uber, the high-profile ride-sharing service, claims that it offers the 'safest rides in the world' by 'setting the strictest safety standards possible'. Poll: Are our cities unsafe for women?
SIMPLY PUT
For the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

S&P 500 hits record as rally continues after electionWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Sandro Miller does all Malkovich  all the timeLeft: Timothy Clary/AFP Getty Images, Right: Sandro Miller/Catherine Edelman Gallery
In this photograph, Sandro and Malkovich recreate Andy Warhol's 1964 painting "Turquoise Marilyn."
In this photograph, Sandro and Malkovich recreate Andy Warhol's 1964 painting "Turquoise Marilyn." (Left: Timothy Clary/AFP Getty Images, Right: Sandro Miller/Catherine Edelman Gallery)
Caption Malkovich and Che Guevara
Left: Alberto Korda/Museo Che Guevara, Right: Sandro Miller/Catherine Edelman Gallery
In this photograph, Sandro and Malkovich recreate the Che Guevara by Alberto Korda.
In this photograph, Sandro and Malkovich recreate the Che Guevara by Alberto Korda. (Left: Alberto Korda/Museo Che Guevara, Right: Sandro Miller/Catherine Edelman Gallery)
Caption Malkovich and Florence Owens
Left: Dorothea Lange/Library of Congress, Right: Sandro Miller/Catherine Edelman Gallery
In this photograph, Sandro and Malkovich recreate Dorothea Lange's 1936 image of Florence Owens Thompson in Nipomo, California. The photograph has become an icon of the Great Depression.
In this photograph, Sandro and Malkovich recreate Dorothea Lange's 1936 image of Florence Owens Thompson in Nipomo, California. The photograph has become an icon of the Great Depression. (Left: Dorothea Lange/Library of Congress, Right: Sandro Miller/Catherine Edelman Gallery)
Caption Malkovich the beekeeper and Malkovich as identical twins
Sandro Miller/Catherine Edelman
In this photograph, Sandro and Malkovich recreate Richard Avedon's "Ronald Fisher, Beekeeper"(left) and Diane Arbus' "Identical Twins."
In this photograph, Sandro and Malkovich recreate Richard Avedon's "Ronald Fisher, Beekeeper"(left) and Diane Arbus' "Identical Twins." (Sandro Miller/Catherine Edelman)
All Malkovich, all the time. It's art. Really.
Sandro Miller and John Malkovich at Catherine Edelman
The first thing to know about "Malkovich, Malkovich, Malkovich: Homage to Photographic Masters," the new exhibition opening at the Catherine Edelman Gallery in River North on Saturday, is that the artists mean it.
They do, they really do.
Chicago commercial photographer Sandro Miller and his muse of many years, actor John Malkovich — their latest collaboration is not ironic. It's not a joke or a prank. They met 17 years ago when Miller was shooting the Steppenwolf Theatre Company, of which Malkovich is a member; they have traveled since to Croatia (to do a Nikon advertising campaign) and made films together (their short "Butterflies" won Miller a New Director Award in 2011 at an international advertising festival in Cannes). "I have done nudes of John. I have dressed John like Henry VII, I have dressed John like the devil. And I once suspended John from a cross," Miller said.
Sandro Miller
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Photographer Sandro Miller at his studio
Photographer Sandro Miller at his studio (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
"And John's never said no."
Which was good, because for "Malkovich, Malkovich, Malkovich," their most elaborate and exhaustive partnership yet, Malkovich would have to become Mick Jagger, Andy Warhol, Marilyn Monroe, Muhammad Ali, Ernest Hemingway, Salvador Dali, Albert Einstein, Bette Davis, a Dust Bowl mother and a pair of young female twins. Essentially, the actor would have to slip — if only for an instant — into the subject of more than two dozen iconic photos, portraits that Miller said "changed the way I thought about photography over the years, pictures that remind me a strong portrait of someone can change the way we think of a person."
Again, the intent, serious.

Hank Greenberg Sued The Government For Bailing Out AIG  And He Actually Might WinHank Greenberg Sued The Government For Bailing Out AIG, And He Actually Might Win
Posted:
Of all the crazy things people have said about former AIG chief Maurice "Hank" Greenberg's lawsuit against the government, the craziest was that he just might win.
It's sounding less crazy all the time.
The possibility of a Greenberg victory at trial, which began six weeks ago is no longer unthinkable. According to a Bloomberg report, Greenberg has a real shot of winning his argument that the U.S. government bailed out the insurance firm he founded on "unfair" terms. Greenberg and his star lawyer, David Boies, may walk away with a $25 billion judgment in the case.
As Buzzfeed’s Matthew Zeitlin pointed out, $25 billion is twice the value of all housing aid given through TARP, the highly-criticized relief program that was supposed to help out troubled mortgage holders. It’s also equal to the total value of TARP money set aside for housing that remains unspent. The talking points write themselves.
If Greenberg wins, “the howling will start,” says Susan Webber told Bloomberg, who blogs under the pseudonym Yves Smith at Naked Capitalism.
A legal ruling that AIG shareholders were victims of the government bailout that saved those same shareholders' stake in the company from being worth zero would be galling. If Greenberg walks away with billions, the public outrage will hit 11. No one argues that his firm could have survived without government intervention.
Worse still, if Greenberg wins, it seems that he will do so, in part, for a completely pointless reason.
Bloomberg reports that the judge in the case, Thomas Wheeler, “appears intent on writing an opinion that will guide what regulators are permitted to do in the next financial crisis.” Elliott Stein, a legal analyst at Bloomberg, says Wheeler “sees a real absence of established precedent about what the government can do.”
This is a weird thing for a federal judge to think, because the law is now established on this topic. It wasn't at the time of the AIG bailout, which is why Greenberg raises the issue of fairness and Wheeler seems sympathetic to it.
The government's response is, essentially, it was 2008 and we did what we had to.
Whatever you think of these arguments, precedent, in the form of a judicial opinion, is no longer needed.
As The Huffington Post wrote when the trial started, the Dodd-Frank financial reform act is very clear about the structure of future bailouts. It alters the Federal Reserve’s emergency lending powers to prohibit an individual firm from being bailed out. Instead, any extraordinary lending must to made to a broad class of firms. The rate of that lending must be the Fed's discount rate (the rate at which the Fed routinely lends to banks). Under these rules, AIG could not be bailed out in the way it was. Mike Konczal of the Roosevelt Institute wrote in 2012 , “Dodd-Frank goes out of its way to pre-commit against further bailouts” aimed at individual companies. If in the next crisis, Dodd-Frank doesn't provide enough authority, Congress can simply pass a bill that provides it.
If Wheeler sides with Greenberg, he will unnecessarily clarify what Congress has already codified, and could supersede if necessary, while recklessly cause public outrage.
More:

Genpact Reports Results for the Third Quarter of 2014Genpact Reports Results for the Third Quarter of 2014
Race for Goa CM post intensifiesRace for Goa CM post intensifies
Sensex crosses 28000 mark on hopes of reforms  rate cutSensex crosses 28000 mark on hopes of reforms  rate cut
FM Arun Jaitley promises more reforms  divestment of loss-making PSUsFM Arun Jaitley promises more reforms  divestment of loss-making PSUs
Long road ahead on reforms  says JaitleyLong road ahead on reforms  says Jaitley
Victorious Republicans face familiar dilemma: fight or cut dealsVictorious Republicans face familiar dilemma: fight or cut deals
India 4th most vacation-deprived countryIndia 4th most vacation-deprived country
Muthoot Finance September Quarter Net Down 19%Muthoot Finance September Quarter Net Down 19%
PRECIOUS-Gold tumbles 2 pct to four-year low  $1 000/oz exposedPRECIOUS-Gold tumbles 2 pct to four-year low  $1 000/oz exposed
Rebuff to Obama  warning to DemocratsAngry losers blame unpopular Obama
Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a59e79ce-650a-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maura Judkis and Fritz HahnU.S. had world’s most extreme temperatures in November
Jason Samenow
The eastern half of North America, compared to average, was colder than anywhere else in the world during November, according to an analysis.
World Meteorological Organization: Earth headed towards warmest year on record
Jason Samenow
2014 is on track to be the planet’s warmest year since records began in the late 1800s
More by  Jason Samenow : 2014

Exelon behind pro-nuclear website in Illinois6
Exelon's website also points out that rules proposed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency call for reductions in carbon emissions from existing power plants. "The closure of Illinois' nuclear facilities will result in significant increases in carbon and other pollutants and will make it difficult for Illinois to comply with these new rules," the website states.
Several state agencies also are working on reports at the behest of the legislature to identify the economic and environmental benefits of nuclear power to Illinois. Those reports are expected between Nov. 15 and Jan. 15, according to Exelon.
David Kraft, director of Nuclear Energy Information Service, a Chicago-based nuclear watchdog group, said state agencies are being asked to create "bogus self-fulfilling prophecy reports" to aid Exelon's lobbying efforts.
"If you play out the total effects of continuing Exelon's nuclear fleet, the negatives are staggering, and very detrimental to renewables and (energy) efficiency plans," he said.
Paul Elsberg, an Exelon spokesman, said the website and associated social media accounts are an "Exelon-backed effort to educate customers and legislators."
Exelon, using the Twitter handle @NuclearPowersIL, tweeted a link Oct. 1 to a Nuclear Energy Institute report that cites the benefits Exelon's nuclear fleet provides to Illinois' economy. NEI is a policy institution that works on behalf of the nuclear industry.
The report estimates Exelon's Illinois nuclear plants generate $8.9 billion of economic output annually and 28,000 direct and indirect jobs. The plants employ nearly 6,000 people.
The Nuclear Energy Institute report points to Exelon's Byron, Quad Cities and Clinton plants as facing potential closing. Exelon has said the plants are in danger of being closed "because they face a perfect storm of economic challenges that threaten their continued operation," according to the letter Exelon is encouraging people to send to legislators.
Clinton's operating costs are the highest per megawatt-hour compared with its sister plants. Clinton, which supplies electricity to 1 million homes, also is vulnerable because it sells electricity to a market flush with cheap electricity generated by wind turbines.
Exelon has said that Quad Cities and Byron compete with low-cost electricity generated by wind power along the Iowa border. In response, wind advocates contend Exelon is failing to compete against cheaper forms of power, including from natural gas plants, and that wind is not to blame.
It is difficult to get a full picture of the financial health of individual plants. Exelon's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission do not break down profits produced by individual plants.
Exelon also has been lobbying the PJM Interconnection, which oversees the electrical grid in 13 states including the ComEd region in Illinois, to enact policies that reward power plants that have fuel on hand at all times. Such a rule would financially benefit Exelon because nuclear fuel is on hand at its nuclear plant sites.
During last winter's polar vortex, natural gas-fired power plants that had agreed to be available to provide electricity to the grid had a difficult time getting fuel via pipelines as they competed against utilities supplying natural gas to heat homes.

Something Fishy Going on at Red Lobstersomething fishy going on at red lobster
Tapping the Potential of Boardroom Diversityreddit
Thomson Reuters recently hosted a panel presented by the Women's Bond Club called "Trading on Diversity: New Investment Vehicles Target Women's Leadership for Progress and Profit." The panel, of which I was a member, met to discuss new and emerging diversity on corporate boards, specifically looking at financial vehicles that center their investment strategies around gender diversity in leadership.
Gender diversity in the boardroom has been a topic of interest for some time, and in recent years I've seen more focus in financial services on using gender equality as an investment concept. I've long believed that having women leaders is good for business. Thomson Reuters recently weighed in on the topic with a research report, " Climb to the Top--Tracking Gender Diversity on Corporate Boards ." Using our Asset4 database, the study looked at 4,255 public companies around the world. The takeaway is mixed. Of those companies, 64% have women on the board, but only 20% of them have boards comprised of more than 20% women. The trend towards diversity on boards is moving in the right direction, but there's still work to be done.
The study also found that indices made up of companies with mixed boards generally outperform their benchmark. Indices of companies with no women in the boardroom had slightly higher tracking errors than those with mixed boards, a sign their portfolios may have more volatility. On average, these indices underperformed compared to those tracking firms with mixed boards. Perhaps no surprise there for those of us who are engaged in the issue of women's leadership.
Another key trend is the growing number of countries embracing the concept of legislation to foster board diversity, with Europe, the Middle East, and Africa leading the way. Many countries, such as Norway, have adopted a 40:40:20 rule mandating that boards be comprised of at least 40% of each gender, with the remaining 20% open to men or women. Some observers say quotas may be one solution, and that this type of framework is necessary to turn the tide on centuries of bias, while others suggest this strategy will backfire on women. Personally I favor the approach pursued by my home country, Australia, where the percentage of women on listed ASX  200 companies rose to 18.9% after a governance framework was established. But while quotas may be unlikely to take hold here in the States, we should at least consider term limits as a strategy to make sure board seats are regularly opened up for new talent.
With this increasing focus and momentum around women on boards; the challenge will inevitably turn to the issue of the board-ready talent pool -- a good problem to have, perhaps.
To serve on a board, a candidate needs experience running a P&L business within the company. That means if women are to be prepared for the demands of board membership they must first be given opportunities farther down the organizational chart. It's a matter of investing in talent early--building a pipeline, as it were--so that it will pay off for the long haul. If there aren't enough women getting line experience, there won't be enough female board candidates. It's that simple.
Doing the Math: Diversity on the Board Equals a Diversity of Ideas
My personal view on this is straightforward: Businesses should no longer see equal opportunity as a matter of choice, but as a matter of good governance. The female perspective is not necessarily better or more insightful than the male perspective, but it is different. Board diversity is about combining alternate and complementary views to arrive at a winning result.
One idea in particular resonates for me. It's called the "Power of Three": One woman is a token, two are a presence, and three are a voice. Some would argue that company boards--which, after all, exist to offer insight on important strategic decisions--need that power because of the potential it offers. In today's competitive market, businesses must be nimble if they are to successfully tackle globalization, unanticipated competition, and an ever-changing landscape, and they need to be prepared to understand the cultures of new markets into which they're expanding. And lest we forget the obvious - they need to understand the behaviors of their customer base, which in most businesses does have a large and increasingly influential female constituent.
Diversity of gender brings a diversity of thought. Getting more women involved reduces groupthink, unlocks fresh perspectives and fosters innovation and organizational creativity -- ultimately emulating a diverse customer base. Only with a broad range of viewpoints can a board make governance and advisory functions meaningful and offer a balanced approach to risk management.
Women should also view board membership as an opportunity to drive change and make a difference.
A number of financial firms, including Barclays, Pax World, and Morgan Stanley, are "walking the talk" by launching funds focused on investing in companies that have a strong roster of female executives and/or board members. A recent Talent for Innovation study found that 52% of women in the U.S. want to invest in organizations with diverse leadership. These investors want both a fair return and to have an impact.
Doesn't everybody?
Debra Walton is currently the Chief Content Officer at Thomson Reuters and an executive sponsor of the Thomson Reuters Women's Network. All views expressed are her own.
Follow her on Twitter @DebraAWalton
Follow Debra Walton on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DebraAWalton
More:

Jun Sato / GC Imagesjun sato / gc images
Accounting firm BDO expands to OhioAccounting firm BDO expands to Ohio
Chicago Tribune
BDO USA snaps up SS&G of Ohio.
BDO USA, a Chicago-based accounting firm, will expand to Ohio with what it calls the largest acquisition in the firm's 104-year history.
BDO said Wednesday it will merge with Cleveland-based SS&G, which will add more than 375 people, including 36 partners. The deal will not include SS&G's wealth management, health care and payroll services divisions. Terms of the transaction, which is expected to close Jan. 1, were not disclosed.
0
"This transaction provides a major strategic addition to BDO's Midwest presence," BDO USA's Chief Executive Wayne Berson said in a statement. "With SS&G, we are gaining a leading presence in Ohio and greatly enhancing our existing practice in the greater Chicago market."
Under Berson, who has been CEO for two years, BDO USA has expanded to several new markets, including Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, Minneapolis and Fort Worth, Texas, primarily through acquisitions.
For the fiscal year ended June 30, BDO USA said its revenue increased 22 percent to $833 million. Acquisitions accounted for about half of the firm's growth, BDO said. The firm's audit business represents more than half of the firm's revenue.
Combined with SS&G, BDO will have a staff of 4,554, including 399 partners, a BDO spokesman said.

What Small Business Can Expect in the New CongressThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

http://usat.ly/1tAp3bpFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs as GOP takes Senate
Wall Street investors are driving major market indexes higher Wednesday -- the Dow hitting a new all-time high -- after the Republican party secured control of the U.S. Senate for the first time in eight years on Tuesday.
Post to Facebook
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs as GOP takes Senate Wall Street investors are driving major market indexes higher Wednesday -- the Dow hitting a new all-time high -- after the Republican party secured control of the U.S. Senate for the first time in eight years on Tuesday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qpmlSA
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
43
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow, S&P 500 close at record highs as GOP takes Senate
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:13 p.m. EST November 5, 2014
Video Keywords White House Washington Obama
USA TODAY's David Callaway discusses what election night and the Republicans taking over the Senate mean for Wall Street. VPC
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  The real big news of the night is GOP wins
00:03  today. We know about the reaction of the main street what's
00:06  the likely reaction on Wall Street. Wall Street you know like
00:10  this a lot the reaction almost it's gonna be different than
00:12  any reaction main street main street politics yeah a lot of
00:16  folks who like that Obama. Party lost a lot will not
00:19  like it and I'll be gridlock and Obey problems Wall Street
00:23  loves gridlock. Wall Street loves. Nothing happening in Washington that. Their
00:28  foot is no uncertainty. For Wall Street so the best years
00:32  of Wall Street history of always condor and gridlocked congress and
00:35  White House. Well so I a couple of general principles are
00:39  much discipline. This is GOP need to to take this advantage
00:44  of wood into something. A consequence and we're sixteen for the
00:48  presidential. Well of course that's the big question here will lay.
00:51  Get cocky with this win and determined that it is a
00:54  mandate for their policies and move forward to the right which
00:57  would be dangerous when it went back. They won because they
01:00  put together some really quality candidates in the key states. And
01:05  it's a actually they can build on that level far better
01:08  chance in 2016. The many given them credit for however they
01:12  take it as a mandate they moved too far right. They
01:15  put themselves back in danger again. About the Democrats the kids
01:18  at Winston and the next three years what what what's your
01:21  task. Well their task is to rebuild they've got a lot
01:24  of work to do in the next two years not just
01:26  in putting forth the presidential candidate Hillary or whoever. But how
01:30  they can rebuild and some of the states that they lost
01:32  some of them to where Obama had one of the presidential
01:34  election so. They've got a big task ahead of them and
01:37  I think. Part of it was the win in 2012. Made
01:41  them a little cocky and they gave they gave some big
01:43  strides to the GOP.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
876 CONNECT 283 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 43 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks jumped back into record territory Wednesday after the Republican party secured control of the U.S. Senate for the first time in eight years Tuesday.
Investors are hoping for a more business-friendly approach from Washington in terms of taxes and regulations.
The Dow Jones industrial average gained 100.69 points, or 0.6%, to a record closing high of 17,484.53 and set a new intraday high of 17,486.59.
The Standard & Poor's jumped 11.47, or 0.6%, to an all-time closing high of 2023.57.
Bucking the positive trend, the Nasdaq composite index dipped 2.91 points, or 0.1%, to 4620.72.
It seemed clear that Nov. 4 was going to be a very good day for the Republicans. It just wasn't clear HOW good http://t.co/k2ZzCkXABJ
Historically, Wall Street thrives with a Republican-controlled Congress and a Democratic president , according to Sam Stovall, U.S. equity strategist at S&P Capital IQ.
"Investors may have forgotten that the combination of a Democratic president and a unified Republican Congress has been accompanied by the best average performance for the S&P 500 since 1945," Stovall told clients in a report early Monday.
The Republican landslide, which gave it full control of both chambers of Congress , does matter to markets. But, "we wouldn't say this election is a game changer," says Bob Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen Asset Management. He dubs the change in the U.S. political landscape a "modest shift."
INVESTING: What the election means for your money
Oil prices halted their recent slide and rose for the first time in five days, climbing $1.50 to $78.74 a barrel. Oil prices have been in a slump since the summer and fell further at the start of the week after Saudi Arabia decided to sell its oil at bargain prices to the U.S. in a bid to maintain its market share amid a boom in U.S. production.
In economic news:
• Payroll processor ADP said Wednesday that b usinesses added 230,000 jobs in October, possibly foreshadowing another strong month of employment gains in the government's closely watched report due Friday.
• Services firms expanded more slowly in October , but the pace of growth was still healthy. Hiring also rose to the fastest pace in more than nine years.
Chrysler Group gained after it said it had third-quarter net income of $611 million, up 32% from a year ago. Revenue was $20.7 billion, up 18%. The automaker ( FCAU ) said it sold 711,000 vehicles worldwide in the quarter, up 18%.
In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.4%, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 0.6% and the Shanghai composite fell 0.5%.
European benchmarks posted strong gains, with Britain's FTSE 100 up 1.3%, Germany's DAX 1.6% higher and France's CAC 40 leaping 1.9%.
Contributing: James R. Healey, William Cummings, The Associated Press.
Victory and concession speeches of 2014 election in 90 seconds
Watch the highlights of the victory and concession speeches for the 2014 election.
1 of 23
See more video
Wendy Davis defeated in Texas governor's race
Texas gubernatorial candidate Wendy Davis loses to Republican candidate Greg Abbott. The Democratic state senator stayed at her election watch party to shake the hand of the last of her supporters. VPC
2 of 23
See more video
USA TODAY's Susan Page: GOP gets control with cushion
Republicans officially seized the Senate majority for the first time in eight years on Tuesday night. USA TODAY's Susan Page says this shows how frustrated the voters have been with Washington.
3 of 23
See more video
Republican Thom Tillis wins election to Senate
Republicans rolled up the string of victories they needed Tuesday night to seize control the Senate, the biggest prize in the midterm elections, and North Carolina put them over the top in what became the most expensive Senate race in the nation. (N AP
4 of 23
See more video
Republican wave rips Senate away from Democrats
Republicans took over the Senate from Democrats and captured big wins across the country in a convincing and dramatic victory in the 2014 elections. VPC
5 of 23
See more video
Tennessee lets lawmakers restrict abortions
Tennessee voters backed Amendment 1 by a solid margin. The measure gives state lawmakers more power to restrict and regulate abortions. VPC
6 of 23
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal wins another term
Republican Nathan Deal has been re-elected as governor of Georgia, holding back Democratic challenger Jason Carter.
7 of 23
See more video
Landrieu ready to face Cassidy in Dec. runoff
Democratic incumbent Senator Mary Landrieu and Republican Bill Cassidy will face off in a December 6th runoff election. (Nov. 4) AP
8 of 23
See more video
Perdue: Georgians wants someone to fight for them
Republican David Perdue has won the Georgia Senate race, defeating Democrat Michelle Nunn. He announced to a cheering crowd that he wants to work to fix a "broken Washington."
9 of 23
See more video
Michigan's Gary Peters gets key victory for Dems
Democrats get an important victory in Michigan's mid-term elections soon after the polls closed with U.S. Rep. Gary Peters winning a U.S. Senate seat.
10 of 23
See more video
Cotton plans to get straight to work after winning Arkansas
The winner of the Senate race in Arkansas, Tom Cotton, beat out his Democratic opponent, Mark Pryor. Cotton says he plans to get straight to work in his new role.
11 of 23
See more video
Rick Scott wins in Florida, supporters 'oblivious'
Florida Republican Rick Scott defeated Democrat Charlie Crist in one of the most closely watched gubernatorial races in the country.
12 of 23
See more video
McConnell: Parties don't have to always conflict
The win puts Mitch McConnell (R-Kentucky) in prime position to become the Senate's next Majority Leader if the GOP can win the six seats it needs to wrest control of the chamber from Democrats.
13 of 23
See more video
Grimes concedes Kentucky Senate race
Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes gave a heartfelt concession speech in Louisville Tuesday following her projected loss to longtime Sen. Mitch Mcconnell. (Nov. 4) AP
14 of 23
See more video
Signs Point to Good night for GOP
Results are starting to pour in from the midterm elections that will determine control of the Senate and early indicators are that it will be a strong night for Republicans. AP's Steve Peoples takes a look at some of the early races. (Nov. 4) AP
15 of 23
See more video
GOP's Capito wins Senate seat in West Virginia
Republican Shelley Moore Capito has soundly defeated Democrat Natalie Tennant in West Virginia's open U.S. Senate race. (Nov. 4) AP
16 of 23
See more video
Flashy map shows Twitter trends on Election Day
People took to Twitter to announce when they voted on November 4th. This interactive map shows the trends throughout the U.S. on Election Day.
17 of 23
See more video
Cotton: The people of Arkansas have made their choice
Republican Tom Cotton is the projected winner of the Senate race in Arkansas. Speaking to a crowded room of supporters, he stated that it is a true honor to serve the state that he calls home.
18 of 23
Election 2014 in one word
Watch: College students describe the election in one word Your Take/USA TODAY College
19 of 23
See more video
Voting machine problems anger Virginia candidate
Officials with Rep. Scott Rigell and Virginia's Republican Party are calling for paper ballots after receiving reports of problems with some voting machines. Voters say when they select one candidate, the machines choose another. VPC
20 of 23
See more video
Facebook and Twitter play bigger role on Election Day
It's finally here. Election Day. Find out how social media platforms are getting into the game of politics. VPC
21 of 23
See more video
Polling problems turn some voters away in Indiana
Some voters in Floyd County, Indiana were asked to go to different places at the last minute due to problems with voting machines. Others waited in unusually long lines. VPC
22 of 23
See more video
'Can I join your party?': Top election pickup lines
Do more than just exercise your right to vote at the polls this Election Day. (USA NEWS, USA TODAY)
23 of 23

Colombian city Cartagena to remove Prince Charless memorialplaqueThe Colombian city of Cartagena will remove a plaque laid by Prince Charles following a controversy.
By: Agence-France Presse | Bogota | Posted: November 6, 2014 3:05 am
The Colombian city of Cartagena will remove a plaque laid by Prince Charles following controversy over his tribute to the English dead in a failed attempt to capture the city in 1741.
The plaque unveiled Friday in a colonial fort acknowledged the “valor and suffering” of those who died while “seeking to take the city” from the Spanish.
Some local residents were angered by the tribute because it made no direct mention of the Spanish lives lost while they successfully defended the city from British assault.
It was partially damaged by an activist yesterday, local media reported.
“Putting a plaque in honour of the British is like a bank putting a plaque in honor of the thieves who robbed from it,” regional governor Juan Carlos Gossain told El Tiempo newspaper.
“Vernon came to steal and plunder Cartagena but could not,” Gossain said about the English Admiral Edward Vernon who led the attack.
The port was under siege for a week in 1741 during the colonial wars over control of the Caribbean. Thousands of fighters were killed in the battle.
The victory by the overmatched Spanish forces was critical to the country’s continued dominance of the Americas in the 1700’s.

Ahead of his visit  China paper calls Obama a banal leader  says hes doing an insipidjobChina's state-run media decried Barack Obama as a banal leader who has done an "insipid job".
By: Agence-France Presse | Beijing | Posted: November 6, 2014 2:46 am
China’s state-run media today decried Barack Obama as a banal leader who has done an “insipid job”, days ahead of a visit by the US president.
The editorial in the Global Times, which has close ties to China’s ruling Communist Party, came as US election results showed the Republicans poised to take control of the US Senate away from Obama’s Democrats.
“Obama always utters ‘Yes, we can,’ which led to the high expectations people had for him,” the Global Times wrote, referring to Obama’s 2008 campaign-trail mantra.
“But he has done an insipid job, offering nearly nothing to his supporters.”
“US society has grown tired of his banality,” it added.
Although the US economy has improved gradually since the 2008 recession, the national mood is far from buoyant, with a CNN exit poll yesterday showing 54 per cent of voters disapproved of how Obama was handling his job.
The US president will be in China from November 10 to 12 for a two-day Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit, followed by a state visit.
The Global Times took aim at his foreign policy, arguing that Obama took “US troops out of Iraq and Afghanistan, but left no peace”.
“Osama bin Laden was killed during his tenure, but the (Islamic State) has emerged from the Middle East,” it wrote.
The paper noted the “many thorny problems” Obama has encountered during his six years in office, including the “limited tolerance and acceptance” he has received as the first African-American president.
It also observed that his tenure came “in the midst of a time when partisan politics is becoming more extreme”.
Obama’s “best performance is empty rhetoric”, the paper said, and suggested that Western political systems were fundamentally flawed.
“Bush, who dared to do everything, and Obama, who dares to do nothing, come from different parties but have the same destiny,” the paper wrote. “Is this their problem or the problem of the US system?”
“With China’s rise, we gradually have the ability to have a clear understanding of the US,” the paper concluded. “The country is too lazy to reform.”

Pot stocks  hot Not.SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Residents of Oregon, Washington D.C and Alaska gave legal marijuana a thumbs up. But on Wall Street, investors are saying no way.
Shares of companies linked with the use of marijuana are largely down Wednesday despite the victories with voters. Most of these “pot stocks” are thinly traded stocks that are bought and sold on lightly regulated marketsplaces. Several of these stocks have been halted periodically by regulators over the past couple of months.
Medbox, one of the pot stocks with the highest market values at just $334 million, is down nearly 7% to $11.15.
Investors have learned that despite the hype with the populace, marijuana stocks remain risky and mostly something to avoid for now .
WEDNESDAY CHANGE OF SEVERAL “POT STOCKS”
Company

AutoNation Stops Selling Cars with Takata Air Bagsautonation stops selling cars with takata air bags
Retirement savings plans fit for entrepreneursRetirement savings plans fit for entrepreneurs
Retirement planning
Entrepreneurs have different retirement planning needs to build their financial future.
Entrepreneurs have different retirement planning needs to build their financial future. (Izabela Habur, Getty Images)
By Janet Kidd Stewart
Retirement planning options to help entrepreneurs take charge of their future.
Going solo after retirement? Consider these options for building a nest egg.
Large employers have been rolling out a slew of 401(k) bells and whistles designed to get workers to save more, but what about those who are going it alone?
As year-end draws closer, workers thinking about retiring and hanging out the entrepreneurial shingle after the holidays have an opportunity to make some smart money moves now, experts say.
First, mobile apps for managing money are getting more sophisticated. That can make staying on top of your own retirement savings a breeze, even if you are your own HR department.
Fidelity Investments, for example, is rolling out several new investing capabilities via its mobile app in November, from margin trading in your IRA to extended hours for all trading.
0
"People are increasingly relying on the convenience of mobile to invest and manage their finances," Velia Carboni, senior vice president, mobile channel at Fidelity, said in a news release announcing the new products and a survey about online trading activity. "In the past year, investors increased mobile trades at Fidelity more than 40 percent, and our survey found that more than one-third of mobile traders make trade decisions on the spur of the moment, capitalizing on investing opportunities from their screen, anywhere."
The big caveat, of course — and this is particularly true for entrepreneurs with stereotypically big appetites for risk — is that more trading isn't necessarily a good thing.
"I think knowing what's going on in your IRA is good, but you don't need to be following the market every day," said Terrance Odean, a University of California-Berkeley finance professor who has extensively studied behavioral aspects trading.
"Checking constantly (on account balances) just makes you hyper-aware of the ups and downs and is likely to make you get too excited when the market is up and fearful when it's down. And it will make you trade too much in between," he said.
"Constant information is, for the ordinary investor, probably detrimental, though it is beneficial to be reminded where your savings are," Odean said. "Making it easy to trade is akin to having a credit card in your pocket. People spend more when they have them. Some people will trade more impulsively if it becomes easier, which is not necessarily going to improve their welfare."
If you're transitioning from an employer-based environment to a self-employed consulting gig, run the numbers on converting some of your traditional IRA money to a Roth IRA, suggests the aptly named Allan Roth, a Colorado Springs, Colo., financial planner.
Now is a good time to do this if your income will be dramatically lower next year as you make the transition, he said. That's because you can convert funds while you are in a lower tax bracket, before you start raking in those profits from your new gig.
You might also consider setting up a Solo 401(k), or a Solo Roth 401(k), which must be established by the end of the year. Not every investment house offers these tax-advantaged accounts, which will allow self-employed workers to sock away up to $53,000 in contributions next year (though there are limits depending on your business income).
There are also some record-keeping hassles to deal with after the account reaches $250,000, but consider that a good problem to have.
Share your journey to or through retirement or pose a question at journey@janetkiddstewart.com.

Target closing two Chicago-area storesTarget closing two Chicago-area stores
Target stores
The two Chicago-area Target stores slated to be closed are in McHenry and Calumet City.
The two Chicago-area Target stores slated to be closed are in McHenry and Calumet City.
McHenry Chicago Suburbs
Target closing stores in McHenry, Calumet City
Target plans to close two Chicago-area stores early next year, among 11 locations it is closing across the country, the retailer said Tuesday.
The Target at 1860 N. Richmond Road in McHenry and at 1717 E. West Road in Calumet City will close Feb. 1, Target said in a news release. The other closings are in Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Kansas, Texas, Iowa and Georgia.

Overseas markets bond with IndiaIncMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Overseas bond issuances by Indian corporates have crossed $17 billion in 2014 so far, compared with $14.4 billion in 2013, reports Shashidhar KJ in Mumbai. Last week Tata International, the global trading arm of the Tata Group, raised S$150 million through perpetual bonds and the strong appetite for Indian paper can be gauged from the fact that the issue was oversubscribed seven times, topping S$1 billion, investment bankers told FE.
Click here for graph
The action is expected to continue, says Chetan Joshi, head, debt capital markets at HSBC, pointing out that both the base-rate US Treasury as well as spreads are contracting. A fall in credit default spreads (CDS) of Indian corporate bonds prompted many companies to tap the foreign bond market this year. Also in the market last week was Tata Motors, which picked up $750 million through 5½- and 10-year bonds at coupon rates of 4.625% and 5.75%. Even low-rated and unrated issues have found good response; in July, five companies raised funds through high-yield bonds. Tata Steel was the largest sub-investment grade issue and raised $1.5 billion through 5½- and 10-year bonds at a coupon rate of 4.5% and 5.9%, respectively.
By Shashidhar KJ
TAGS: Global Trading Overseas Bond Tata International
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Video: Medal of Honor recipient skydives into D.C.By Dan Lamothe November 5 Follow @danlamothe
Medal of Honor recipient Kyle Carpenter jumped into the Marine Corps Marathon with a team of military veterans and a massive American flag. (Bud Prenatt)
The Marine Corps Marathon was held in Washington more than a week ago, but there’s new video of a scene from the event that is sure to grab attention. It shows Medal of Honor recipient Kyle Carpenter skydiving into the race with a team of military veterans, with a massive American flag fluttering in the wind alongside them.
Carpenter, 25, received the nation’s top award for combat valor in June for shielding a fellow Marine, Lance Cpl. Nick Eufrazio, from a grenade blast in southern Afghanistan on Nov. 21, 2010. Carpenter nearly died, but has made an astounding recovery after undergoing about 40 surgeries on his face, arm and other body parts. He retired medically from the military as a corporal, and is now a college student at the University of South Carolina.
Carpenter jumped with Team Fastrax, a professional skydiving team based in Middletown, Ohio. He told Checkpoint most of the team comprised military veterans, including some who served in elite Special Operations units. He loved hearing their stories, he said.
Here’s the full video:
Bud Prenatt, captain of the Fastrax team, said it was founded in 2001, and has performed more than 1,000 exhibition skydives since, including in Moscow and in Normandy, France, for the anniversary of D-Day, the U.S. Army’s June 6, 1944, amphibious landing to fight Nazi Germany.
“The team is proud to support many U.S. military events and regularly takes wounded warriors tandems skydiving,” Prenatt said. “We jump with the largest U.S. flags in the world.”
Here’s a video of another jump the team did this year, at the Geico 500 at the Talladega Superspeedway in Alabama on Oct. 19.
About those flags: The one seen in the video with Carpenter was 7,800 square feet, the Marine Corps Marathon announced beforehand . The video shows him and the other skydivers descending, with the Pentagon, Potomac River and other famous sights below, until they approach a sprawling crowd around the race itself.
Prenatt served in the Army infantry in the 1980s, and said the team’s 34 members are mostly veterans, including Army Rangers, Navy SEALs and members of Delta Force. They have jumped previously with retired Army Lt. Col. Bruce Crandell, who received the Medal of Honor in 2007 for actions 41 years earlier in Vietnam, and retired Army Master Sgt. Leroy Petry, who received the award in 2011 for actions in Afghanistan three years earlier.
Fastrax also has jumped into the Marine Corps Marathon previously . Doing so, Prenatt said, is “such a great honor for us that it could only be topped by bringing individuals in such as Kyle.”
Carpenter went on to run the marathon in 5 hours and 12 minutes — his second time finishing the race in two years.
In addition to Prenatt, the other Fastrax members on the jump were John Bates, Hollis “Grizzly Bear” Collins, John “Rudder” Harth, John Hart II, Paul Stanford, Dana Bowman, John Garrido, Matt Harvey and Alex Hart. In addition to the video above, Fastrax shared the following photos from it with Checkpoint:
Medal of Honor recipient Kyle Carpenter, moments before skydiving into the Marine Corps Marathon on Oct. 25. (Photo courtesy Team Fastrax)
Carpenter prepares to sky dive over the Washington area on Oct. 25. (Photo courtesy Team Fastrax)
Carpenter, 25, grins while skydiving into the Marine Corps Marathon. (Photo courtesy Team Fastrax)
Carpenter, after his parachute opened while skydiving into the marathon. (Photo courtesy Team Fastrax)
This YouTube screen grab taken from a video released by Team Fastrax shows the skydiving organization jumping from a plane with an American flag while accompanied by Medal of Honor recipient Kyle Carpenter. (YouTube screen grab)
Medal of Honor recipient is seen here above Arlington National Cemetery while skydiving into the Marine Corps Marathon. (Photo courtesy Fastrax)
Carpenter grins with Team Fastrax member Bud Prenatt after skydiving into the marathon on Oct. 25. (Photo courtesy Team Fastrax)
Related on Checkpoint:

Ask Matt: Too late to invest in AlibabaEPA/LONG WEI
Q: Is it too late to invest in Alibaba?
A: Diving into Alibaba shares on the first day is a gamble that’s paying off big time. Shares of the Chinese e-Commerce company have soared, which makes the opportunity for latecomers even smaller.
Alibaba’s stock-price performance has been spectacular. Shares jumped 7% to $106.07 on Tuesday following the company’s better-than-expected earnings report for its first quarter as a public company. Alibaba’s stock has jumped 56% from its initial offering price of $68 a share set in September. Even investors that jumped in at the first-day closing price of $93.89 are in the money.
The trouble with soaring stock prices, though, is that they reduce the opportunity for future investors. The average 18-month price target on shares of Alibaba is $111.32. If analysts are correct in their assessment, that means there’s just 5% upside for the shares from Tuesday’s closing price.
Keep in mind the average annual gain of the market is 10%, so by investing in Alibaba, you’re accepting much higher risk in exchange for an expected return that’s less than the market. The big wildcard is whether the company can continue to trounce earnings estimates. If so, that would be a way for the company to justify a stock price above price targets. Analysts are calling for Alibaba to earn $2.80 a share in 2014, which would be a 29% increase from what the company is seen earning in 2013.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

US Republicans plan quick move on Keystone in 2015: Senator HoevenRepublicans will quickly introduce stand-alone legislation in the first quarter of 2015 that would approve the Keystone XL crude oil pipeline from Canada, testing President Barack Obama's resolve on the project.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 5, 2014 11:36 pm
Republicans will quickly introduce stand-alone legislation in the first quarter of 2015 that would approve the Keystone XL crude oil pipeline from Canada, testing President Barack Obama’s resolve on the project, Republican Senator John Hoeven said on Wednesday in an interview.
The move could bring end the long-standing limbo of TransCanada’s $8 billion project, which has languished for more than six years in a series of studies, reviews and legal challenges.
“I think Keystone will be one of the first bills we’ll be able to put up in the new Congress,” said Hoeven, who is from the oil-rich state of North Dakota.
After Tuesday’s elections, Republicans will have majorities in both houses of Congress starting in January.
“I’ve got a bill right now that’s got about 56 co-sponsors,” said Hoeven, who has fought for years in Congress to advance such a bill. “And with the election results, we’ll have over 60 who clearly support the legislation.”
Obama has expressed reservations about the environmental impact of the pipeline, which would carry as much as 830,000 barrels per day of Alberta oil sands crude to the US Gulf Coast. He has said the project needs his approval because it crosses an international border.
Hoeven’s bill would see Congress asserting its powers under the foreign commerce clause of the Constitution to approve the pipeline.
“In essence, it’s making that decision congressionally, rather than presidentially,” Hoeven said.
The Keystone bill still would need Obama’s signature to become law. Hoeven said that will be a test to see whether Obama is willing to work with the new Congress.
If Obama vetoes the bill, Republicans then would seek to attach it to must-pass legislation on other energy or appropriations issues, Hoeven said.

Review: Adapting to New Google Email Is a ChoreThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Banks  overdraft fees range from $5 to $45  survey says0
In August 2013, four Premier officers and directors, including Chairman Zulfikar Esmail, were accused of defrauding the U.S. government, including using the TARP funds to keep an alleged criminal enterprise running at the bank.
On Friday, the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program announced that new charges had been brought, including against Esmail, that involve defrauding Itasca-based First Midwest Bank, another TARP recipient, over an $8 million loan that went into default.
A lawyer for Esmail declined to comment Monday.
Investigations by the special inspector general have resulted in $7.4 billion in court orders and settlements against people who committed crimes or otherwise caused losses to the taxpayer-supported Treasury program, according to a nearly 600-page report issued Oct. 29 by the watchdog.
TARP was started in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis and was intended to get financial institutions lending again after credit froze up, but there were people whom the government later went after in civil or criminal actions for causing losses to what was commonly known as the bank bailout program.
Some of the settlements have involved the seizure of hard assets.
Among them: dozens of vehicles; more than 30 properties; including one in the Cayman Islands; bags of silver; collector coins; artwork; antique furniture; Civil War memorabilia; and Western Union money orders with the "Pay to" field blank.
One executive who pleaded in a bank fraud scheme, for example, agreed to forfeit proceeds from the sale of a 1948 Pontiac Silver Streak and a 1957 Cadillac.
The report said vehicles ordered to be forfeited also include: a Kubota tractor; watercraft, including a 2005 Scout Dorado; a 1969 Shelby Mustang; a 1932 Ford Model A; a 1954 Cadillac Eldorado convertible; a 1963 Rolls Royce; a 1965 Shelby Cobra; a 2010 Mercedes-Benz GLK 350 4Matic; a 2005 Hummer H2; and a 1958 Mercedes-Benz Cabriolet 220.

McConnell to push big business agendaMcConnell to push big business agenda
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17118072-6512-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

When picking leaders  we might favor a healthy glow over intelligent looksBy Rachel Feltman November 5 Follow @rachelfeltman
When you decided who to vote for on Tuesday, did you go for the guy or gal with the rosiest cheeks? You probably didn't do so consciously (and not at all, if you actually voted based on policy) but a new study suggests that those picking their leaders at random might pick brawn over brains.
The snap judgments people make based on facial cues -- shape, expression, and so on -- can be weird and misleading. A new study published in the journal Frontiers in Human Neuroscience repeatedly asked 148 men and women to select a hypothetical CEO from one of two faces.
The faces used in the study. (Spisak, B. et al Front. Aging Neuro)
These photos always showed the same man, but researchers digitally manipulated his face to be more or less intelligent (that is, showing the facial features that usually make us think someone is more intelligent) and more or less healthy. His "health" was controlled by facial complexion, with a pasty pallor being turned to a sun-kissed glow.
There were some cases where the study subjects favored intelligent faces. But they only did so when they were told that the new CEO would be required to renegotiate an important partnership with another company or explore a new market. In the other two tasks that researchers used -- driving aggressive competition and overseeing the sustained use of non-renewable energy -- perceived intelligence didn't have any sway in the selection.
But health was important across the board: Those ruddy-faced candidates were chosen over their pale counterparts 69 percent of the time, no matter what task the CEO was meant to conquer.
Getting a nice tan is no replacement for being qualified and having hustle. But there's some evolutionary basis for the preference, the authors write in their study: People have been shown to prefer more attractive leaders, and a lot of the things we find attractive are actually cues of good health. We trust these people to stay healthy and keep us healthy as well -- but that doesn't mean a pretty face is all it takes to rule the world.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Loss-making PSUs may be privatized: Finance ministerLoss-making PSUs may be privatized: Finance minister
Obama suffers shellackingShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Obama suffers shellacking
Nov 5, 2014 : The FT's Washington bureau chief Richard McGregor says the immediate questions are whether US president Barack Obama will alter his approach with Congress, and how Congress handles this new power.
Credits: Produced by Christopher Booker. Additional footage from Reuters.

US elections sobering for gay-rights movementIn this file photo, Rep Mike Michaud, a gay candidate, concedes defeat to Gov. Paul LePage at an election night rally in Portland, Maine.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 6, 2014 3:40 am
The outcome of the US midterm elections was a sobering election for the gay-rights movement, contrasting with its recent court victories that have nearly doubled the number of states allowing same-sex marriage.
Across the United States, gay-rights activists worried that conservative gains in Congress would hamper their bid for federal anti-bias legislation. Republicans wrested control of the Senate from Democrats and expanded their majority in the House of Representatives in Tuesday’s elections.
Gay-rights leaders acknowledged that the new Congress would be unlikely to support a federal bill outlawing a broad range of discrimination against lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgender people. That has become a top priority for activists now that same-sex marriage seems on the path to nationwide legalization.
“The road will be hard and rocky,” said Heather Cronk of the LGBT-rights group GetEQUAL. “We must offer up forward-thinking legislation to secure much-needed legal protections, rather than wallowing in self-loathing pity.”
In Senate races, several Democrats who supported gay marriage – including Mark Udall of Colorado and Kay Hagan of North Carolina – lost to Republicans who oppose it.
Among the highlights for gay-rights activists was Democrat Maura Healey’s election as Massachusetts attorney general. Healey, a former chief of the civil rights division in the attorney general’s office, was captain of the women’s basketball team at Harvard and played pro basketball in Austria before launching her law career.
But in Maine, Democrat Mike Michaud fell short in his bid to become the first openly gay candidate in the US to be elected governor. The 59-year-old former mill worker and six-term congressman, who made his sexual orientation public last year, had said it would be a boost for the gay community to have a voice in discussions among governors on equality issues.
All five of the openly gay members of the US House of Representatives won re-election, as did Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona, who is bisexual.
But several gay candidates seeking to join their ranks were defeated – including Democrat Sean Eldridge, husband of Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes, in eastern New York, and Republican Richard Tisei in a hard-fought race against Democrat Seth Moulton, an Iraq War veteran, in Massachusetts.
Another gay Republican, Carl DeMaio, was in a virtual dead with Democratic Rep. Scott Peters in a House district in San Diego. DeMaio confronted allegations from a former staffer of sexual harassment in the campaign’s final weeks.
There have been gay Republican congressmen previously, but none who was out of the closet at the time they first won their seat.
Fred Sainz, a vice president of the Human Rights Campaign, said the short-term goal would be “to change the hearts and minds of those not yet there with us.”
He noted in an email that continued…

Spectrum norms to be in place before next auction: Ravi Shankar PrasadSpectrum norms to be in place before next auction: Ravi Shankar Prasad
Japan s Nikkei hits new seven-year highComments
Japanese stocks jumped to a seven-year peak on Tuesday, as investors lapped up a set of positive catalysts including an unexpected central bank move to ease policy further and a reallocation of funds to domestic stocks by the public pension fund.
After a months of uncertainty about the economic outlook amid weakening growth following a sales tax hike in April, the Bank of Japan on Friday shocked markets by committing to ramp up its already massive stimulus.
The move sent the Nikkei benchmark and global stocks soaring, and hammered the yen in the process.
Returning from a long weekend, investors picked up from where they left off, lifting the Nikkei benchmark 3.5% to 16,961.73 by 0113 GMT - its highest level since October 2007. The index surged 4.8% on Friday in the aftermath of the BOJ's jolt.
Also on Friday, Tokyo confirmed that the Government Pension Investment Fund would raise domestic stock holdings to 25% from the current 12%.
The BOJ and GPIF announcements were seen by market players as fresh gambits in the government's plan to defeat deflation in Japan. "It's a sea-change in investment decision making," said Gavin Parry, managing director of Parry International Trading in Hong Kong.
"This is changing the risk-weighting psyche. You can't ignore a $1.2 trillion fund."
Financial shares soared, with Daiwa Securities shooting up 12.6% and Nomura Holdings Inc climbing 7.6%.
Overall, the Tokyo Stock Exchange grouping of securities shares jumped 8.8%.
The BOJ announced it would triple purchases of real estate investment trusts, prompting investors to buy shares in related firms.
Tokyu Fudosan jumped 7.1% and Mitsui Fudosan Co Ltd climbed 5.5%.
Meanwhile, Japan's major exporters received a boost on the yen's slump.
The dollar bought 113.61 yen at 0020 GMT, close to a seven-year peak of 114.21 reached overnight and not far from the December 2007 peak of 114.66.
Honda jumped 4.7%, shrugging off news of an impending probe by US regulators into whether the firm failed to report deaths or injuries involving air bags now part of a sweeping federal review.
Panasonic surged 7.0%, Toyota Motor Co advanced 4.2% and Canon added 3.2%.   
The broader Topix jumped 3.2% to 1,375.88, while the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 also gained 3.3% to 12,572.04.

Aadhaar in property deals to curb black moneyAadhaar in property deals to curb black money
Livemint  New Delhi/Bengaluru, November 04, 2014
First Published: 11:21 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 11:36 IST(4/11/2014)
Comments
In a move aimed at curbing the use of black money in property deals, the government is considering linking real estate transactions with Aadhaar, the unique identity number. If implemented, the move could provide a trail of all real estate transactions by an individual.
In an interview, finance minister Arun Jaitley said the government is considering making the use of Aadhaar mandatory for such transactions.

Japan s SoftBank first-half profit jumps on Alibaba listingComments
Japan's SoftBank said on Tuesday net profit in the first six months of its fiscal year jumped by more than a third, thanks to a $5.0 billion-dollar gain from its stake in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba.
But the company warned that annual operating profit would be lower than expected owing to poor performance at US wireless carrier Sprint, which the Japanese firm bought in a $21.6 billion deal last year.
SoftBank's first-half net profit rose 36.7% from a year earlier to 560.71 billion yen ($4.9 billion).
SoftBank has a one-third equity stake in Alibaba, which raised $25.02 billion in a record initial public offering in September.
The Japanese giant said its April-September revenue soared 57.9% to 4.1 trillion yen as it incorporated revenue from Sprint and other acquisitions, while sales in its mobile communications division also grew.
But operating profit fell 19.1% to 596.66 billion yen due partly to costs associated with job cuts at Sprint, while the year-earlier figure was also higher due to one-time gains, SoftBank said.
Number-three US wireless carrier Sprint said Monday it was slashing 2,000 jobs in a streamlining effort after posting a $765 million quarterly loss. Sprint also reported losing a large number of its most lucrative customers, amid price wars in the wireless sector.
SoftBank revised down its annual operating profit forecast by 100 billion yen to 900 billion yen on sales of 8.0 trillion yen.

Pirate Bay co-founder arrested at Thai-Lao borderComments
One of the founders of popular file-sharing website The Pirate Bay has been arrested under an Interpol warrant as he was crossing into Thailand from Laos, police said Tuesday.
Hans Fredrik Lennart Neij, who uses the alias TiAMO, was detained Monday by Thai immigration police at a checkpoint in Thailand's Nong Khai province, about 500 kilometers (310 miles) northeast of Bangkok.
Neij, along with other Pirate Bay co-founders, was convicted of aiding copyright infringement by a court in Sweden in 2009. He fled the country after being released on bail.
Regional Immigration Police Commissioner Maj. Gen. Chartchai Eimsaeng said a US-based movie association had hired a Thai lawyer to search for Neij, and his photo had been given to immigration police in Nong Khai.
The US movie and music industries have for years pursued strong legal action against sites such as The Pirate Bay, which they say aid the illegal distribution of copyrighted material, depriving its makers of the profits due them.
"It might have been a coincidence, but he was wearing the same gray t-shirt that was in the photo. The immigration police officer who spotted him in the car recognized him, so he pulled his car over," Chartchai told The Associated Press by phone.
Chartchai said the 36-year-old Swede had lived in Laos since 2012 and traveled nearly 30 times to Thailand, where he has a house on the resort island of Phuket and 5 million baht ($153,000) in a savings account. Neij's wife was in the car with him. He was being sent to Bangkok later Tuesday and was expected to be returned to Sweden, the police officer said.
Neij is the second Pirate Bay founder to be arrested in Southeast Asia after a Swedish court in 2009 gave him and three Pirate Bay associates one-year sentences for copyright violation. They also were ordered to pay 46 million kronor ($6.5 million) in damages to the entertainment industry. Their appeals were denied by Sweden's high court.
Gottfrid Svartholm Warg, who used the alias "Anakata" on the Internet, was arrested in Cambodia in 2012 and sent back to Sweden after an international arrest warrant was issued against him.
Svartholm Warg served his sentence for copyright infringement while also facing a hacking charge in Denmark.
A Danish court on Friday last week sentenced him to 3½ years in prison after he was found guilty of hacking into a private company handling sensitive information for Danish authorities.

Google Glass may obstruct peripheral visionGoogle Glass may obstruct peripheral vision
Google Glass
KIMIHIRO HOSHINO/ AFP/Getty Images
Sergey Brin, co-founder of Google appears with Google Glass during Google's annual developer conference, Google I/O, in San Francisco.
Sergey Brin, co-founder of Google appears with Google Glass during Google's annual developer conference, Google I/O, in San Francisco. (KIMIHIRO HOSHINO/ AFP/Getty Images)
By Kathryn Doyle, Reuters
Google Glass Highway and Road Disasters Google Inc.
"I actually had Google Glass myself when it first came out...I almost got into a car accident...'
The characteristic hardware of the Google Glass frame partially obstructs peripheral vision above the right eye, according to an ophthalmologist who owns the wearable tech himself.
“I actually had Google Glass myself when it first came out, and I almost got into a car accident when I didn't see a car coming from the right,” said Dr. Tsontcho Ianchulev of the University of California, San Francisco.
“I realized as an ophthalmologist it was blocking a part of my visual field,” he told Reuters Health by phone.
Google Glass is a small computer that's mounted in frames that look like eyeglasses. A small monitor tucked into a corner of the frame lets users read email, check maps, and basically see what they'd see on their smartphone.
In a recent study, Ianchulev and his colleagues compared Google Glass with regular eyewear to test its effect on visual function. Three healthy individuals with 20/20 best-corrected vision and normal baseline visual fields wore the device.
cComments
This “I actually had Google Glass myself when it first came out, and I almost got into a car accident when I didn't see a car coming from the right,” said Dr. Tsontcho Ianchulev of the University of California, San Francisco. is one reason why these glasses should be BANNED from being worn...
cynicRFT2
1
After an hour of wearing Glass to get acclimated, they completed visual tests to assess their peripheral vision. Then the same three people completed the same tests wearing regular eyeglasses.
All three participants had noticeable blind spots in the upper right area of the visual field, due only to the hardware of the frame, since the device was turned off and software was not running, the authors write in a research letter in JAMA.
“Put on your favorite shades, glasses, baseball hat, or hoodie, and you'll quickly see that this study tells us what we already know; wearing something on your face or head may affect your peripheral vision,” a Google spokesperson told Reuters Health in a statement. “From the beginning, the Glass team has worked closely with a range of experts to develop a device that is safe for use, and after extensive study they have not found any safety issues when it's used correctly.”
The spokesperson stressed the importance of wearing Glass correctly, which is reviewed in the introductory materials for setting up the device.
The display should be positioned above the eye and not in front of it, according to the Glass quick start guide.
Ianchulev and his team searched the Internet for images of Glass users to survey how people wear them. In about 30 percent of the images they saw, users had positioned the prism, or screen area, in front of the pupil of the right eye, which is likely to interfere with vision.
According to the Glass FAQ page, consumers should follow the laws in their areas regarding using mobile devices while driving or bicycling, and should use care even within the law.
“The population that wears Google Glass right now are young and very active,” Ianchulev said.
“This is a small study, we just wanted to make people aware,” Ianchulev said. “There are thousands of these gadgets out there and people are biking, rollerblading, driving a car.”
The blind spot could be minimized with a better fit or different design, he said. Glass is a one-size device but people have different-sized heads, he observed.
The Glass help center indicates that its durable frame can be bent to fit any face.
“One thing that was surprising was that Google announced a co-development project with Mercedes Benz in 2013,” Ianchulev said. “That's probably not a great idea.”
Glass is a good tool for specific tasks and at work, he noted.
“I don't use it that much in sports and activity,” Ianchulev said. “I wouldn't personally drive with it.”

Time Warner raises profit forecastTime Warner raises profit forecast
Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/06137bf6-64ed-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India  Nepal hold negotiations for 900 MW po...You are here: Home > Collections
India, Nepal hold negotiations for 900 MW power project
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 10.17PM IST
Tags:
GMR
(India and Nepal are holding…)
KATHMANDU: India and Nepal are holding negotiations to sign a second Project Development Agreement (PDA) to generate hydorelectric power in the Himalayan nation endowed with rich water resources.
The negotiations for the 900 MW Arun-III project between Investment Board Nepal (IBN) and Satluj Jal Vidyut Nigam Ltd , India, which began here yesterday, continued today, Indian Embassy sources said, adding, they are set to continue tomorrow as well.
The format of the PDA will be same as that of 900 MW Upper Karnali project being developed by GMR Consortium of India.
GMR had signed an agreement with the Nepalese authorities in September for the 150 billion mega project.
Under the PDA signed between GMR and IBN, Nepal will get 22 per cent of the energy generated free from the project and 27 per cent free equity share in the project.
The same provisions may apply when Satluj signs a PDA with Nepal.
The signing of the PDA between IBN and GMR was a milestone in hydropower development in Nepal as the agreement paved way for the largest foreign direct investment.
Once the negotiations are over the two countries will sign the PDA for developing the Arun III project in the near future, according to officials. However, the date is yet to be finalized.
The two countries have also signed Power Trading Agreement last month (PTA) that would allow exchange of power between them.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dassault expects India Rafale deal by Mar  C...Dassault Aviation expects India Rafale deal by March, CEO says
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 11.12PM IST
Dassault Aviation, the French maker of fighter jets, expects to conclude a deal to supply Rafale planes to India by March, Chief Executive Eric Trappier said on Wednesday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: Dassault Aviation , the French maker of fighter jets, expects to conclude a deal to supply Rafale planes to India by March, Chief Executive Eric Trappier said on Wednesday.
The final phase of exclusive negotiations on the contract, estimated at $15 billion, should conclude within India's current budget year ending in March 2015, Trappier told reporters in Paris.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Army must cooperate with police in killing ...Amnesty International
(The army must cooperate…)
SRINAGAR: Rights watchdog Amnesty International Wednesday said the Indian Army must cooperate with police in Jammu and Kashmir in the investigation into the killing of two Kashmiri youths.
"The army must cooperate fully with Jammu and Kashmir state police investigations into the shooting and killings of Faisal Yusuf Bhat and Mehrajuddin Dar, and injury to two others in Budgam, Kashmir Nov 3," Amnesty said in a statement.
"If sufficient evidence is found, suspects must be prosecuted in a civilian court, and the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act must not be used to shield soldiers from prosecution," it said.
The army said it had received intelligence that militants were travelling along the Nowgam-Pulwama highway in a white car.
The army set up barricades. When a white car refused to stop at the first two check points, the army personnel fired at it at the third check point, resulting in the death of two people, and serious injuries to two others.
While police filed a first information report and began investigation, the army established a Court of Inquiry and said those found guilty will be dealt with severely.
Amnesty said that it has documented cases since 1990 in which the army "has refused to cooperate with police investigations, and failed to hold its personnel accountable for human rights violations based on the findings of Courts of Inquiry ".
"Courts of Inquiry are known to sometimes be based solely on testimony from army personnel and contradict the findings of independent police investigations, and have contributed in the past to impunity for security forces" in Kashmir, it said.
Amnesty urges the Indian government to ensure that "those responsible are brought to justice in fair trials meeting international standards in civilian courts".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mahatma Gandhi statue gets UK planning clear...Mahatma Gandhi statue gets UK planning clearance
PTI Nov 6, 2014, 12.06AM IST
Tags:
George Osborne
(Westminster City Council…)
LONDON: Plans to erect a bronze statue of Mahatma Gandhi in Parliament Square here have received an official clearance.
Westminster City Council granted planning permission for the sculpture commemorating the Father of the Nation, which will be placed close to the statue of Nelson Mandela, the anti-apartheid revolutionary.
Britain's Deputy Prime Minister, Nick Clegg , and UK Cabinet ministers William Hague and George Osborne had announced plans for the memorial during their recent visits to India.
The bronze sculpture, to be created by Philip Jackson, will show Gandhi wearing a shawl and traditional 'dhoti', with his hands clasped, the Evening Standard newspaper reported.
Inspired by photographs of Gandhi on the steps of 10 Downing Street during a visit to London in 1931, the statue portrays him as "a thoughtful, determined, compassionate man", according to the documents submitted to the council.
"There is no doubt that Gandhi is a world-renowned figure who should stand shoulder-to-shoulder with the likes of Nelson Mandela and Abraham Lincoln, who both fought for civil liberties," said Richard Beddoe, Westminster City Council's deputy cabinet member for the built environment.
"Parliament Square has a long history of peaceful protest and democracy in action.
"As such, it is a more than suitable location for a statue to Mahatma Gandhi, and we are also pleased to see one of the best international sculptors in Philip Jackson on board to help deliver this project," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Barack Obama seeks $6.2 billion to fight EbolaBarack Obama seeks $6.2 billion to fight Ebola
AP Nov 6, 2014, 12.43AM IST
( The request covers spending…)
WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama is asking Congress for $6.2 billion in emergency funds to fight Ebola. The request covers spending to confront the disease at its source in West Africa and to secure the United States against any possible spread.
Administration officials say the money would be apportioned into nearly $2 billion for the United States Agency for International Development and $2.4 billion to the Department of Health and Human Services. More than $1.5 billion would be for a contingency fund.
The Ebola money is the first request from Obama in the aftermath of an election that ushered in a Republican-controlled Congress and that's being widely perceived as a repudiation of the president. The White House is asking for prompt action, meaning it wants approval during the current session of Congress.
FEATURED ARTICLES

McDonald s bringing back McRib in about 75 percent of U.S. storesMcDonald's bringing back McRib in about 75 percent of U.S. stores
McDonald's McRib
McDonald's, struggling to boost sales in the United States, is bringing back the McRib sandwich this week in about three-quarters of its domestic locations.
McDonald's, struggling to boost sales in the United States, is bringing back the McRib sandwich this week in about three-quarters of its domestic locations.
By Leslie Patton, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
CHICAGO — McDonald's Corp., struggling to boost sales in the United States, is bringing back the McRib sandwich this week in about three-quarters of its domestic locations.
"The McRib is making its annual return this week," Lisa McComb, a spokeswoman for the Oak Brook, Illinois-based company, said in an email Wednesday. "It's a regional option, so our franchisees choose whether or not they wish to serve it."
0
The world's largest restaurant chain has been trying to attract Americans with new and discounted fare. McDonald's recently introduced a $2 jalapeno burger and also has given away free coffees to lure diners from competitors. Last month, the chain said sales at U.S. stores open at least 13 months fell 3.3 percent in the third quarter, the fourth straight quarterly decline.
The McRib is made from a frozen pork patty and is topped with barbecue sauce, onions and pickles. It has 500 calories, similar to the 530-calorie Big Mac burger. While prices may vary across the country, restaurants in Northeast Ohio are selling the sandwich for $2.99.
The chain has been trying to simplify its menu to help speed up service after too many items bogged down kitchens. It's gotten rid of Caesar salads and McSkillet burritos to make way for new regional fare. In Chicago, McDonald's stores have recently sold chorizo-style burritos and grits.
McDonald's has more than 14,200 U.S. locations and about 90 percent of those are franchised. The company first began selling McRib sandwiches in 1982, according to its website.

Rebuff to Obama  warning to DemocratsAngry losers blame unpopular Obama
Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a59e79ce-650a-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

3 Changes in the Revamped Google MapsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Republican push for pro-business reform© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/234e6ccc-6514-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reliance to sell stake in US ventureReliance to sell stake in US venture
Winter date for insurance billWinter date for insurance bill
SAT allows DLF to redeem MFsSAT allows DLF to redeem MFs
Japanese co to build houses in India in JV  to invest over Rs5k crJapanese co to build houses in India in JV  to invest over Rs5k cr
Union Bank of India Cuts Interest Rate for Medium FirmsUnion Bank of India Cuts Interest Rate for Medium Firms
17 Indian firms join growth list17 Indian firms join growth list
Objection to painter being portrayed in erotic mannerCelebrity
Randeep Hooda and Nandana Sen in ‘Rang Rasiya’
Director Ketan Mehta’s most awaited film ‘Rang Rasiya’, based on Raja Ravi Varma, the father of modern Indian art, is once again broiled in controversy.
The illustrious painter’s granddaughter, Indira Devi Kunjamma who is based in Kerala, has sent a legal notice to Ketan Mehta, asking him to stop the release of the film on the grounds that Ketan ... more 
The illustrious painter’s granddaughter, Indira Devi Kunjamma who is based in Kerala, has sent a legal notice to Ketan Mehta, asking him to stop the release of the film on the grounds that Ketan Mehta has portrayed Raja Ravi Varma in an erotic manner. less 
1 / 24

Just assume your credit and debit card data were hacked1
The New York Times reported in mid-September that JPMorgan Chase, which notified some website users in early August that login and password information had been compromised, was still trying to assess just how vulnerable hackers had made it — not just now, but going forward.
According to an April report from Internet software, storage and security firm Symantec, the number of digital security breaches has been growing by leaps and bounds in recent years, with the number of incidents in 2013 up 62 percent from 2012.
But, perhaps more worrisome, Symantec estimated that while 232 million identities were exposed through breaches in 2011, the figure swelled to 552 million in 2013. That's a lot of credit card information, private records and passwords at risk.
Some believe there needs to be something akin to the National Transportation Safety Board to investigate these incidents the way the NTSB does plane crashes. The investigation would determine what went wrong and what needs to be done to ensure it doesn't happen again.
But Congress isn't keen on, you know, doing things lately, and it's not the only group dragging its feet. Our vulnerability is also the result of the United States lagging behind much of the world in adopting a more secure kind of credit card.
While merchants and banks here bickered over who would absorb the costs, we've continued swiping old-fashioned cards with magnetic strips instead of embracing the so-called chip-and-PIN (personal identification number) technology that would be harder to hack. Fortunately, this is supposed to change by the end of next year, if all goes according to plan.
Third-party payment systems tout the security of their transactions, but greater adoption surely would make them more inviting targets. It probably wouldn't hurt to use cash in more transactions.
No matter how easy or hard we make it for cybercriminals at home and abroad to pick our cyberpockets online or at point of sale, though, they're often coming after us for the simple reason it's worth their while.
"The odds are against the American consumer," said Kresse, who likes to call himself "Professor Fraud." "It's a numbers game. We have wonderful IT professionals … and they're working day and night to keep their systems secure and keep the bad guys out. But they're up against hundreds of thousands working on … separating us from our money.
"I like to say fraud never sleeps because, when you're asleep in Chicago, there's someone on the other side of the globe who's been trained in academies and schools … who is trying to get into your system."
Capital One, which for a time featured ads with marauding Vikings for comic effect, continues to tout the tag line, "What's in your wallet?"
Whatever your response, it's safest to assume in this day and age that plenty of other people may know too — right down to the date of birth on your license.
Even if you don't see the marauders, smart money says to act as though they're out there.

In Defense of the Advertisersreddit
Amidst a growing income disparity in the United States and increasing animosity towards corporations and the political and social influence they exert, I feel that those involved in the advertising of these corporations receive an unwarranted amount of scrutiny. This ill will seems reflective of the larger anti-capitalist sentiment that would culminate in the Occupy movements of the earlier part of the decade. This isn't an article meant to defend any particular position on the political spectrum but rather to contextualize the work of contracted labor in a system which is now and for the foreseeable future capitalist and which extends a great deal of freedom to the market. As it turns out my father is a creative director but he only advertises boring products, retirement packages and the like. No, I'm talking more about the wrath incurred by those who advertise things such as fashion, fragrances, beauty products, cars and hard alcohol. I highlight these types of products as their advertisements attempt to show us how one should look, what one should have and how one should live.
What brought this topic to mind was a Zen Pencils comic based on a passage from the artist Banksy's book. The comic portrays a man who finds himself constantly accosted by advertisements for big name products. He becomes increasingly angry in each panel, as the passage remarks upon the feelings of inadequacy invoked by the advertisements of large companies. The passage then speaks to the legal devices which allow the advertisers to act with impunity. I guess the existent false advertising laws are insufficient to both Banksy and Gavin Than, the creator of the comic. The Lanham Act of 1946 , the principal trademark statute law of the United States, makes liable "Any person who, on or in connection with any goods or services, or any container for goods, uses in commerce any word, term, name, symbol, or device, or any combination thereof, or any false designation of origin, false or misleading description of fact, or false or misleading representation of fact." In short, it is incumbent on the advertisers to accurately portray what the product is and what it does. But does this entail a realistic representation of the figures in commercials or, for that matter, a realistic portrayal of the circumstances which may surround the use of a product? I'm inclined to say no.
We live in a world today wherein now, more than ever before, we are constantly exposed to sales media. It appears in newspapers, on billboards, television, our phones -- in fact it seems the only time we aren't subjected to advertisements is in our sleep and I'm sure someone's working on that. But how much influence do these adverts have over us? How much influence should we allow them to have over us?
Advertisements undoubtedly exert a degree of influence on the public, it's why cigarette advertisements were banned from television , but I believe the extent to which we allow them to affect us as individuals is incumbent on us.
A quote commonly attributed to Eleanor Roosevelt reads, "No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." Admittedly this quote may not be easily implemented, but its notion is solid. We needn't become angry with the advertisers, as in the comic, rather we shouldn't allow them the power to make us feel badly about ourselves. It's a known fact that fashion and beauty advertisers use Photoshop.  Meghan Trainor, of All About That Bass fame, knows -- "I see that magazine workin' that Photoshop, we know that sh*t ain't real." So if we can all acknowledge that the photos used in these advertisements are touched up, shouldn't we agree collectively to consider them as, well, fictional? And I don't mean to regard them as lies but rather to regard them as we do the activities portrayed in the movies or a television show, with a suspension of disbelief. When we see a man or a woman with impossible proportions in an ad we should take it in the same way we watch a character shoot webs from his wrists. Do you lament that you can't swing through the skies of Manhattan? Actually maybe you do. I do. Not the best example but you get my point. The people charged with crafting these ads are charged with the task of creating a world that is far more interesting than our own, a world where everyone is impossibly good looking and knows exactly what to say, where the lighting is always perfect, where people just laugh with alcoholic drinks in their hands but never take a sip and never get drunk.  Not to mention, they all have soundtracks. You don't have a soundtrack, though it'd be cool if you did.
So it comes down to a matter of responsibility. It is our responsibility as real people to tell those among us who are most easily influenced, young or young at heart, that these things aren't real. It's our responsibility to tell them that they are wonderful the way they are and that they should change only as they see fit. We need to do this in the same manner that parents eventually tell their children that Santa Claus isn't real. We needn't become angry with the advertisers or even the corporations behind them for that matter just as we needn't become angry with the screenwriters or special effects producers. Rather, we should assume the role of the architects of our own self-perception. In doing so we can take advertisements as they are, not as indictments upon us but as mere glimpses into an inconsequential world.
More:

5 Steps for Developing Winning Moves (for Athletes and Entrepreneurs)reddit
In my Tedx Talk, Embracing Your Awkward Moves , I shared how I went from a Division III athlete to an Olympic Silver medalist in fencing by developing unconventional moves.
At the time, I didn't realize I was engaging in the same process that designers at IDEO and other world-renowned technology think-tanks used to create ground-breaking products like the first Apple Mouse and Crest's no-squeeze toothpaste tube. That process, I've come to understand, is called design thinking, and it's not just for design. I used it then to achieve athletic success and I'm still using it now as an entrepreneur, working to make the sport of fencing accessible to children in low-income communities with my foundation Fencing in the Schools.
The cornerstone of design thinking is Human Centered Design. It involves getting feedback and making revisions from real world situations. Part of discovering my unconventional moves involved me giving up on trying to design moves that I thought should work, or what other people told me should work and focusing instead on designing moves that the system was actually telling me were working.
Here are a few key ideas to help you use design thinking to develop your own winning moves in any industry:
Step 1: Start with a Clear Goal
My goal as a fencer was to make the Olympics and then to win a medal. Because I had a clear goal, it gave me a clear understanding of the results my moves had to achieve. In order to make the Olympics, I had to design moves that could defeat Olympians (with intimidating names like Pozdniakov...).
If a move I was using didn't work consistently on Olympians, then it wasn't a move that would help me achieve my goal and it had to go. Whether designing your business or your game as an athlete you won't succeed unless you have a clear goal,
Step 2: Prototype Your Moves
Prototyping is the time to be creative and try new ideas and solutions. Throughout the 10 plus years I've taken lessons with my coach Yury Gelman, we have tried thousands of different moves and combinations of moves that have ranged from the standard to the incredibly wonky.
It takes time to discover what works best for you. You can't be afraid to experiment, even if some of your ideas seem far-fetched, and you can't be afraid to try things that might "fail." The nature of designing a breakthrough product or move is that you will have many "failures" until you find the thing that works.
Step 3: Hack Your Moves
Having prototyped a new move, I would then go and practice the move with my teammates to see how well it worked. Often it didn't! Sometimes only a piece of a move worked and I would carry the successful bits forward to competition while discarding the "products" that the "market" was telling me wouldn't work.
STEP 4: Test Your Minimally Viable Products
The minimally viable product is a "quick and dirty" testable version of what your final move might look like. It won't have all the smoothed out edges, but it will be strong enough from testing in lessons and practice that you can take it into the "market" for a test-run.
As an athlete, my market is competition. Once I found a promising move, I'd first try it at local competition and see how it would fair against a variety of opponents. If the move still showed promise, I'd take the next step of bringing it to a national competition, and if the move still showed promise, I'd bring it to a world competition.  99 percent of my experiments never made it past a local competition.
Step 5: Observe, Get Feedback and Refine
Each time I brought out a new move I would pay attention to how it was working and against whom. This is where the human centered design approach matters. Ultimately, it doesn't matter if something works in practice. If it doesn't work in the "real world" then it isn't a final solution or product, and back to the drawing board it goes for further tweaking and testing.
The only way to determine if something meets the bar you've set is by testing it in the real world. Yes, sometimes you will look silly when you are testing out a new move in your market, but don't let that deter you. The moves that I ultimately developed to succeed at the Olympics came through years of work and years of "looking silly." If you have a clear goal and a healthy dose of design thinking, eventually you will hit on your winning moves.
Follow Tim Morehouse on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TimMorehouse
More:

Hello Kitty Fans Explore The World of Supercutehello kitty fans explore the world of supercute
Liquidity Glut  Infrastructure Finance Drought and Development Banksreddit
The world economy faces huge infrastructure financing needs that are not being matched on the supply side. Emerging market economies, in particular, have had to deal with international long-term private debt financing options that are less supportive of infrastructure finance. While unconventional monetary policies in advanced countries in the aftermath of the global financial crisis have led to a global liquidity glut, some traditional sources of long-term finance have been strained and alternatives have not been able to adequately compensate. The threat of an eventual reversal of the global liquidity abundance makes even more urgent that emerging market and developing countries find new sources to tap for long-term funding, if they are to fill their infrastructure gap and keep growing. Domestic institutional investors and strengthened local long-term debt markets will be key in that regard. Official development banks can be of help to the extent that they focus on their potential "additionality."
The world economy faces huge needs of infrastructure finance...
Last year, a report by McKinsey Global Institute (2013) estimated that, in order to realize its potential global growth from then to 2030, the world would have to invest in infrastructure (roads, bridges, ports, power plants, water facilities, and other forms) in the range of $57-67 trillion, depending on three different methodologies (Chart 1). To give an idea of what a tall order such a challenge will be, the report notes that the lower bound of the range corresponds to nearly 60 percent above the amount spent in the last 18 years and it is larger than the estimated value of today's infrastructure.
Source: McKinsey (2013) .
The share of infrastructure finance requirements in emerging market economies (EMEs) in those figures corresponds to 37 percent. As those estimates do not embed "development goals" beyond where emerging market and developing economies are nowadays, as well as additional expenditures associated with adaptation to climate change and sustainability needs, they may be considered a lower bound (Swiss Re and IIF, 2014) . The World Bank estimates that these countries need to invest in infrastructure at a rate of an additional $1 trillion per annum through 2020, just to keep pace with the demands of urbanization, growth, climate change, and global integration.
... but the financing gap is yawning
Several factors have been leading to a shortfall of infrastructure finance supply, including in advanced economies. Public sector funding has faced stringent conditions. With a few exceptions -- like China -- most advanced and emerging market economies have become more fiscally constrained in the last few years, as counter-cyclical fiscal policies have reached their limit, either for political and/or debt sustainability reasons. On the private sector financing side, there is an ongoing transition toward a new configuration of infrastructure finance that has left a void: while banks have been retrenching, their replacement by non-bank institutions, wherever feasible, has been inadequate.
Some combination of bond issuance and bank lending is what usually works best in debt finance of greenfield investments in new projects and the creation of new productive assets. Banks are better equipped to address issues of information asymmetries, particularly at the early stages of project design in cases of complex financing needs -- like infrastructure -- whereas the arms-length relationship typical of long-term bond issues and institutional investors is more appropriate for extending and consolidating investment financing. Infrastructure assets are appropriate investments for pension funds, insurance companies, and other long-term financial institutions (mutual funds, sovereign wealth funds, etc.) because they tend to match their long-term liabilities, provide inflation-protected yields, and have a lower correlation to other financial assets. A significant presence of mature long-term debt markets and institutional investors as ultimate asset holders enhances the risk-transfer and risk-transformation functions of financial intermediation as a whole and can make the system more stable.
The problem is that the financial crisis has been followed by a bank retrenchment from the field, without non-bank institutions filling the finance gap. The weight of banking can be gauged by its share in global project finance (Chart 2). In that context, infrastructure financing by banks has been curtailed as part of a deleveraging process which is still in course.
This is particularly the case for European banks, which had traditionally played a significant international role in infrastructure financing prior to the global financial crisis. Their balance-sheet repair and capital-ratio adjustment, since the euro-zone crisis -- as depicted in Chart 3 -- has been obtained mainly by retrenchment on the asset side of their balance sheets, by unwinding existing positions and shunning new commitments.
Such propensity to retrench has been widespread among banks in crisis-afflicted countries, given the higher levels of balance-sheet risk aversion. Remaining uncertainties about the crisis recovery, coupled with prospective regulatory changes (e.g. Basel III) penalizing liquidity and maturity mismatches in deposit-taking institutions, have led banks in general to reduce leverage, shorten finance terms, and raise counterparty requirements across the board.
Source: IIF
On the other side of the finance spectrum, had the financing previously supplied by banks been replaced by pension funds, insurers and mutual funds, their portfolio allocation to infrastructure debt would currently correspond to 12.5 percent; in reality, the actual current allocation is less than 1 percent of global pension fund assets (Swiss Re and IIF, 2014 ). To be sure, as noted above, bank and non-bank infrastructure finance are not perfect substitutes, given their distinctive abilities and willingness to deal with different risks along an investment cycle -- as illustrated in the revealed preference of non-banks toward "brownfield" relative to "greenfield" investment projects. However, given prevailing trends in banking, it is no wonder that so much attention has been dedicated to what it will take to raise "infrastructure as an asset class" -- see the 10-point agenda outlined by IIF (2014) -- and raise the profile of non-bank institutions as a necessity in order to fill the infrastructure finance gap.
EMEs have faced a cross-border infrastructure finance drought amidst a liquidity glut...
Has the relative abundance of capital flows to EMEs since 2008 meant that they have been spared from the challenges associated with the yawning infrastructure finance gap? Despite massive foreign capital inflows to EMEs in recent years (Chart 4), it is doubtful that these will constitute a sufficient solution to the EMEs' infrastructure finance gap. While foreign direct investments have maintained an exuberant pace and can play a significant role in funding infrastructure investments, long-term debt finance -- fundamental to many projects -- has not performed up to the needed levels.
There is a relevant underlying change of composition in the debt component of those heavy capital inflows. International long-term debt flows to developing countries -- bonds and syndicated bank lending with maturities at or beyond five years -- fared well indeed from 2000 to 2012, reaching a fourfold increase in nominal terms at the end of the period, despite a blip in 2008-09 (Canuto, 2013a) . However, this rise comes with an important caveat: lending from foreign banks has declined in absolute terms since 2007, a trend hardly reversible in the foreseeable future. Bond issuance has been primarily used to refinance existing debt at lower costs, or simply to replace syndicated lending that was not being rolled over.
Bond purchases surged after the crisis, reflecting a combination of unconventional monetary policies in large advanced economies, as well as hype about growth prospects in developing countries (Canuto, 2013b; 2013c) . However, not only are bond flows experiencing the effects of the current unwinding of those two factors, but they have been imperfect substitutes to bank's infrastructure financing via long-term lending (Canuto et al, 2014) . The mere abundance of international liquidity of latter years has not been conducive to an equivalent creation of new productive assets in developing countries.
As for cross-border asset acquisition by institutional investors and other long-term financial institutions, assuming that the above-mentioned agenda of tasks for the full development of infrastructure as an asset class is accomplished, one should keep in mind the competition for infrastructure investments in home (advanced) economies, in a context of perceived risks unfavorable to EMEs.
On the other hand, if hypotheses of secular stagnation in some advanced economies are right -- Canuto, O., 2014 -- long interest rates will remain too low to comply with retirement pension needs for a long time. In this scenario, it is worth recalling that today:
"Two particularly pernicious and inter-related challenges confront the global financial system. On the one hand, pools of trillions of dollars of savings, particularly in OECD economies, are trapped in sub-optimal investments earning poor returns. On the other, many developing countries face a serious shortage of capital, even for investments that can generate high financial and economic return. The world's financial system fails to intermediate between the two at any scale. " (Kapoor, 2014)
Source: IIF.
Country sample: BRICS, Turkey, Mexico, Chile, Poland and Indonesia. Note: f = IIF forecast, e = IIF estimate. Inward - Other: Other Inward Investment (mainly bank loans, but also trade credit and official lending, plus some more obscure items like financial derivatives, financial leases, etc.)
... and EMEs need to tap new sources for long-term funding
EMEs have been gradually building their own pool of sizeable long-term assets managed by institutional investors, mainly pension funds and insurance companies, totaling around $5.5 trillion as of end 2012 (Charts 5-6). Besides the increasing role these institutions are expected to play in funding infrastructure, an additional benefit is that a large base of domestic institutional investors could make infrastructure investments more attractive to foreign investors, because they will be perceived as a potential liquidity buffer in times of capital outflows.
As discussed by Canuto et al (2014 ), the task ahead is to develop financial vehicles that can channel EMEs long-term institutional savings into financially viable infrastructure projects. The growing share of public-private partnerships (PPP) for infrastructure projects is facilitating the development of innovative financial structures to fund these projects.
Source: Official sources and J.P. Morgan.
Local fixed-income markets, complemented by more traditional unlisted products, could fill in a large share of the remaining funding gap through infrastructure project bonds,, as long as policy makers develop the appropriate framework for issuers, investors, and intermediaries. Infrastructure project bonds are an innovation in advanced economies, but are showing growing relevance in wider markets, with several types of bonds and credit enhancement schemes being tested, depending on the variety of project (for example, greenfield, brownfield).
Source: Official sources and J.P. Morgan
The challenge for EMEs in developing these bonds is threefold. The first is building or strengthening the fixed-income market regulatory and institutional framework so that structuring, issuance, and placement of infrastructure project bonds becomes cost-efficient. Most large EMEs already have that framework in place and are in a position to support such bonds. The second challenge is to develop the appropriate credit risk enhancement instruments so that project bonds have credit ratings that are acceptable to institutional investors, generally at domestic investment grade or above (BBB-). Governments, multilateral organizations, development banks, and commercial banks should play a key role in either supporting or providing these risk-mitigating instruments. The third challenge is to implement solutions for liquidity support, such as more effective market-making arrangements, so as to attract a broad group of investors and mitigate the "drying effects" of buy-and-hold by institutional investors. The availability of markets and instruments that allow hedging from exchange-rate risks will also help.
Public policies and the direct engagement of government and development agencies in making long-term vehicles financially viable are critical for their success. Furthermore, the development of an active infrastructure project bond market could have a number of positive externalities in reinforcing a long-term fixed-income market for a broader range of issuers. This could compensate for the higher volatility in foreign capital flows and support local fixed-income markets in EMEs that are less dependent on foreign investors.
What Development Banks Can Bring to the Table
In such a context, it is no surprise that the creation/expansion of national and multilateral development banks has been getting so much attention. For instance, most G20 countries now have some type of national development bank and the aggregated sum of their assets amounted to more than $3.5 trillion, according to a recent survey made by UN DESA. By the same token, several existing multilateral development banks have made efforts to raise their financial capacity, while new institutions have been created (e.g. the NDB from the BRICS countries) or are about to be.
In principle, even with a domestic base of banks and other financial intermediation vehicles willing and able to fill the gap left by shrinking international syndicated lending, there would be a unique additional role to be played by such development banks. The key word here is "additionality," i.e. to provide some value added relative to what markets and institutions are already able and willing to do.
First, there is a core financial additionality offered by development banks, when they play a key role as a catalyst, drawing private capital into long-term projects in countries and sectors where significant development results can be expected, but the market perceives high risks. Those institutions contribute their own funding (loans, equity) and/or guarantees, providing partners with an improved creditor status. Bringing partners into specific deals through syndications also generates additional financing.
It is relevant to stress that "more becomes less" after a certain point. The size and composition of development bank portfolios must aim to maximize the "crowd in" of private engagement, rather than taking their place ("crowding out"). This is particularly the case when the supply of development bank finance embeds substantial public subsidies. Counterparty finance and complementarity with private investors at the project level can also mitigate "moral hazard" risks.
Furthermore, those portfolios should be moving frontiers: When success is obtained, perceived risks tend to fall and finance starts to acquire "plain vanilla" attributes. Typically, a development bank helps with infrastructure project finance; then, the investment starts to operate with funding from loans; building and operational risks fall over time (greenfield becomes brownfield); the originator development bank securitizes and makes public offers to institutional and other long-term investors; and the originator is able to initiate a new project cycle.
Development banks can also provide "design additionality," when they help improve the "bankability" -- or "financeability" -- of project designs. There is also a "policy additionality" when their expertise and policy advice contribute to improvement and stability of policy and regulatory environments. While both are obviously the case with multilateral development banks, very often national development banks are also local repositories of technical knowledge. Finally, as a corollary to these contributions, development banks may offer "selection additionality," often improving the process of project selection by governments (Chelsky et al, 2013) .
Ultimately the cost-benefit balance of development banks' operation depends not only on the additionality provided, but also on its funding, particularly as it embeds some level of subsidies. Given that long-term financing needs in general, and developing country infrastructure project financing needs in particular tend towards unequivocal upward growth, the potential retrenchment and inappropriate composition of existing international debt flows, as well as the need to make the way for deeper non-banking financial intermediation, highlights the potential catalytic role of development banks. Nevertheless, as exemplified in the imperfect substitutability -- and indeed the complementarity -- among types of private finance, development banks should make sure they maximize the development bang for their little -- and often costly -- buck by ensuring additionality in what they do.
Follow Otaviano Canuto on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ocanuto
More:

Murdoch s News Corp in talks to invest in financial education website Bigdecisions.inRupert Murdoch's News Corp in talks to invest in financial education website Bigdecisions.in
Sugata Ghosh & Arijit Barman, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 01.09AM IST
Tags:
advertising
(Murdoch’s News Corp is…)
MUMBAI: A fledgling, financial education website that was conceived by a former banker, fascinated by his father's copious records of grocery prices and household budgets for over 20 years, has now caught the attention of the none other than Rupert Murdoch - the world's biggest media magnate.
A year ago, former Citi banker and IIM-Ahmedabad alumnus Manish Shah tied up with a former-Arthur Andersen and KPMG consultant-turned-techie-turned-insurance professional Gaurav Roy to start Bigdecisions.in. This self-funded venture, which has already clocked 100,000 users so far, has been looking for growth capital for its next phase of expansion. Murdoch's News Corp is currently in advance discussions with the founding promoters of the start-up for a strategic investment, which could even end up in a controlling interest, said multiple sources aware of the discussions.
Facing a drop in advertising and subscription revenues, the global media giant has been branching out of its traditional publishing businesses with investments in newer ventures especially in digital and consumer internet properties. If successful, this will also mark the return of Murdoch - one of the earliest backers of local digital properties like Indya.com and Bazee - in this rapidly growing space that has already witnessed unprecedented investor frenzy after almost a decade. Last June, the Australian American billionaire officially split his empire into two separate companies, divorcing News Corp.'s print entities from its broadcast and entertainment operations which got housed under 21st Century Fox.
BigDecisions.in helps retail users make smarter and more informed financial decisions by providing a free platform comprising informative and interactive videos, customised financial calculators and other content that can be used as a starting point of the needs analysis and the financial planning process. They primarily focus on an individual's crucial financial decisions -- retirement planning, children's education, home buying, life and health insurance - hence the moniker. The target audience is someone who has no answers to questions like how much insurance is needed or whether to buy or rent a flat and so on. Interestingly in India, 70% of all research for key financial decisions begin online.
Mumbai-headquartered BigDecisions.in is an initiative of FinDirect Services Private Limited (FinDirect) - a firm that Shah and Roy founded. So far the duo have themselves invested over Rs 50 lakh in developing the platform, supported by a team of six.
When contacted, Manish A Shah, Co-Founder & CEO, told ET, "We have been looking at external growth capital to expand our product offering and to further build it out. So far the two founders have funded the project entirely on their own. We are discussing with several potential investors. Beyond that I cannot comment on specific details or discussions."
Ashley Hudson , Senior VP & media spokesperson at News Corp told ET in an email response that the company would be unable to comment on any rumours or speculation .
Mails sent to Raju Narisetti, senior vice-president for strategy, News Corp, who is also spearheading the group's media and investment interests in India, went unanswered till the time of going to press.
The fund raising is to further help in building the data analytics and technology platform for even more customised data like city and neighbourhood specific historical pricing and rates; expanding the team and strengthen the marketing and brand building efforts. The company is targeting a million visitors a year from a current monthly run rate of 25,000 a month while 30% of its visitors are repeat.
Unlike several of its peers who focus on personal finance, as a platform BigDecisions.in does not charge a visitor nor does it mandate him/ her to register to be able to use its service. Industry experts say, mostly financial planners advise work offline or websites like Perfios, Intuit help in managing investments, taxes, documents online but need registered users for money management. They help unregistered users only with tax filings.
For execution or buying or financial products they have tied up with other 3rd party online sellers like Fundsindia.com or policybazaar.com," said an official familiar with the venture.
"As a platform their underlying objective is customer education and not selling products. So they are free from any vested interest. Typically, objectivity is a problem as advisors may have a motive behind pushing particular products," explained an industry source. "Their financial calculators with 5-10 different parameters are also far more evolved and can be customised as per an individual's need. The answers therefore are closer to reality," he added.
Murdoch's tactical investments in recent times coincides with its strategy to aggressively expand its internet presence in key markets to grow digitally and globally, making technology a canvas for content. In September, it acquired Move Inc , an operator of real estate listings website for $950 million in cash. Other recent acquisitions in the region include a stake in employment listings portal Seek Asia. The company, through REA, an online real estate services provider in Australia , has forged partnerships in China and Hong Kong, besides buying a $100-million stake in iProperty.com, which has a network of sites across Asia, including in India.
Globally, News Corp consolidated its digital strategy with buyouts like Storyful, a social media news agency, and romance novel specialist Harlequin, which accelerated the international digital expansion of HarperCollins, its publishing arm.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinese companies eye India s growing mobile Internet usersChinese companies eye India s growing mobile Internet users
Rick Noack and Ishaan TharoorStores refused to stock the violent game. Gamers counter that the Bible is equally misogynistic.
Dec 6, 2014
The arguments for why the Dutch tradition of Zwarte Piet is not racist are all wrong. Here’s why.
Dec 5, 2014
A commission reporting to Congress raises questions about China’s military gains
Dec 5, 2014
Beset by financial troubles and geopolitical headaches, Russia’s leader turns to ancient history
Dec 4, 2014
An editorial in the Chinese Communist Party’s official paper says the West is “rearing a tiger” and courting “calamity.“
Dec 4, 2014
Authorities apparently issued the directive in 2011, when Kim Jong Un came to power.
Dec 3, 2014
Is Israel a “Jewish Pakistan“? And is Pakistan a “Muslim Zion“?
Dec 3, 2014
Last week’s arrest of student leader Lester Shum yielded an iconic photo of Hong Kong’s protest movement
Dec 2, 2014
Despite differences on foreign policy, the leaders of Russia and Turkey share a great deal in common
Dec 2, 2014
After arriving in Mosul, the 23-year-old discovered jihad wasn’t all it’s cracked up to be.
Dec 1, 2014
Load More
About
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.
Most Read

Tesla shares rise after beating expectationsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Thieves  not Lashkar cell  stole weapons in SrinagarfloodPrint
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 3:52 am
A few days ago, Srinagar police claimed they had uncovered a Lashkar-e-Toiba sleeper cell which had been planning subversive activities. The police claimed that they recovered three AK-47 rifles, 14 pistols and two wireless sets from two “Lashkar militants” — one of the biggest arms hauls in the city in recent years, it set alarm bells ringing because the state is headed to assembly elections.
It now emerges that these two men were not militants but thieves, and the weapons had not come from across the border but were stolen from the malkhana (store room) at the court in Srinagar when it was submerged in the flood last month.
On October 31, the Srinagar police issued a statement saying they “received a specific input regarding the activities of the sleeper cell of Lashkar-e-Toiba outfit active in Nowgam-Chanpora areas of the city. This sleeper cell was specifically tasked to carry out subversive activities in and around Srinagar city in the coming days. The activities of the main characters of the sleeper cell were meticulously monitored that led to the arrest of two militants including a driver of a private school, Mohammad Irfan Haroon resident of Tawheed Colony, Natipora, and Shakeel Ahmad Bhat, resident of Haja Mohalla, Natipora”.
The arrested men had no militant background and did not belong to any militant outfit. According to police records, Irfan had been detained in November, 2011 at Saddar police station after he was accused of stone pelting. He was released on bail 12 days later. Shakeel, as per police records, was “detained as a preventive step in March, 2011 and kept in Chanpora police post for ten days”.
The police records suggest that these two men had not been booked under the Public Safety Act (PSA) which in turn implies that their stone-pelting offence wasn’t too serious. The Public Safety Act, which allows the government to take a person into preventive custody for a period up to two years without trial, has been used to haul in people who police believe are serious offenders.
Police sources said that the two men had been roaming the court premises when the flood water began to recede. The court buildings had been completely submerged in the flood. The duo, the sources said, entered the premises and realised there was no one guarding the store room. The returned in the evening with a motorcycle and a van, broke open the lock of the malkhana and stole the weapons.
The sources said that residents of the locality suspected the men were burglars and confronted them but they escaped after brandishing the weapons. The theft, the sources said, came on the police radar when the men tried to sell the weapons. The police, the sources said, suspect that the men were trying to sell the weapons to militants and had already contacted the Lashkar-e-Toiba in south Kashmir. Two more men, who the police believe contacted the militants, have also been detained — Gazanfar of Nowgam and Sajjad of Chanpora.
Sources said Gazanfar and Sajjad figure in police records continued…

US elections sobering for gay-rightsmovementIn this file photo, Rep Mike Michaud, a gay candidate, concedes defeat to Gov. Paul LePage at an election night rally in Portland, Maine.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 6, 2014 3:40 am
The outcome of the US midterm elections was a sobering election for the gay-rights movement, contrasting with its recent court victories that have nearly doubled the number of states allowing same-sex marriage.
Across the United States, gay-rights activists worried that conservative gains in Congress would hamper their bid for federal anti-bias legislation. Republicans wrested control of the Senate from Democrats and expanded their majority in the House of Representatives in Tuesday’s elections.
Gay-rights leaders acknowledged that the new Congress would be unlikely to support a federal bill outlawing a broad range of discrimination against lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgender people. That has become a top priority for activists now that same-sex marriage seems on the path to nationwide legalization.
“The road will be hard and rocky,” said Heather Cronk of the LGBT-rights group GetEQUAL. “We must offer up forward-thinking legislation to secure much-needed legal protections, rather than wallowing in self-loathing pity.”
In Senate races, several Democrats who supported gay marriage – including Mark Udall of Colorado and Kay Hagan of North Carolina – lost to Republicans who oppose it.
Among the highlights for gay-rights activists was Democrat Maura Healey’s election as Massachusetts attorney general. Healey, a former chief of the civil rights division in the attorney general’s office, was captain of the women’s basketball team at Harvard and played pro basketball in Austria before launching her law career.
But in Maine, Democrat Mike Michaud fell short in his bid to become the first openly gay candidate in the US to be elected governor. The 59-year-old former mill worker and six-term congressman, who made his sexual orientation public last year, had said it would be a boost for the gay community to have a voice in discussions among governors on equality issues.
All five of the openly gay members of the US House of Representatives won re-election, as did Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona, who is bisexual.
But several gay candidates seeking to join their ranks were defeated – including Democrat Sean Eldridge, husband of Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes, in eastern New York, and Republican Richard Tisei in a hard-fought race against Democrat Seth Moulton, an Iraq War veteran, in Massachusetts.
Another gay Republican, Carl DeMaio, was in a virtual dead with Democratic Rep. Scott Peters in a House district in San Diego. DeMaio confronted allegations from a former staffer of sexual harassment in the campaign’s final weeks.
There have been gay Republican congressmen previously, but none who was out of the closet at the time they first won their seat.
Fred Sainz, a vice president of the Human Rights Campaign, said the short-term goal would be “to change the hearts and minds of those not yet there with us.”
He noted in an email that continued…

India a big market for lottery  but not hot...You are here: Home > Collections
India a big market to sell lottery tickets, but not hotel rooms: Simon Cooper, Marriott Hotels
Varuni Khosla, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 02.27AM IST
(India should create space…)
India should create space for mass tourism like Cancun in Mexico and take tourism lessons from Thailand and Egypt, says Simon Cooper, president for Asia Pacific at US hospitality major Marriott Hotels that owns hotel chains such as JW Marriott, Ritz-Carlton and Bvlgari.
The Indian hotel industry has been struggling for the last five years and occupancy of branded hotel rooms has been less than 60% in the last two quarters, largely because of almost doubling of the number of rooms. The industry is expected to see double-digit growth in its revenues per room in the next 18 months, Cooper said in an interview with ET. Edited excerpts:
You have 18 brands in your hotel portfolio, but only seven of those are in India. Do you consider India too small a market to bring in brands like, say, The Bvlgari luxury hotels?
India is a small market for hotels and there are a total of just 100,000 branded hotel rooms in the entire country. It's a big market to sell lottery tickets, but not to sell hotel rooms. While we have been in India since 1998 and brought brands like JW Marriott and Ritz, we see that The Bvlgari Hotel would be a part of the India portfolio only after a few years from now since it is too expensive. It's the same thing we're doing in China. We only use our full-service brands in both countries.
How important is India in the scheme of affairs for Marriott Hotels in terms of revenues globally?
Globally, India is relatively small. But in the Asia Pacific terms, it's No.2 and accounts for 20% of our business. Currently, we have 25 hotels in our portfolio in the country and another 49 are in the pipeline for the next two years. We hope to have one opening every month for the next two years. While China accounts for 50% of our business in the region, it doesn't come close to India when it comes to hospitality. India has a fabulous reputation with legacy hotels such as the Taj, the Oberoi and ITC, but still lacks the critical mass of foreign tourists.
How do you think it can be changed?
I believe India is the largest country in the world without any kind of mass tourism. You haven't be able to create a Cancun like in Mexico. Even Sri Lanka has been able to do it successfully. India should take lessons from Thailand and Egypt when it comes to tourism.
Hotel occupancy in India has been poor since 2009, with just about 60% rooms being occupied. When do you expect a turnaround?
India has seen nearly doubling of hotel room supply since 2006 from 55,000 branded rooms to 100,000. After six years of decline, we should see double digit growth in revenue per available room in the next 18 months. Hotels must set themselves up for the future as we predict demand for rooms will outpace supply by at least 5%.
What is your portfolio going to look like in India the coming years?
We opened a JW in Mussoorie this month, and a 600-room JW is coming up in Sahar, Mumbai. We are about to open two Courtyard by Marriott (business hotel chain) in Agra and Jaisalmer before the end of the year and two Renaissance hotels in the first half of next year. Of the 68 JWs in the world, nearly 10% are in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Suzlon likely to be back in black by April: ...You are here: Home > Collections > Suzlon
Hoping to see Suzlon making profts as early as next financial year, says Tulsi Tanti
Nov 6, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
GBI
(The company, which is the…)
NEW DELHI: Bullish on the domestic clean energy market, wind power equipment manufacturer Suzlon's founder Tulsi Tanti hopes to see his company out of red and making profits as soon as next financial year.
"The last quarter of this financial year we'll be very close to getting out of red and by next financial year we'll be in, let's say, green...I don't like the word black. Let's say green," Tanti told ET.
The company, which is the fifth-largest wind energy equipment manufacturer in the world, reduced its losses year-on-year in September quarter to Rs 656 crore, down from Rs 782.37 crore in the same period last year. Shares of Suzlon rose 4.55 per cent to close at Rs 14.01 on Wednesday.
Betting big on India's clean energy growth story, Tanti thinks that the ratio of his group's revenues at 60:40, coming respectively from its German arm Senvion and Suzlon, will change to 50:50 in future as the domestic market will be more promising. The company currently has an order book of 4.6 gigawatt valued at Rs 38,000 crore.
Not only does the company see onshore and offshore wind energy potential in India at 200,000 megawatts but also thinks that 10,000 megawatts more of wind energy can be added within three years, given the government addresses a few glaring bottlenecks.
"Interest cost is very high for us. If the government can reduce interest cost by 5 per cent and also double generation based incentive ( GBI ) to Rs 1 by using the money from clean energy fund, the cost of energy will go down making it lucrative for consumers," Tanti said, adding that with such cost restructuring, capacity can be added quickly.
He also said that increasing the period of financing from 12 years to 20 years will also be helpful to reduce cost of clean energy for consumers as project developers will not be under pressure to amortise projects soon.
The company foresees 24 per cent increase in wind installations adding 4,000 megawatts by 2017.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Before Modis UP visit  govt to infuse Rs 900cr to revive cooperative banksBefore Modis UP visit  govt to infuse Rs 900cr to revive cooperative banks
Strong book sales push News Corp profit above estimatesStrong book sales push News Corp profit above estimates
Driven: Aston Martin s Vantage GTAston Martin’s answer to the $100,000 question
Matthew Phenix
About the author
Editor of BBC Autos, Matthew is a former editor at Automobile Magazine and the creator of the digital-only Roadtrip Magazine. His automotive and travel writing has appeared in such magazines as Wired, Popular Science, The Robb Report and Caribbean Travel + Life. He lives in Los Angeles with his wonderful wife and four-year-old daughter.
 
How close is the BMW 4 Series to the Concept 4?
HIDE CAPTION
Bargain-hunting and cross-shopping are rarely priorities for buyers of exotic sports cars. But for buyers of premium sports cars, the opportunity to step up to an exotic nameplate for the price of a lesser marque can be very enticing indeed. It is this buyer whom Aston Martin aims to attract with the North America-only 2015 Vantage GT, the British carmaker’s least expensive model since the 1980s.
Related
A sedan for sultans
Pricing for the GT coupe starts at $99,900; the GT roadster starts at $114,400 – close to $20,000 less than the standard V8 Vantage coupe and roadster. Rest assured, however, there is nothing bare-bones about the GT; no cloth seats or manual window cranks here. On the contrary, Aston has given the car a focused, racy demeanor that belies its price tag, and a spec sheet that reads more like that of the top-spec Vantage S than the standard car.
Powering the GT is the Vantage’s familiar 4.7-litre dry-sump V8. The engine produces an eager 430 horsepower and 361 pound-feet of torque, up 10hp and 15lb-ft from the standard Vantage and equal to the Vantage S. The engine is sufficient to bounce the 3,549lb GT coupe from zero to 60mph in 4.6 seconds, and onward to a top speed of 190mph. A six-speed manual transmission is standard equipment; a paddle-actuated seven-speed sequential manual is optional. As quick-witted as this automated manual is, opting for it in the GT would be a crying shame. Simply stated, the six-speed gearbox is the focal point of the GT’s allure. With it, the car is the best kind of naughty; without it, it is merely fast. It is difficult to overstate the pleasure of, say, holding second gear beyond 5,000rpm through a tunnel, or poking the throttle before stepping down from third to second. Buyers looking for a two-seat sports car with an automatic transmission should test-drive a Jaguar F-Type. Full stop.
Almost a decade after its introduction at the 2005 Geneva motor show, the sportiest Aston still looks like a Porsche 911 killer, even though its German rival, which has seen two full generations arrive in that time, has run laps around it in the technology department.
Of course, our test car owed a good deal of its visual panache to a war-paint graphics package. Optional on the GT (mercifully, some might say) this racer-style package includes “lipstick” around the front air intake, and accents on the mirror caps, rear diffuser and, on the coupe, the A-pillar and roof cantrail. (Roadsters get a black fabric top.) Buyers can choose from five colours, each with a racy back story: Jet Black, Speedway White, Skyfall Silver, Mariana Blue (inspired by driver Bobby Parke’s DB2/4 of the 1950s) and, our test car’s Alloro Green with yellow highlights (à la the CC100 concept car from 2013).
By lowering the point of entry below $100,000, and by equipping the GT so completely, Aston has successfully breathed new life into an aging sports car. But the move also offers a wicked temptation to car-shoppers who had fixed their gaze upon a 911 Carrera or an F-Type. Swift and sensuous and technology-laden, the new Jag – particularly the coupe – is a luscious beast; there’s no denying it. And a Porshe is a blue-chip investment.
But the Vantage GT is, well, an Aston Martin. And for some buyers, that may be more than enough to seal the deal.
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
Aston has given the car a focused, racy demeanor that belies its price tag, and a spec sheet that reads more like that of the top-spec Vantage S than the standard car.

E-tailers going beyond discounts to acquire customers and build loyaltyE-tailers going beyond discounts to acquire customers and build loyalty
Priyanka Pani
Harness analytical tools to predict buyer needs and offer personalised solutions
Mumbai, November 4:  
Alka Mishra, a Mumbai-based software engineer, was pleasantly surprised when she logged onto Snapdeal to find that the site already knew what she had thought of buying. Using analytical software tools, Snapdeal was able to find a trend from her previous purchases on the online site, which enabled it to predict the requirement. 
A colleague of Mishra’s got gift coupons from another shopping site, Homeshop18, for referring her friends and relatives to shop on the website. Some online companies are also creating personalised home pages so users get a unique look and feel.
“Discounts are a major draw for consumers but definitely not the only one. We are trying to give a personalised offering to each consumer and this has resulted in more conversion and repeat customers,” said Sandeep Komaravelly, Senior Vice-President (Marketing), Snapdeal.
Thinking ahead
As the $3.5 billion e-commerce industry grows bigger, online firms are going beyond discounts to acquire customers. They are now using a host of tools for customer engagement, including offering tailor-made solutions. 
They are creating carefully merchandised pages after studying consumer behaviour, actively using wish-lists, email retargeting and display retargeting to pull back straying customers.
These strategies are not only cost effective but also help get more repeat and loyal customers.
Sundeep Malhotra, Founder & CEO, HomeShop18, said that during the festive season, “we sent out approximately 10 million personalised SMSes to inform our customers about interesting offers and product promotions”. He added that the company saw a 250 per cent spike in sales and traffic this year.
Amazon (both globally and in India) has a referencing tool that allows the site to automatically suggest books on subjects similar to the ones a customer is already looking at. This creates the possibility of impulse buying, a very important and critical method to boost sales, say experts.
A few companies are conducting quizzes and campaigns around the benefits of buying online, about safe usage of using credit cards and sometimes involving them on social issues and taboos.
Awareness campaign
For example, lingerie e-tailer Zivame.com launched a campaign on both television and Twitter to encourage women from smaller towns to break away from the taboos and misconceptions around lingerie that still exist in India. Half of Zivame’s sales come from smaller towns.
Companies such as online food grocer Bigbasket.com keep records of the last shopping transaction, thus making the next purchase really quick and fast.  It allows shoppers to store information on their favourite foods, favourite butcher, and so on, enabling the site to continuously identify and deliver meats, cheeses and produce just the way you like them.
 Flipkart, the country’s largest e-commerce company, said it is not just the buying experience but delivery, customer service and return policies that play a big role in building a positive online shopping experience.
  According to Radhika Aggarwal, Co-Founder, Shopclues.com, tie-ups with affiliate sites such as couponing, recharge and cash-back sites, as also partnerships with banks and telecoms help bring in customers every day. About 40 per cent of Shopclues’ transaction volumes come through such initiatives.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Indians capable of building WhatsApp for the worldPrint
>
Hyderabad, Nov 4 (IANS) Indians have it in their DNA to build the next WhatsApp for the world, a top company official said here Tuesday.
"While Indians, thanks to their propensity for hard work and great ideas, have this DNA in them naturally, what is missing is the ecosystem to leverage it," said Neeraj Arora, vice president for business development at WhatsApp, the world's most successful mobile messenger service.
Arora, an alumnus of the Indian School of Business (ISB), was interacting with his juniors and peers at the ISB campus here Tuesday.
Recounting his experience at ISB as a student of the class of 2006, he said ISB was a great place to experience the ecosystem at home.
The biggest thing for him was the world class faculty at ISB and the diverse quality of the class - both provided him a global perspective with a mix of emerging markets approach.
Talking about his M&A negotiation experience at Google and at WhatsApp, Arora said he could implement what he had picked up at ISB.
"At Google, I was able to use what I learnt in the Negotiation Analysis course at ISB", he added.
Arora played a key role in closing the $19 billion acquisition of WhatsApp by Facebook earlier this year.
After finishing the Postgraduate Programme in Management (PGP) at the ISB, he worked at IndiaTimes and Google before joining WhatsApp in 2011.
Related video

http://usat.ly/1wy3I4SFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Tesla reports Q3 profit, beats expectations
Electric car maker Tesla, which had had one of Wall Street's most high-flying stocks, reported Wednesday that it saw an adjusted GAIN LOSS of XX cents a share in the third quarter. Analysts had expected it
Post to Facebook
Tesla reports Q3 profit, beats expectations Electric car maker Tesla, which had had one of Wall Street's most high-flying stocks, reported Wednesday that it saw an adjusted GAIN LOSS of XX cents a share in the third quarter. Analysts had expected it Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u1gfNe
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
8
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Tesla reports Q3 profit, beats expectations
Video Keywords gas prices Las Vegas USA today
Electric car maker Tesla, which has been one of Wall Street's most high-flying stocks, reported Wednesday that it beat analysts expectations with an adjusted profit of 2 cents a share in the third quarter. Analysts had expected it to break even. Dan MacMedan/USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  Yeah as for Tesla investors the company says it made
00:04  two cents a share unadjusted basis in the third quarter. That
00:09  beat analysts' expectations. I'm Chris what you're to USA today analysts
00:13  had expected that the artist to be about flat. Non-GAAP basis
00:17  the company says it cost about 75 million. Tesla says it
00:21  will deliver 33000. Cars this year a little bit below what
00:25  it is said before because it says increasing complexity of the
00:28  cars it's making it more difficult. The big challenge for Tesla
00:31  is going to be kidding keep the momentum going as gas
00:35  prices fall. At the Las Vegas. Convention center where the seamless
00:39  show is going on it featuring a customized tassel like this
00:42  one I'm Chris what geared for USA today.
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 8:09 p.m. EST November 5, 2014
Elon Musk CEO of Tesla with a Model S electric car outside the Tesla factory in Fremont, Calif.
(Photo: Jessica Brandi Lifland, for USA TODAY)
109 CONNECT 53 TWEET 30 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Electric-car maker Tesla, which has been one of Wall Street's highest fliers, reported Wednesday that it beat analysts' expectations with an adjusted profit of 2 cents a share in the third quarter. Analysts had expected it to break even.
The earnings are down from a 12-cent-a-share gain a year ago.
Tesla said its adjusted gain for the quarter was $3 million on revenue of $932 million, up from $852 million last year and beating analysts' expectations for $893.8 million.
On a GAAP basis, Tesla lost $75 million, or 60 cents a share, which the company said is consistent with past guidance.
The results came after the market had closed, and the stock jumped in after-hours trading. Tesla shares, which had risen to $260  at the start of October, closed Wednesday at $239.97, down $7.96 or 3.33% for the day. Shares were trading up about 7% after the report.
Tesla says it plans to deliver 33,000 cars this year, down from the 35,000 it had forecast earlier. It blamed the complexity of the new features, including all-wheel drive, that it unveiled recently. It says it expects to make 50% more cars next year. It also said, however, that it was postponing the sale of its coming Model X crossover from the first quarter to the third quarter of next year.
"We're adding some very new stuff that's not out there," Musk said in a conference call after the results were released. As a result, it's taking longer to bring the Model X to market.
Tesla has been pushing hard to increase overseas sales, especially in China. It recently introduced enhanced versions of its only model, the Model S luxury electric sedan. A new performance version is billed by the Palo Alto, Calif.-based company as the quickest accelerating sedan, at zero to 60 miles per hour in 3.2 seconds.
The company also introduced an "autopilot" feature. While stopping short of a self-driving car, it incorporates features designed to make driving easier.
Despite falling gas prices, Musk says he's far more worried about maintaining Tesla's production pace than enticing new customers.
"Demand is not our issue. Production is our issue," Musk said. "We have more demand that we can address."
The next quarter, however, could be difficult as Tesla faces lower gas prices, which give car buyers less incentive to buy a fully electric car.
Contributing: Matt Krantz
109 CONNECT 53 TWEET 30 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u1gfNe
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

China step closer to sanctioning QualcommChina a step closer to sanctioning Qualcomm
By Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b9d09792-132a-11e4-925a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Now Bihar simmers: communal clashes surge after BJP-JD(U)splitSecurity forces in Nawada after the violence. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: November 6, 2014 4:02 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 5:35 am
Bihar has seen over 170 incidents of communal clashes since June 2013, when the BJP parted ways with the JD(U) government. That’s more than 10 incidents a month, nearly thrice the average of three-four when the parties were together.
Last month, the Bhojpur district administration succeeded in preventing one such incident following violence over immersion of an idol at Sahar in Ara. Over a dozen people were injured, including three policemen, and five roadside shops burnt before the situation was brought under control.
On Tuesday, a Special Auxiliary Police constable was injured during stone-pelting between Hindu and Muslim groups over partial damange to a Hindu deity statue in Aurangabad.
According to sources, while some situations have been handled with community intervention, FIRs have been registered in over 70 cases of minor clashes. Over 25 people were arrested and later released on bail. Only in the worst case of communal riot, Nawada in August 2013, in which a Hindu and a Muslim were killed, were three people booked, including a Bajrang Dal worker.
Over three dozen people have have been injured in the clashes, which began soon after the JD(U)-BJP 17-year alliance broke up.
Since Jeetan Ram Manjhi replaced Nitish Kumar as Chief Minister in May, there have been 38 cases of communal clashes.
During Nitish’s seven-and-a-half years of the NDA government, the state had seen no major communal clash.
Ten communal incidents were reported in September, the highest in a month so far since June 2013. This month has seen three major communal clashes, at Kishanganj, Saran and Bhopjpur. Prohibitory orders had to be imposed in Kishanganj for two days after the head of a cow was reportedly found near a temple, while Saran saw trouble over idol immersion.
Most clashes, including last month’s, happened after an attempt to divert idol immersion routes to Muslim pockets.
Bihar Minority Welfare Minister Shahid Ali Khan played down the clashes as “over-reading of minor incidents between neighbours from different religions”, but added that the state government had been watchful.
Bhojpur SP Rajesh Kumar admitted there had been tension. “There was some provocation because of stone-pelting from the other side, but we were able to defuse the tension and will keep police forces posted here for some time. We will engage the community at some stage.”
The Bihar Police headquarters does not keep a separate record of “communal violence” but lists such cases under “riots”, a category that covers sundry clashes irrespective of the caste and religion of offenders. The figures by The Indian Express are of communal violence.
The rise in the number of violent incidents suggests that the JD U) government, which is now running without a “cadre-based” BJP, is not able to nip such incidents in the bud, unlike earlier, when leaders of the BJP would be asked to “engage community leaders at the grassroots level”.
The clashes also reflect a growing distrust between the Hindus and Muslims now that they owe loyalty to continued…

World Economic Forum: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley pitches for rate cutWorld Economic Forum: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley pitches for rate cut
Factbox: New leaders of U.S. Senate panels to shift energy  climate focusFactbox: New leaders of U.S. Senate panels to shift energy  climate focus
Viridis Energy Schedules Conference Call to Present Third Quarter 2014 Financial ResultsViridis Energy Schedules Conference Call to Present Third Quarter 2014 Financial Results
Cabinet rejig: Parrikar  next defence minister | Suresh Prabhu to play a bigger roleSpeculation over Cabinet reshuffle; Manohar Parrikar for defence?
MEERA MOHANTY & AKSHAY DESHMANE, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(Talk of the cabinet expansion…)
BHUBANESWAR | NEW DELHI: Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar could move to Delhi as India's next defence minister, as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's much-anticipated cabinet expansion.
Parrikar was in Delhi on Wednesday meeting BJP chief Amit Shah and PM Modi, and sources close to the Goa CM said a formal offer to join the Union Cabinet was made on Tuesday. Parrikar's possible elevation has been a subject of speculation for a while.
However, speaking to ET late on Wednesday evening at Delhi's Goa Sadan, Parrikar distanced himself from the speculation.
Parrikar told ET that he was in Delhi only to discuss "some requirements related to Goa" since the PM is going on a foreign visit soon. "The issue (of him joining the government as defence minister) did not come up during our discussions...I continue to be the chief minister of Goa," he said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley has been holding the defence portfolio as an additional charge since May 26, when the Modi administration assumed office. PM Modi has made a number of changes to the top echelons of his government in recent weeks, with a number of senior-level bureaucratic appointments. Suresh Prabhu, a former minister in the Vajpayee government, has moved to PMO, where he has oversight of policy issues in infrastructure sectors and areas such as mining.
A member of RSS, Parrikar, the putative defence minister, belongs to the Saraswat Brahmin community and has maintained a moderate image, winning the support of Goa's Catholic community both during the assembly elections of 2012 and the parliamentary elections this year.
Parrikar was the first BJP chief minister to back the appointment of Modi as party's prime ministerial candidate while hosting BJP's national executive conclave in 2013 in Panaji.
In April this year, when there were strong rumours of him being part of Modi's cabinet, Parrikar had told ET that he would prefer to stay on in Goa. "I do not think there is a need for me to go to the Centre, and neither has the party, as yet, asked me to. You don't have to be a part of the Cabinet, and can still contribute to certain key issues. In any case, who is part of the cabinet is the prerogative of the PM."
Goa is in the midst of restarting its export-oriented iron ore industry on which the state depends on for both revenues and employment. Several critical issues for the small and dense coastal state of Goa remain to be sorted out with the ministry of environment, including a relaxation of the Coastal Regulation Zone norms and allowing mining near wildlife sanctuaries. The Goa cabinet approved a new mining policy on Wednesday, according to TV channels. Meanwhile, in Jaipur, speculation that Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhara Raje could move to Delhi as a Union minister also resurfaced on Tuesday bringing forth a strong denial from the party's state unit. The fresh round of rumours was sparked off by a tweet by former IPL commissioner Lalit Modi, who batted for BJP leader Om Mathur as CM. The state unit of BJP, which had refused to respond to the rumours until now, was forced to categorically deny such a possibility.
At a press conference, Rajasthan BJP chief Ashok Parnami asserted there was no plan afoot for a leadership change in the desert state.
"The issue is again being discussed after a long time. I do not know what is the reason behind the revival of this speculation, but it is possible that Raje's self-assertion during her cabinet expansion last Monday may have irked some people in Delhi," a Rajasthan MP close to the central leadership told ET on the condition of anonymity on Wednesday. A senior MLA with a reputation for challenging the state government's policies in the Assembly, who was also among the hopefuls for a cabinet minister's position in the state but was ignored, said Raje was unlikely to be moved to the Centre.
"Goa's case cannot be compared with Rajasthan's. This is not the way it (change in leadership) can happen here. She has got 25 MPs and 160 MLAs, and is very popular. Also, it has been less than a year since she assumed charge, and nothing adverse against her government has come up yet, so more time will likely be given to her since no reason exists to ask her to leave," this MLA said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Victim in Philadelphia Abduction Has Been Found Alive  Law Enforcement SaysChilling Video Shows Woman's Abduction in Philadelphia
Ed Hanko, the special agent in charge of the Philadelphia FBI field office, said that because of tips called in from the public, investigators were "able to identify this individual, identify his car and track it into Maryland."
Law enforcement officials told ABC News that authorities tracked Barnes' car because he had GPS installed in it.
Freeland-Gaither was found inside the car and was treated at a local hospital before being released, police said.
Philadelphia Police Department
PHOTO: Delvin Barnes, 37, was arrested in connection for the alleged abduction of 22-year-old Carlesha Freeland-Gaither.
Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey, in a Thursday interview with ABC News, said the video of the kidnapping "added a sense of urgency" to the case. He credited Freeland-Gaither's spirit in the face of her circumstances.
"My understanding is that even after she was in the car and she was bound she continued to fight and struggle with this guy, so she’s got a lot of fight in her, and that probably helped keep her alive," Ramsey said.
Hanko said that she is "in good shape," but police still have not had a chance to interview her.
Freeland-Gaither's mother, Keisha Gaither, attended Wednesday's news conference and said that her daughter was emotional in a phone call.
"She was very upset. She was crying," Gaither said of her daughter.
"Thank you for keeping me up. Thank you for being there for us. I'm taking my baby home," she added.
Barnes is being held as a result of an outstanding attempted capital murder warrant that was issued for him in Virginia, though he is expected to face federal charges once the ongoing investigation into Freeland-Gaither's case is complete.
Courtesy WPVI
PHOTO: Carlesha Freeland-Gaither was found safe inside the vehicle, pictured, after the suspect was apprehended when investigators tracked his car to Jessup, Maryland.
Investigators said that they have no reason to believe Barnes knew his victim before the abduction.
The Charles City County Sheriff's Office told ABC News that a 16-year-old female was abducted off the street on Oct. 1 -- similar to what happened to Freeland-Gaither -- and was also missing for nearly two days. Captain Jason Crawley said the victim in that case also did not know Barnes.
"He's a thug and this is what he does apparently," Ramsey told reporters. "People like this, there's nothing that makes sense."
In the surveillance video released Monday, Freeland-Gaither can be seen fighting to get away from her attacker during Sunday's abduction.
Freeland-Gaither was pulled down the street in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia toward the man’s car, which police believed to be a 2000 or 2002 gray Ford Taurus. At one point, she even fell to the ground to try and get away before she was pushed into the car.
Get real-time updates as this story unfolds. To start, just "star" this story in ABC News' phone app. Download ABC News for iPhone here or ABC News for Android here . To be notified about our live weekend digital reports, tap here.

Keep an eye on Internet  Rajnath Singh tells InterpolKeep an eye on Internet  Rajnath Singh tells Interpol
"Economy at turning point""Economy at turning point"
Bharti calls off deal with Loop MobileBharti calls off deal with Loop Mobile
RIL to exit US shale gas pipeline ventureRIL to exit US shale gas pipeline venture
Supreme Court not to make black money list public; leaves it to SITPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: October 30, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: October 30, 2014 1:23 pm
Complying with the Supreme Court’s order , the government on Wednesday placed before the court the complete list of 627 Indians who have accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva. Stating that almost half these names are under tax probe for allegedly stashing black money abroad,  the government said charges have to be filed by March next year.
As directed by the court on Tuesday, the documents containing names of the account holders, correspondence with French authorities and the status report of the probe conducted so far in the black money case were submitted in separate sealed covers by Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi. The court said it would not make the names public at this juncture.
ALSO READ: Government says its hands tied, defers tax treaty signing 
Appearing before a bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu, Rohatgi said almost half the account holders were resident Indians, who could be prosecuted under the Income Tax laws, while the others were NRIs. Some have already admitted that they have accounts and have paid taxes, he said.
The bench, also comprising Justices Ranjana P Desai and Madan B Lokur, said the court would not have asked for the entire list if the government had not opposed its directive to disclose everything.
“All this problem did not start because we wanted the list but because you came out with an unnecessary application asking for modification of our original order of 2011. We had already told you that our only concern is to get the black money back,” said the bench.
“We don’t want to open these papers and embarrass anyone. That has never been our intention. You should not have pressed this application of yours, especially after petitioner-in-person senior advocate Mr Ram Jethmalani made those sarcastic remarks against you when you mentioned the new plea,” it said.
The bench was referring to the government’s application that sought modification of the 2011 order to enable it to release only selective information about account holders under probe.
The court said it had already constituted a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to look into the case. “The SIT knows its job. They are not laymen. They may devise their own procedure if required. We had to ask you to give us the list because you filed this application. They will decide whether Income Tax or CBI or Enforcement Directorate need to probe,” it said.
Rohatgi conceded that that the government’s intent was perhaps “misunderstood” and he would not press his application anymore in the court.
The court directed that the documents be sent to the SIT, to be opened only by Chairman M B Shah and Vice-Chairman Arijit Pasayat, both former judges of the Supreme Court who are part of the SIT.
Asking the SIT to submit a status report by November-end, the bench said the SIT would proceed in accordance with the law and could also evolve its own procedure with regard to the future course of investigation.
Rohatgi said the entire list had already been given to the SIT on June 27, but the court retorted: “We don’t even know if the list that you have given to us is the same list that you have given to the SIT. It now for them to verify everything… it is for the SIT to now make use of these documents.”
The next hearing of the case has been scheduled for December 3.

How Government Can Make It Easier for Americans to Lead Healthier Livesreddit
Something has to give. We have a serious health crisis in America and it's impacting a whole lot more people than the Ebola virus. Over the past 30 years childhood obesity rates have tripled; 1 in 3 adults are overweight or obese; and over 29 million people have diabetes. All of these things have helped cause our healthcare spending as a nation to go through the roof, with no end in sight. Studies have shown that one of the largest contributors to this debacle is the enormous quantities of sugar we each consume every day as a nation.
Some of that consumption is in obvious forms like soda, donuts and cookies.  But a lot of it is "hidden" in 80% of the more than 600,000 items sold in the average supermarket. We use the term hidden because there are several ways food manufacturers thwart the consumer's ability to understand exactly how much sugar is in the product they are buying. One is by using over 56 different names for the ingredient (like dextrose, agave nectar, beet sugar, fructose, glucose, and honey).  Unfortunately, as Shakespeare wrote, a rose by any other name would smell as sweet and the same goes for sugar.
Another tactic used by food and beverage manufacturers is the use of the gram as the nutrition label measurement instead of the more easily understood teaspoon. Let's be honest, most everyone can conceptualize what a teaspoon is. They are used every day in kitchens everywhere. But the gram is more elusive (Full disclosure: even this co-author who has published cookbooks doesn't understand the gram measurement.) It's time to make it easier, not harder, for Americans to lead healthier lives.  That is why the second author on this post, Congressman Tim Ryan, is calling on the FDA to change sugar measurements from grams to the more commonly understood teaspoons.
The World Health Organization has said that the average person should consume no more than 25 grams of sugar or translated a little over 6 teaspoons. That means one 12 oz. can of Coca-Cola, which contains approximately 9 teaspoons (39 grams) of sugar, is 3 teaspoons (14 grams) of sugar more than the suggested daily allowance... AND that is just for one "small" can of soda!
We believe that one of the primary keys to healthier eating is education and understanding what is in our food. What simpler way to start than on the nutrition label. This will help everyone make better and healthier decisions about what they buy in the store and what they serve at their tables. Wow, that breakfast yogurt has 8 teaspoons of sugar! My kid's cereal 12 teaspoons! This nutrition bar has 5 ½  teaspoons! So, let's scramble up some eggs instead.
_________
Laurie David is the author of The Family Cooks and the executive producer of Fed Up.
Congressman Tim Ryan represents the 13th district of Ohio in the U.S. House of Representatives. He's also the author of The Real Food Revolution: Healthy Eating, Green Groceries, and the Return of the American Family Farm.
Follow Laurie David on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Laurie_David
More:
Obesity Childhood Obesity Soda
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Delhi February electionswww.elections.in/delhi    Cached
Know date of Delhi elections, previous results, history of Parliamentary and Assembly Elections in Delhi, Political Parties, Updates and news about 2015 elections.
Will remain active but won't contest elections: Sheila...
Sify NewsDes 6 7:37 PM
Former Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Saturday confirmed that she would be a part of the Congress' election campaign in the city but ruled out contesting the elections in Delhi.

Mallikarjun Kharge panel-kharge...panel.html    Cached
New Delhi, Nov 4 (IBNS): Leader of Congress in Lok Sabha, Mallikarjun Kharge was inducted in a key panel headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, media reported ...
Also Try

US Vibrant Gujarat 2015The Times of IndiaDes 4 5:37 AM
search results
www.vibrantgujarat.com    Cached
Vibrant Gujarat Summit 2015. The preparation of 7th Vibrant Gujarat Summit, which is planned during 11th to 13th January 2015 at Mahatma Mandir, Gandhinagar, Gujarat ...
www.vibrantgujarat.com/vg-2015.htm    Cached
The preparation of 7th Vibrant Gujarat Summit, which is planned during 11th to 13th January 2015 at Mahatma Mandir, Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India have began well ahead ...

GK Vasan Congress split-splits-congress...    Cached
Congress, mired in one of its worst crises with a growing list of electoral defeats, has new whiplash to contend with. The party has split in Tamil Nadu, where it has ...

Infratweets: Time to powerupMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Defence Deals Cleared
The Defence Acquisition Council has cleared much-delayed defence contracts. This comes close on the heels of the Cabinet decision to raise FDI in the defence sector to 49%, subject to the condition that Indian owners exercise management control. The move is aimed at reducing imports and indigenizing defence production.
Tweet | Getting the mojo back: Rs 80,000 crs Defence orders & imminent Rs 60,000 crs EPC Road contracts expected to get Engg/Constr sector buzzing.
Powering Up The Gencos
In the wake of the gas price revision, the government plans to pool imported and domestic fuel prices. Floundering power stations can expect a bailout package needed to crank up their electricity production and provide a boost to the economy.
Tweet |  Pooling of dom & imp coal + gas – now under consideration by Govt. Industry had suggested this to UPA 5 years ago. If only they had listened.
Electricity Act Gets A Facelift
Changes are aimed at introducing separate licences for the wire business and supply of power thus paving the way for open access for large customers.
Tweet |  Proposed changes in Electricity Act in right direction – open access, carriage & content, provider of Last Resort & realistic tariff setting.
Balancing Act Needed
The Uttarakhand flood disaster prompted the Supreme Court to direct the ministry of environmental affairs (MOEF) not to grant further clearances for hydroelectric projects in the state.
Tweet |  Middle ground required: Environmentalists want 24 hydel projects dropped in Uttarakhand. State Govt keen as they drive growth.
Solar Power – The Game Changer
The government plan to give clean energy a boost hinges on developing large solar power installations along the lines of ultra mega thermal projects. Bloomberg has predicted that by 2020 solar energy will beat coal on costs without subsidies. This would translate into renewable energy share of electricity production of 45% by 2030.
Tweet | Govt targets the most ambitious energy initiative ever in the history of India. 100,000 MW of Solar Power in 5 yrs. All policies to converge. US firm FirstSolar bids lowest at Rs 5.35/unit in Andhra Pradesh tender. Who would have thought solar would get so competitive so quickly?
Solar power modules costing looking similar to computer chips cost history. In 3 years, prices of solar modules have come down by 85%.
Tackling The Fiscal Deficit
The government has announced austerity measures to bring down fiscal deficit to 4.1% of GDP for the current fiscal. It has also declared a series of measures to increase efficiency of govt functioning such as punctuality and strict accountability for time bound implementation of projects with the PMO itself monitoring activities.
Tweet | Govt’s austerity drive welcome. Even more welcome is the productivity drive. Input-Output Ratio & Plant Load Factor require dramatic rise.
Some Cheer For Realty Sector
Lowering of the minimum built up area and capital requirement as well as easy exit norms are expected to attract foreign investment in the construction sector. While the embattled large Indian players in the realty market are unlikely to immediately reap the benefits, the emphasis on encouraging smaller projects and affordable housing would be a boon for the realty market.
Tweet | Sunlight thru the clouds: Easier FDI in Constrn comes thru amidst battered realty stocks, petulant Realty Funds & Regulatory aggression.
Sensible: To FDI in constrn, Developers may be freed from restrictions on size, min capitalisation & exit if they do 30% affordable housing.
India’s First Fully Wi-Fi Enabled Railway Station
Indian Railways is beginning to show signs of a technology leap. Biodegradable toilets and a slew of safety measures are some of the other initiatives that the Railways is putting in place across its nationwide network of stations.
Tweet | IT Capital shows the way: Bangalore City Rly Station becomes the first station to be fully wi-fi enabled. Now for the balance 7171 stations!
Reaching For The Skies
The aviation sector is poised for huge growth. Under the Greenfield Airport Policy, the government is focusing on building 100 no-frills airports to improve air connectivity with under-served regions in the country.
Tweet | 86% of air traffic from 6 metro airports and 12 other cities. Clear need to broad base connectivity, which govt is rightfully pushing for.
Troubled Times For Indian Railways
The decline in passenger growth has sent alarm bells ringing.  Indian Railways faces a tough situation given its huge capacity constraints. In contrast, road transport has geared up to offer passengers efficient, affordable and comfortable travel options. Further, as the middle class shifts to low cost airlines, railways will have to deal with declining revenues in the future.
Tweet | Capacity saturation point reached: For 1st time in history, Indian Rlys likely to see flat or declining passenger volumes in fiscal 14-15.
Poor Show On The Ganga Cleanup Front
The Supreme Court has ordered the National Green Tribunal to shut down industries that release untreated effluents into the Ganga. Besides, there are 74 towns and cities situated along the banks of the river that need to modernize their archaic waste disposal systems.
Tweet | Executive failure: Supreme Court slams Central & State Pollution Control Boards for their callous failure to prevent effluents into Ganga.
Funding Fundamentals
The ambitious Sagar Mala project, a maritime infra-cum-policy initiative which envisages setting up of a string of ports for coastal and international shipping, is going in for innovative funding sources.
Tweet | Shipping Ministry wants to mimic petrol-diesel cess used to fund highway devpt. Wants a cess on sea-cargo to fund port devpt.
Not a bad idea.
Coal Regulator Bill On The Anvil
The new government seems intent to give more teeth to the regulator and actually make it a neutral and effective watchdog of the challenged coal sector.
Tweet | Progressive: Coal Regulator Bill in winter session of Parliament. Unlike UPA , Govt is likely to hand over ‘pricing decision’ to Regulator.
– Vinayak Chatterjee is Chairman of Feedback Infra.
His Twitter handle: @Infra_VinayakCh
A weekly compilation of the author’s tweets – with a brief backgrounder – in the infra space, by Adite Banerjie.
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Which Industries Are Growing Earnings the Fastestreddit
The U.S. industries generating the strongest earnings growth are largely built on the construction sector, according to recent data from Sageworks , a financial information company.
Six of the 10 industries with the strongest year-over-year growth in profits are within or closely related to construction, based on private-company financial statements filed over the past year.
Specifically, the strongest profit growth has been generated by wholesalers of lumber and other construction materials, wholesalers of hardware, plumbing and heating equipment, residential builders and real estate agencies, based on the financial statement analysis .
The ranking reflects not just sales growth but also profitability improvements across privately held companies, said Sageworks analyst Libby Bierman. Sageworks' most recent Private Company Report indicated that construction companies are growing revenues by 13.1 percent on average, according to financial statements for the 12 months ended Sept. 25.
"On the sales side, our data point to construction as a sector that's leading the way," Bierman said. "When private companies grow their top line, it impacts the bottom line."
She noted that many of the industries generating the strongest profit growth recently have been improving sales at a strong pace for several years in a row after taking a hit during the recession.
Companies involved in utility system construction, for example, "may not be the flashiest of businesses, but they have had double-digit sales growth the last several years," Bierman noted. "As they've increased their revenue, they've been able to cover fixed costs - whether that's costs for big equipment or space for the business - a lot more quickly, and that enables them to turn a profit more quickly. You're seeing that now in their profits."
The industry, which includes companies that build utility system storage tanks, pumping stations and distribution lines, has increased profits at an annual rate of 37 percent, according to Sageworks' analysis of financial statements from the last 12 months. That growth puts the industry at #2 on Sageworks' list of industries with the highest growth in net profit. Lumber and other construction-material wholesalers topped the list with nearly 38 percent profit growth. Overall, privately held companies had net profit growth of nearly 19 percent over the last 12 months.
Through its cooperative data model, Sageworks collects financial statements for private companies from accounting firms, banks and credit unions, and aggregates the data at an approximate rate of 1,000 statements a day. Net profit has been adjusted to exclude taxes and include owner compensation in excess of their market-rate salaries. These adjustments are commonly made to private-company financials in order to provide a more accurate picture of the companies' operational performance.
Profitability improvements also help a company generate more dollars in profit, so it's worth noting that two of the industries (death care services, which includes funeral homes and cemeteries, and offices of real estate agents) on the newest list have been generating some of the highest profit margins across all private companies.
Sageworks Chairman Brian Hamilton said profits are especially important to private companies, because business owners provide for their families and put food on the table using those dollars left over after all expenses are paid. Some large publicly traded firms can get away with a lack of profits for a time, but it's not so simple for private companies, he noted.
In addition, given private companies' role in the U.S. economy, their financial performance is an essential gauge of the overall U.S. economy. Of the more than 27 million businesses in the U.S., publicly traded firms account for less than 1 percent, and private companies drive 65 percent of new job creation.
"Good performance from private companies is good news for the overall economic climate in the U.S.," Hamilton said.
Private companies overall have been doing well, based on Sageworks' data heading into October. Companies on average grew sales at a rate of 8.6 percent and saw net profit margins (net profit as a percentage of sales) of nearly 7 percent. Sales growth is roughly the same as a year earlier, while profitability has edged higher from the previous 12-month period.
Follow Mary Ellen Biery on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MELloyd
More:

http://usat.ly/1u1mAZ7FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dropbox thinks outside the box on diversity
Dropbox says it's determined to increase the number of women and minorities in its work force and in the tech industry.
Post to Facebook
Dropbox thinks outside the box on diversity Dropbox says it's determined to increase the number of women and minorities in its work force and in the tech industry. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u1mAZ7
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dropbox thinks outside the box on diversity
Jessica Guynn , USATODAY 6:36 p.m. EST November 5, 2014
Drew Houston, founder and CEO of Dropbox at Dropbox headquarters in downtown San Francisco.
(Photo: Christopher Wiggins for USA TODAY)
521 CONNECT 201 TWEET 156 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — By last winter, Dropbox had scaled to the top of the tech world.
Hundreds of millions were using the fast-growing service to manage their digital lives, storing documents, photographs and videos on phones, tablets and personal computers.
Investors had pinned a $10 billion valuation on Dropbox, making it one of the world's most richly valued private companies.
And employees in the company's San Francisco headquarters enjoyed the perks of that success: A Michelin-rated chef, a music lounge for late-night jam sessions, and major-league views of the San Francisco Giants' ballpark and the San Francisco Bay.
Yet beneath the gleaming surface, the promising young start-up was wrestling with a serious problem.
Like other major technology companies, Dropbox employed mostly white and Asian men.
It was working to attract more women and minorities, but the departure of key women had exposed the company to sharp criticism. Job interview questions about a zombie apocalypse, and conference rooms named the "Bromance Chamber" and "The Breakup Room" didn't help the company's reputation for being a boy's club.
"Press on the issue wasn't good, which further impacted morale on the topic internally," said Blaire Mattson, head of engagement and monetization at Dropbox. "There were a lot of people working on increasing diversity within Dropbox and the efforts were showing results. So, for all the people who had worked really hard, the press was distressing."
Apple's workforce is mostly white, Asian and male
Which is why Dropbox's 31-year-old CEO, Drew Houston, resolved to hack the culture of his own company much the way, seven years ago, he hacked a better way to transport files.
He says he and co-founder Arash Ferdowsi had always envisioned Dropbox as a place where everyone would feel welcome. And, with more than two-thirds of Dropbox users hailing from outside of the United States, they knew they had to build a diverse work force to design products and services that appeal to a global marketplace.
Even with 1,000 employees, Dropbox is still young and agile enough to make profound changes to how it recruits and treats employees, Houston said.
Blaire Mattson is heading up Dropbox's diversity effort.
(Photo: Stephanie Taylor/USA TODAY)
"You can't make it 10 times better in 10 minutes," Houston said in an interview with USA TODAY. "But we are determined to build a community and a culture that is inclusive."
Dropbox is equally determined to increase the number of women and underrepresented minorities going into technology, Houston said.
"There is a lot as an industry that we can do," he said. "It's an important challenge: How do we systemically make the situation better?"
For years, Silicon Valley companies downplayed the racial and gender imbalance in the industry here. But now they say they are serious about making their work forces more diverse.
Silicon Valley has good reason to care about bringing more women and minorities into the fold: Studies show that companies with gender and ethnic diversity are more creative and more profitable.
Yet, reports from major technology companies from Apple to Facebook to Google paint a sobering portrait of an industry with too few women, and even fewer blacks and Hispanics in all roles and at all levels.
Dropbox releases diversity numbers
On Wednesday, Dropbox became the latest high-tech company to release its diversity numbers. The report shows Dropbox looks much like other tech companies.
More than half — nearly 56% — of the Dropbox work force is white and nearly a third — 30.8% — is Asian.
Women account for about a third — 33.9% — of the Dropbox work force and nearly 50% of non-technical positions.
But in technical positions, they account for 12.8% and in management about a third — 32.7%.
The percentage of blacks is even lower than at other tech companies. Blacks account for 1% of the Dropbox work force, Hispanics for 3.7%. In technical positions, less than 1% — .30% — of the work force is black and 2% is Hispanic.
Of the company's leadership, 60% is white and 28.6% is Asian, while less than 1% — .80% — is black and 2.3% is Hispanic.
Dropbox General Counsel Ramsey Homsany
(Photo: Photo: Stephanie Taylor / USA TODAY)
But Dropbox says it's making progress.
Company executives consulted leading experts in diversity including Joan Williams from the Clayman Institute.
They also spoke with prominent women in tech who are passionate about the issue, notably Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg and Megan Smith, the former Google executive who is now the chief technology officer of the United States.
In less than 10 months, Dropbox doubled the percentage of women working in engineering, product and design and tripled the percentage of women in design, said Dropbox general counsel Ramsey Homsany, who also oversees public policy and people operations.
Today diversity is part of everyday business at Dropbox, from all-hands meetings to hackathons, executives say.
"We are not letting the numbers discourage us. We are a data-driven company. Numbers are our friend," Homsany said. "Some things we cannot control such as the overall talent pool. But we can use the data we have to make sure that women and minorities are getting the right opportunities within the company."
Taking steps toward diversity
Stanford University fellow Vivek Wadhwa, a sharp critic of Dropbox's track record on diversity, says he applauds the company for taking concrete steps to close the gender and race gaps.
"To Silicon Valley's credit, it readily accepts failure — including its own," said Wadhwa, author of Innovating Women. "They listened very carefully and pledged to systematically fix the problem. I believe they are sincere and will make a great leap forward."
Dropbox has overhauled recruiting, promotions,  compensation, engagement and retention, said Mattson, who is heading up diversity efforts.
From changing the questions it asks job applicants to training moderators to detect bias in the recruiting process, Dropbox is going for "an objective lens" when making hiring decisions, she said.
High-tech pay gap: Minorities earn less in skilled jobs
Dropbox has also identified areas where bias may creep into performance evaluations and stymie career advancement.
A program called Matchbox pairs employees with mentors. Droptalks feature women and people of color, including TaskRabbit Chief Operating Officer Stacy Brown-Philpot and Hewlett-Packard CEO Meg Whitman.
Justin Bethune
(Photo: Stephanie Taylor)
Justin Bethune came up with the idea for a Dropbox Dreamcode Tour during hack week this summer.
Bethune, an account manager who is African American, is visiting high-school kids in the Bay Area to share with them what it's like to work inside a tech company and to encourage them to explore tech as a career.
He also led Dropbox's first tour of historically black colleges and universities.
"Interest levels were off the charts from both students and administrators," Bethune said. "We had students lining up to ask us what it was like to work at Dropbox and tell us about how Dropbox is a part of their daily lives, and administrators kept wanting to make sure we'd come back. It drove home the point that we need to continue fostering an environment at Dropbox that provides community and support for these types of recruits."
521 CONNECT 201 TWEET 156 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u1mAZ7

Bharti calls off Rs 700-cr deal to buy Loop MobileBharti calls off Rs 700-cr deal to buy Loop Mobile
Ask Israel to stop incitements against Muslim sites  Palestine tellsUNPalestinians are urging UNSC to demand that Israel stop incitement against Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem.
By: Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: November 6, 2014 4:07 am
The Palestinians are urging the UN Security Council to demand that Israel immediately stop provocations and incitement against Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem and withdraw extremists whose actions have sparked confrontations.
Palestinian UN Ambassador Riyad Mansour told reporters that Israeli extremists stormed the Al-Aqsa Mosque on Wednesday and desecrated holy sites, including entering one mosque in the compound and climbing on the altar wearing shoes, in disrespect of Muslims who always leave their shoes outside.
Mansour said the extremists’ actions led to a confrontation with Palestinian worshippers and then with Israeli security forces, “and my understanding is a large number of worshippers were injured.”
He said the Security Council must act immediately to defuse a “very explosive situation” and prevent the situation from degenerating into a religious confrontation.

Why a Civil War soldier will get the Medal of Honor -- 151 years after his deathBy Dan Lamothe November 5 Follow @danlamothe
President Obama awarded the Medal of Honor in a White House ceremony Thursday to descendants of Civil War soldier First Lt. Alonzo H. Cushing, more than 151 years after the Battle of Gettysburg. (AP)
First Lt. Alonzo H. Cushing was bleeding profusely from wounds to his abdomen and shoulder as thousands of Confederate infantrymen advanced on his artillery battery in the Battle of Gettysburg. At least one of his soldiers begged him to seek medical treatment, but he refused. He stayed on the battlefield another 90 minutes while under attack, ordering his men to keep firing their three-inch cannons right up until the moment that he was killed with a gunshot to the head.
First Lt. Alonzo H. Cushing, 22, was killed in the Battle of Gettysburg in the face of a fierce assault by Confederate forces. He will receive the Medal of Honor on Thursday for standing his ground, even though he already had been wounded in the shoulder and abdomen. (U.S. Army photo)
The Union Army’s ability to stop that assault by at least 13,000 soldiers — known as Pickett’s Charge, after a Confederate general who led rebel troops taking part in it — is a key part of the Civil War’s most iconic battle. But the heroism of Cushing, 22, on July 3, 1863, was not honored with the nation’s highest award for combat valor, even though 63 other Union soldiers received the prestigious decoration.
U.S. officials will rectify that Thursday.
President Obama is scheduled to award the Medal of Honor in a White House ceremony to descendants of the Cushing family, more than 151 years after the battle. They’ve passed his story down for generations with pride, but had not considered it possible that Cushing would receive the award, they said.
“His whole family was a very brave family,” said Jessica Loring, who is Cushing’s first cousin, three generations removed. “His mother would say, ‘Death before dishonor’ when she sent her sons off to war, and three of them died very young.”
It’s a highly rare, if not unprecedented, occurrence for battlefield bravery to be recognized with the Medal of Honor so many years later. Cushing initially was recognized posthumously with an honorary “brevet” promotion to lieutenant colonel, something that was common for officers at the time, said Mark Bradley, a historian with the U.S. Army Center of Military History. But officers rarely received the Medal of Honor at the time. Some other Union soldiers who were awarded the medal for actions at Gettysburg received it posthumously; for decades, no one nominated Cushing.
About 40 years ago, a woman who lived on a farm in Delafield, Wis., once owned by the Cushing family began asking why not. Margaret Zerwekh, now 94, learned about the soldier’s heroism while researching his family, and began compiling an application to nominate him for the Medal of Honor. She enlisted the help of then-Sen. William Proxmire (D.-Wis.), and later received backing from other members of her state’s congressional delegation. Then-Sen. Russ Feingold (D.-Wis.) nominated Cushing for the Medal of Honor in 2002, Army officials said.
Even then, the process took years.  The Army approved the nomination in 2010 , but the amount of time that had passed since Cushing’s act of heroism required Congress to suspend the statute of limitations on the honor. Legislation to do so  passed in 2013 , paving the way for Obama’s approval of the award.
Zerwekh and many members of the Cushing family had not met until this week, turning the event into something of an extended family reunion. Helen Loring Ensign, 85, of Palm Desert, Calif., will receive the medal from the president at the White House. It will be displayed in numerous locations afterward, including Gettysburg and the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, N.Y., which Cushing attended and where he later was buried.
“The idea is that it shouldn’t just sit on someone’s mantlepiece and just stay there,” said Jessica Loring. “It needs to be shown so people today can understand the price of making our country free and the sacrifice it takes. We want to bring Alonzo to life in what he did for this nation.”
The Gettysburg Cyclorama, painted by French artist Paul Dominique Philippoteaux, in 1883, depicts Lt. Gen. James Longstreet’s assault on July 3, 1863. In this segment of the cyclorama, 1st Lt. Alonzo H. Cushing is pictured in the center, leaning against the left side of the cannon. (Photo courtesy of Gettysburg National Military Park Public Affairs and released by the U.S. Army)
Although Medals of Honor awarded today require proof beyond a reasonable doubt of acts of valor, Bradley said it is difficult to determine the exact details of Cushing’s actions 151 years later. The standard at the time was not as stringent, however, and there is no doubt that Cushing faced a fearsome barrage and refused to give up his command.
“That area looked like a slaughterhouse,” Bradley said of the battlefield around Cushing, known as Cemetery Ridge. “There were dismembered horses… literally hundreds of Confederate dead and dying lying in front of the guns. This was not a sight for the faint-hearted, and that is where Alonzo Cushing spent his last hours on this hour.”
Two of Cushing’s brothers also are considered war heroes. William B. Cushing was a commander in the Union navy, and best known for playing a key role in the sinking of the CSS Albemarle, an ironclad Confederate ship. An older brother, Howard B. Cushing, was a soldier during the Civil War and later killed in a fight with Native Americans in the Apache tribe.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Virgin Galactic Looks to Resume Tests in 2015The 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

India a big market for lottery  but not hotel roomsIndia a big market for lottery  but not hotel rooms
Congress cannot be written off: Delhi BJP ChiefCongress cannot be written off: Delhi BJP Chief
AML Announces the Introduction of the Monarch Interactive KioskAML Announces the Introduction of the Monarch Interactive Kiosk
UPDATE 8-Obama  Republicans sound conciliatory note but battles loomUPDATE 8-Obama  Republicans sound conciliatory note but battles loom
Rate cut needed. Is Rajan listening | Reforms music for India IncRate cut needed. Is Rajan listening | Reforms music for India Inc
Reliance Industries to sell 49.9% in US joint ventureReliance Industries to sell 49.9% in US joint venture
Jammu facing huge gap in urban-rural voter turnoutBy: Press Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: November 5, 2014 3:43 pm
Faced with a huge gap in urban-rural voter turnout, Jammu and Kashmir government is all set to launch a massive multi-front campaign by setting up camps in malls, cinema halls and appointing ambassadors in education institutions to convince the voters to poll.
As many as 10,37,191 eligible voters are registered for exercising their right of franchise in 11 Assembly Constituencies in Jammu district at 1,225 polling station in Jammu district on December 20.
“There is a huge gap in urban-rural voter turnout in previous elections, particularity during recently held Parliamentary elections,” District Electoral Officer (DEO) Ajeet Kumar Sahu said.
The state authorities is keen to bridge the gap this time by launching a massive multi-front campaign to reach out to the urban and rural voters, particularly women in Jammu.
In this regard we are setting up facilitation centers in malls, video clips will be shown in cinema halls, signature campaigns will be done in most of the public places, DEO said.
The process of appointing poll ambassadors for campaigns in educational institutions, particularly colleges, have been started, he said.
The Basic facilitation Centers, model polling stations are also being set up, toilets are being made, he said.
As per statistics, total turnout during the polls in Jammu district was 72.78 per cent in 2008 Assembly elections, followed by 50.05 in 2009 Parliamentary elections and 71.45 per cent in 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
Out of this, there was 62.29 per cent as least urban turnout and 74.92 per cent least rural turnout in 2014 LS polls followed by 63.76 per cent as highest urban turnout and 79.62 percent as highest rural turnout.
Out of this, 62.29 per cent was the least urban turnout and 74.92 per cent was the least rural turnout in 2014 LS polls. The highest urban turnout recorded was 63.76 while highest rural turnout was 79.62 per cent.
Similar situation was seen in 2009 LS polls and 2008 Assembly polls.
Not only this, there is also a gap between rural-urban voters in male and female categories.
In urban Jammu, 64.10 per cent men and 61.09 per cent female turnout was reported followed by 76.41 and 77.03 per cent in rural Jammu in 2014 Lok sabha elections.
There has been no difference to this state in rural and urban voter turnout in 2008 Assembly elections and 2009 Lok sabha polls.

Mayawati says she refused Rs 100 crore bribe for nominating Akhilesh Das to RSPrint
Mayawati said that Das offered to give Rs 50 crores to Rs 100 crores for getting Rajya Sabha ticket. (Source: PTI/file)
By: Press Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: November 5, 2014 4:51 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:25 pm
BSP supremo Mayawati on Wednesday alleged that Rajya Sabha member Akhilesh Das, who had quit the party two days ago, offered her Rs 100 crores for renominating him to the Upper House.
“Akhilesh Das had talked to me in Delhi and had offered money for repeating him as BSP candidate to the Rajya Sabha,” she told reporters here.
“Das had said that he was ready to give Rs 50 crores to Rs 100 crores for getting Rajya Sabha ticket saying that as the BSP is out of power now, I would need funds to run the party,” Mayawati alleged.
The BSP supremo said she told Das that she would not make him RS candidate even if he offered Rs 200 crores and instead of taking help from an individual, her party gets funds through donations made by poor and the downtrodden.
“For the recent Assembly elections and the coming ones in two other states, funds were collected from the people in Uttar Pradesh and other states on one appeal,” she said, adding that BSP would give its ticket to those who work dedicatedly for the party’s movement at the ground level.
On the allegations levelled by Das, Mayawati said “he was earlier in the Congress and at the time of joining BSP he had levelled serious charges against the Congress, specially Rahul Gandhi.”
The former UP chief minister said that at the time of joining BSP, Das had promised to strengthen the party by garnering support of Vaishya community in the state but he did not do so and concentrated more on his business work.
“We believed in him and sent him to the Rajya Sabha but he did not live up to his promises…rather that joining Vaishyas with the party he used to stay away from the House during the Parliament sessions,” she alleged.
Mayawati said that Das’s allegations have been proved wrong with the party nominating Raja Ram and Veer Singh for Rajya Sabha seat as they have been associated with the party at the ground level.
“Ram is incharge of the party in four states and Veer Pal is incharge in three states…they have been associated with the movement for a long time and have been using their salaries for the welfare of people,” she said, adding the central office of the party will assist them in filing their nominations.
The Rajya Sabha term of Das, who resigned from the BSP on November 3, is coming to an end this month.

Home Ministry seeks report on killing of two youth in KashmirPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 6:40 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 6:43 pm
The Home Ministry on Wednesday sought a report from Jammu and Kashmir government on the killing of two youth allegedly by Army personnel in Budgam district.
In a communication, the Home Ministry asked the state government to give details about the incident, how did it happen and what action has been taken in the aftermath of the killing of the two youth.
They were killed following alleged firing by Army men at Chattergam in Budgam district of Kashmir valley on Monday.
Two youth were also injured in the incident that led to widespread condemnation from various quarters, including the mainstream political parties.
Curfew-like restrictions continued in five police station areas in Srinagar as a precautionary measure even as normal life across Kashmir was affected today following a call for general strike by separatist groups to protest the killing of the two youth.

Four NSCN(IM) cadres killed in encounter with security forcesPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 5, 2014 7:22 pm | Updated: November 5, 2014 7:27 pm
Four NSCN(IM) cadres were killed in two separate operations carried out by the Assam Rifles and Assam Police in Dima Hasao district in Assam in the past two days, leading to recovery of three AK-47 rifles and a cache of ammunition. In yet another operation, one senior cadre of the NDFB(S) was killed in Kokrajhar district today.
Giving details, Defence PRO Lt Col Suneet Newton said while one NSCN(IM) cadre was killed near village Kopili in Dima Hasao district on the tri-junction of Assam, Nagaland and Manipur on Monday night, two others were killed near village Robi Basti on the outskirts of Haflong on Tuesday night. These cadres were mostly involved in extortion from local villagers as well as businessmen in the district, he added.
In Kokrajhar in western Assam on the other hand army troops of the Kokrajhar-based Red Horns Division in a joint operation with the Assam Police killed Philip Wary, self-styled second-in-command of the NDFB(S)’s Gossaigaon area inside the Ripu reserved forest on Wednesday.
The Songbijit faction of NDFB had of late stepped up extortion and abductions in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts, particularly along the Bhutan border.

Wall Street up after midterm vote  ADP data; Dow hits recordWall Street up after midterm vote, ADP data; Dow hits record
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 09.13PM IST
US stocks rose, with the Dow advancing to a record high after the Republican Party took control of the Senate in the midterm elections.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks rose on Wednesday, with the Dow advancing to a record high after the Republican Party took control of the Senate in the midterm elections, as expected, and following a stronger-than-anticipated report on the labor market.
The beaten-down energy sector was among the strongest of the day as a Republican majority could lead to new legislative measures that impact the group. These include approval of oil and gas pipelines and reforms for crude and natural gas export laws.
Energy shares had lagged the broader market recently, suffering massive losses as crude oil prices plunged to a three-year low. The S&P energy index was the only one of ten primary S&P 500 sectors to be negative for the year, though it rose 0.7 percent Wednesday as one of the strongest groups of the day.
Equities rose on relief that the election results were clear, with the upcoming Senate majority party not in doubt.
Investors had been concerned that some close races would be forced into run-offs, an outcome that could have led to weeks of delay in knowing who would control Congress's upper chamber.
"It had looked like some of the races would be very close and that we might not know who controlled the Senate, but in the end the results were pretty decisive," said John Carey, portfolio manager at Pioneer Investment Management in Boston. "That's good news for the industries that had been subject to regulatory issues."
Midterm elections historically correspond with strong equity returns. According to the Stock Trader's Almanac, the average gain for the S&P 500 since 1949 during the fourth quarter of a midterm election is 8 percent. The following first-quarter during the midterm portion of the election cycle is also strong, resulting in a two-quarter average gain of 16 percent, the best of the election cycle.
U.S. private employers added 230,000 jobs in October, more than expected and the most since June, according to the ADP National Employment report. The data could raise hopes for Friday's closely watched payroll report.
Separately, the pace of growth in the U.S. services sector slowed more than expected in October, sliding for a second month to its lowest level since June, according to the Institute for Supply Management's services index.
Time Warner Inc rose 3 percent to $77.20 after it reported revenue growth of 3 percent. Activision Blizzard Inc late Tuesday raised its full-year forecast, sending shares up 3.7 percent to $20.69.
FireEye Inc fell 16 percent to $28.93 a day after the cybersecurity company gave a revenue outlook that was largely below expectations. TripAdvisor Inc dropped 13 percent to $72.56 and was the S&P's biggest decliner a day after posting weaker-than-expected earnings.
At 9:49 a.m. (1449 GMT), the Dow Jones industrial average
rose 52.91 points, or 0.3 percent, to 17,436.75. The blue-chip index hit an all-time record at its session high. The S&P 500 gained 7.09 points, or 0.35 percent, to 2,019.19 and the Nasdaq Composite added 2.90 points, or 0.06 percent, to 4,626.53.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 1,644 to 1,083, for a 1.52-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,317 issues rose and 980 fell for a 1.34-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 73 new 52-week highs and 5 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 69 new highs and 23 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

FII limit in Edelweiss Financial raised to 40 per cent: RBIBSE
(Foreign investors can now…)
MUMBAI: Foreign investors can now invest up to 40 per cent of the paid-up capital in Edelweiss Financial Services, up from earlier limit of 28 per cent.
"The foreign institutional investors (FIIs)/Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs) can now invest up to 40 per cent of the paid-up capital of Edelweiss Financial Services Limited under the Portfolio Investment Scheme," RBI said in a notification.
The enhanced limit for such investment follows passage of resolutions at board of directors' level and a special resolution by shareholders agreeing to up the limit from 28 per cent to 40 per cent for the purchase of company's equity shares and convertible debentures by FIIs.
FIIs, RFPIs, NRIs and PIOs (Persons of Indian Origins) can invest in primary and secondary capital markets in India through Portfolio Investment Scheme.
As of quarter ended September 30, 2014, FIIs held 22.61 per cent share in Edelweiss Financial Services, as per data on BSE.
Shares of the company today closed at Rs 53.45 apiece on the BSE , down 0.09 per cent from the previous close.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fear and Worry in America Identity Theft and Cybercrimereddit
By Neal O'Farrell, security and identity theft expert for CreditSesame.com
What's the biggest worry for Americans? Here's a clue. It's not Ebola, terrorism or spiders. According to two separate studies and polls in just the last two weeks, the two things that most Americans worry about, even fear, are identity theft and hacking.
A Gallup poll released last week found that the biggest worry for consumers was identity theft, causing concern for nearly 70 percent of respondents. That was followed by the fear of having a computer or smartphone hacked (62 percent). And those were the only two crimes in the poll that worried the majority of Americans.
According to Gallup, a quarter of Americans, 27 percent, say they or another household member had a credit card stolen by hackers in the last year, which made it the most frequently experienced crime on a list of nine crimes. Eleven percent say they or a household member have had their computer or smartphone hacked in the last year.
While the majority of victims of other crimes like burglary and muggings say they reported the crime to the police, less than half of identity theft victims and a quarter of hacking victims say they went to the police. If you've ever been a victim of identity theft and tried to report it to the police, you'll understand why many never bother.
In a completely separate study, the Chapman University Survey on American Fears interviewed 1,500 participants from across the nation and from all walks of life. According to their study, the number one fear in America today is walking alone at night. Which is understandable, and probably a fear that has been with most humans since sabre tooth tigers roamed the neighborhood.
But the survey also found that hot on the heels of night-walking fears, identity theft and internet safety were ranked two and three. Pretty scary stuff when you consider all the possible risks, threats and fears most of us face every single day.
When the Chapman study moved away from fears and on to concerns, worries over what lurked in the darkness were banished from the throne. When asked about their top concerns, as opposed to fears, identity theft came in at number one while internet surveillance by businesses was number two.
Both follow on the heels of a report just released by California Attorney General Kamala Harris that one out of every two California residents had their personal information exposed in a data breach last year.
I've spoken before about creeping normality, about how every unanswered data or security breach forces consumers to accept them a little more. What's really creepy is that businesses seem to be embracing that notion as a business strategy, and realize that at some point consumers will stop caring and businesses can go back to business as usual. But it will be a new usual, and I'm not sure it's going to be a good one.
And chew on this. In America we're becoming immune to many types of fraud because we don't really feel the direct pain. Zero liability zeros out the losses. In most other countries there's no such thing as zero liability. Consumers are on the hook for all the losses they incur. What if things were to change and that became our new normal?
--
Neal O'Farrell is one of the most experienced consumer-security experts on the planet. Over the last 30 years he has advised governments, intelligence agencies, Fortune 500 companies and millions of consumers on identity protection, cybersecurity and privacy. As Executive Director of the Identity Theft Council, Neal has personally counseled thousands of identity-theft victims, taken on cases referred to him by the FBI and Secret Service, and interviewed some of the nation's most notorious identity thieves.
Follow CreditSesame.com on Twitter: www.twitter.com/creditsesame
More:

Custodial torture  death; SC to consider suggestions of amicusSC to consider suggestions like installation of CCTV cameras in police stations and prisons.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 5, 2014 9:58 pm
The Supreme Court on Wednesday said it will consider recommendations, like installation of CCTV cameras in police stations and prisons, to prevent custodial torture and death across the country.
“We will look into the recommendations,” a bench headed by Justice T S Thakur said when senior advocate A M Singhvi, who is the amicus curiae in a 1986 PIL, gave a slew of suggestions for preventing custodial torture and death of accused.
During the hearing, Singhvi said measures like installation of CCTV cameras in police stations and jails across the country, constitution of human rights commissions and surprise visits of jails and lock-ups by the non-official people would considerably reduce the cases of custodial torture and death.
“Every state should set up State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) in terms of Section 21 of the Protection of Human Rights Act within a period of six months,” he said, adding that states like Delhi, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Tripura and Nagaland do not have SHRC.
He also said that an order can be passed to ensure that the posts of chairperson and members of SHRCs do not remain vacant beyond three months.
Singhvi suggested that states with the concurrence of the Chief Justices of High Courts should constitute human rights courts in districts.
“Installation of CCTV cameras in all police stations and prisons throughout the country in a phased-manner will significantly check human rights abuse therein,” he said, adding Bihar has agreed and has already installed CCTV cameras in all prisons and in 44 police stations in the state. Tamil and Haryana have also agreed to this proposal.
To ensure that no atrocities are meted out to the arrested accused, it is necessary that “independent and non-official persons be appointed to conduct regular and random inspection of police stations and prisons,” he said.
Singhvi submitted that “mandatory” criminal proceedings for the offence of murder be initiated against erring cops if initial inquiry establishes the culpability in the case of custodial death.

The Republicans Won -- But Have Travelers Lostreddit
Have the bad guys won? It sure looks that way.
The Republicans took over control of the US Senate in yesterday's midterm elections. Now I'm not saying Republicans are the bad guys, but observers believe their victory practically guarantees the passage of a controversial airline industry bill that ensures it can deceive its customers about airfares .
Indeed, every major industry -- from cruise lines to wireless companies -- could now have its way with us, unfettered by "burdensome" state and federal regulation, if the experts are to be believed. Consumers are powerless to stop it.
I hope the talking heads on TV are wrong. I hope our elected officials remember who they're representing.
But who am I kidding? We know who paid the bill for this election and it wasn't us. So, like you, I'm hoping for the best but preparing for the worst: two or more years of Washington's indifference, if not hostility, to consumer interests.
How will we know if our worst fears will be realized? Simple. Look for laissez-faire regulation coming from Washington after January. But in the near term, you can see the signs in a more emboldened rhetoric coming from the industry.
For example:
"Why don't you start your own airline?"
Airline industry sympathizers are depositing this "suggestion" in blog comments and emails with greater frequency. The intended message: Don't criticize us until you walk in our shoes and experience our paper-thin margins and high operating costs. I get that. I'm not a former airline employee who runs an industry fan site, nor will I ever be.
But the recommendation is patently absurd on several levels. First, unless Richard Branson is saying it, the person making it has never started his or her airline. So I could also as easily say: "Why don't you start your own airline?" But, above all, it suggests the only people who can even talk about an industry are the insiders who understand it. Customers should just shut up, pay for their tickets, and be grateful for a safe arrival.
That's ridiculous. We have every right to talk about our airline experiences, and the insiders who complain have an obligation to shut up and listen. As a matter of fact, why don't they sit in one of those tiny economy class seats, pay those ridiculous "ancillary" fees and deal with a hateful ticket agent?
"Why aren't you on our side?"
This seemingly reasonable suggestion comes from folks in almost every industry, not just travel. You should represent our views, they say. You have an obligation. Never mind that I'm a consumer advocate, so I obviously represent the other side.
An industry trade organization recently went through the trouble of paying an outside reputation management firm to make that case to my editors. They sent annotated copies of my columns, accusing me of an already well-disclosed bias. They demanded meetings to discuss this already well-disclosed bias. Perhaps not coincidentally, the campaign coincided with a series of anonymous online attacks.
And they failed. Why? Because these operatives were accusing me of doing my job -- high praise, no matter who it comes from. And the anonymous jabs? Those proved to be self-defeating because they were obviously untrue and made the mistake of targeting my family. Ouch. That's hitting below the belt and won't even be read.
Still, like the "start your own airline" comment, it's a sign that the industry is feeling more confident.
"If you don't like the way we treat you, why don't you try the competition?"
Ah, the myth of choice! When the industry is emboldened, they like to defiantly say "take it or leave it." And believe me, we would leave it -- if we felt as if we had a real choice. Industry consolidation has squeezed much of the competition out of the system. With the possible exception of the hotel industry, we don't have any meaningful options. They know that, and if they don't, they're as intellectually challenged as their suggestions sound. How quickly they forget the full-court press to push government regulators to approve their little mergers. You know, the ones that left us with only a few big companies controlling everything.
The unfortunate truth is, many of us don't have a practical choice. We're in a market served by one or two airlines, so we pay the fares they demand or we drive. And don't look now, but the cruise industry is becoming even more consolidated. Rental cars are pretty uncompetitive, too, in certain markets. Choice is all but nonexistent. Try renting a car if you don't believe me.
When I hear all of these insincere, provocative questions, it becomes clear that we're at a turning point. The bad guys feel they can win rhetorical war, stamp out criticism and see a clear path to unlimited profits. Mission accomplished!
I can only hope that the new Senate majority will take its mandate in a more senatorial way than the House of Representatives, and look after the interests of their constituents. Many of the ideas that put the new Republican majority in office have merit: smaller government, lower taxes, less government interference in a free market.
But people still need protection from the avarice and recklessness that often infects corporate America. Maybe there are a few "compassionate" conservatives left.
I guess we're about to find out.
After you've left a comment here, let's continue the discussion on my consumer advocacy site or on Twitter , Facebook and Google . I also have a newsletter and you'll definitely want to order my new, amazingly helpful and subversive book called How to Be the World's Smartest Traveler (and Save Time, Money, and Hassle) . Photo: Shutterstock.
Follow Christopher Elliott on Twitter: www.twitter.com/elliottdotorg
More:
Airline Hotel Car Rental Government Regulation
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Boeing plans new airplaneBoeing plans to develop new airplane to replace 737 Max by 2030
Boeing plans to develop new airplane to replace 737 MAX by 2030
Boeing Co has sketched out plans to develop an all-new aircraft, with new engines and likely a composite structure, to replace its 737 MAX jetliner by 2030.
Boeing Co has sketched out plans to develop an all-new aircraft, with new engines and likely a composite structure, to replace its 737 MAX jetliner by 2030.
Reuters
New Boeing aircraft planned by 2030
Bigger, composite airliner planned by Boeing to replace 737 Max by 2030
Boeing has sketched out plans to develop an all-new aircraft, with new engines and likely a composite structure, to replace its 737 Max jetliner by 2030, CEO Jim McNerney said Wednesday.
The airplane will be slightly larger than the 737 but its shape won't change dramatically from the current fuselage. The push for the new aircraft was being driven by competition from China and elsewhere, McNerney said at an innovation summit.
Caption Boeing jets they don't make anymore
Tribune archive photo
BOEING 707: The 707 pushed the U.S. into the jet age on July 15, 1954, when a prototype took off from Renton Field outside Seattle for its maiden flight. A 707 made the first trans-Atlantic commercial flight on Oct. 26, 1958, a 13-hour PanAm flight between New York and Paris. The 707 was also...
BOEING 707: The 707 pushed the U.S. into the jet age on July 15, 1954, when a prototype took off from Renton Field outside Seattle for its maiden flight. A 707 made the first trans-Atlantic commercial flight on Oct. 26, 1958, a 13-hour PanAm flight between New York and Paris. The 707 was also... (Tribune archive photo)
Caption Boeing jets they don't make anymore
Chuck Berman
BOEING 757: The twin-engine 757 was first rolled out in 1982. Aimed at increasing fuel efficiency and passenger comfort while lowering noise, Boeing produced the plane for 23 years before delivering the last one to Shanghai Airlines in 2005. The airplane is far from gone, though. There are...
BOEING 757: The twin-engine 757 was first rolled out in 1982. Aimed at increasing fuel efficiency and passenger comfort while lowering noise, Boeing produced the plane for 23 years before delivering the last one to Shanghai Airlines in 2005. The airplane is far from gone, though. There are... (Chuck Berman)
Caption Boeing jets they don't make anymore
FedEx
MD-11: A FedEx MD-11 arrives at Guam International Airport in 2011. The MD-11 was launched in 1986 and assembly began in 1988. A wide-body plane that came in four different versions for carrying passengers and cargo, it was heralded in its time for its advanced flight operations systems and...
MD-11: A FedEx MD-11 arrives at Guam International Airport in 2011. The MD-11 was launched in 1986 and assembly began in 1988. A wide-body plane that came in four different versions for carrying passengers and cargo, it was heralded in its time for its advanced flight operations systems and... (FedEx)
Caption Boeing jets they don't make anymore
American Airlines
MD-80: The MD-80 was certified for flight by the the Federal Aviation Administration in August 1980 and entered airline service in October of that year. It was in production for a little over nine years. American Airlines once held the largest fleet of MD-80s at 275. It now has 190 of the...
MD-80: The MD-80 was certified for flight by the the Federal Aviation Administration in August 1980 and entered airline service in October of that year. It was in production for a little over nine years. American Airlines once held the largest fleet of MD-80s at 275. It now has 190 of the... (American Airlines)
Caption Boeing jets they don't make anymore
BritishJET
MD-90: Following its launch in November 1989, the MD-90 first flew on Feb. 22, 1993. The first delivery was made to Delta Air Lines in February 1995. It belongs to the twinjet family of aircraft that started with the DC-9 and includes the Boeing 717 and MD-80. Production ended in 2000. Above, a...
MD-90: Following its launch in November 1989, the MD-90 first flew on Feb. 22, 1993. The first delivery was made to Delta Air Lines in February 1995. It belongs to the twinjet family of aircraft that started with the DC-9 and includes the Boeing 717 and MD-80. Production ended in 2000. Above, a... (BritishJET)
Boeing jets they don't make anymore
Boeing Company
Boeing, the world's largest plane maker, started work on its first commercial jet prototype in 1952 with a $16 million investment. It brought America into the jet age two years later. Today, Boeing says its planes account for nearly three-fourths of the world's commercial jet fleet.
Boeing jets they don't make anymore (Boeing Company)
Boeing, the world's largest plane maker, started work on its first commercial jet prototype in 1952 with a $16 million investment. It brought America into the jet age two years later. Today, Boeing says its planes account for nearly three-fourths of the world's commercial jet fleet. (Boeing Company)
“By 2030 we will have a new airplane,” he said, adding there's “a good chance it will be a composite airplane.”
“It will be slightly bigger. There will be new engines. The current look of the planes (shape) won't change dramatically,” McNerney said.
Chinese planemaker COMAC is developing the C919 jet to compete with the 737 and the Airbus A320. The jet has been delayed until the end of 2015.
Other competitors include Russia's MS-21 and the slightly smaller Bombardier CSeries from Canada.
McNerney said an all-new 737 Max replacement was needed “because the new entrants would do something like Max.”

Polygamous foreign marriages under U.S. lawBy Eugene Volokh November 5 Follow @volokhc
Commenters on a recent thread raised some excellent questions:
[LawyerHouston:] If a man from a country which allows him multiple wives moves with his wives to the United States, what is his status vis-a-vis his wives in the United States? Will the first of his wives be considered his wife? Are the other wives SOL with respect to any claims that they may have on his assets arising from their fully legal and recognized marriages?
[santamonica812:] Or, to add another wrinkle, let’s say that Wife One is 12 years old. Now that the entire family is in the US. Will Wife One’s marriage be legally nullified? If so, will Wife Two now be considered to be the spouse? Or, have wives Two through Five already been excluded under the ‘guy was already married when he married you, so your marriage is null and void’ theory?
[billposer:] The questions raised are not merely civil. There is also the question of whether the foreign marriage provides a defense against a charge of statutory (or possibly forcible) rape.
I have answers! Or at least I have precedents, which may or may not be followed in other jurisdictions. Here is a general summary, which suggest that the law may recognize foreign polygamous marriages for certain purposes but not for other purposes.
1. Inheritance: In In re Bir’s Estate, 83 Cal. App. 2d 256 (1948) , the California Court of Appeal held that California would recognize a foreign polygamous marriage for the purposes of intestate succession. Though California public policy might lead to a different result “if decedent had attempted to cohabit with his two wives in California,” “[w]here only the question of descent of property is involved, ‘public policy’ is not affected.”
Both wives were thus allowed to share equally in the decedent’s property. Earlier authorities took a similar view as to other aspects of financial settlement. Thus, the Restatement (First) of Conflict of Laws (1934), offered this illustration: “A, domiciled in state X, validly marries B and C in X. By the law of Y, a polygamous marriage is void. A brings B and C to state Y; Y may refuse to permit him to cohabit with them. A and B die; Y may grant a widow’s allowance to C.” The children of the second and later wives could also be treated as legitimate, back when more legal rules turned on legitimacy. Back to the Restatement:
A validly marries three wives, first B, then C, and D, in state X [here "state" would likely mean a foreign country -EV]. By the law of state Y, a polygamous marriage is invalid. A has an only son, M, by his wife C; M is legitimate by the law of their domicil. A dies, leaving land in Y. M may inherit the land unless the law of Y imposes some requirement in addition to legitimacy for inheritance.
There were similar decisions in the late 1800s and early 1900s in cases involving American Indians who had entered into polygamous marriages recognized under tribal law.
2. Statutory Rape: On the other hand, in People v. Ezeonu, 588 N.Y.S.2d 116 (1992) , the court refused to treat a second polygamous marriage as a marriage for purposes of statutory rape law. Defendant was prosecuted for having sex with a 13-year-old girl; his defense was that the girl was his second wife, and the parties stipulated that the polygamous marriage was lawful under Nigerian law, where the marriage took place. Under New York law (as under the law of many other states), statutory rape laws do not apply when the defendant is married to the girl; and though New York doesn’t let such young girls marry in New York, many states (presumably including New York) do recognize marriages that were lawfully entered into in jurisdictions where the age boundaries are lower. (Some states exclude marriages where the couple left the state precisely in order to take advantage of another state’s more liberal marriage laws, but that doesn’t apply here.)
But the defendant lost: Because “a polygamous marriage legally consummated in a foreign country will be held invalid in New York,” the girl was not treated as his wife, and thus he had no defense to the statutory rape charge.
3. Immigration: Fuad Farfan Ali Al Sharabi marries Badria Haza Ahmed Hassan in 1987 in Yemen, where they are both living. He marries a second wife, Fathiya Abdo Alhaj Maamoon in 2000 in Yemen, apparently consistently with Yemeni law. In 2005, Al Sharabi comes to the United States, and two months later legally divorces Hassan (wife one) in Yemen. In 2009, Al Sharabi gets political asylum, and then asks that Maamoon (wife two, but now the only wife) be granted similar status, “under 8 U.S.C. § 1158(b)(3), which provides that the spouse or child of an alien who is granted asylum may also be granted similar status.”
No dice, says the court in Al Sharabi v. Heinauer (N.D. Cal. Sept. 7, 2011), upholding the immigration authorities’ reliance on Matter of H, 9 I. & N. Dec. 640 (BIA 1962) , and Matter of Mujahid, 15 I. & N. Dec. 546 (BIA 1976) . Mujahid, for instance, held that “even if the marriage is valid where celebrated, it is void as against public policy in the United States because it is a polygamous marriage and, therefore, cannot be recognized as valid marriage for immigration purposes.” “USCIS’s denial” of Maamoon’s claim asylum claim, the court says, was thus “not arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, or in discord with the law. USCIS has an established practice of not recognizing polygamous marriages for the purpose of Form I–730 petitions.”
4. How this will all play out in other jurisdictions, and as to other matters, is hard to tell for certain. But I do think the precedents suggest that,
when it comes to what people may do in the U.S. (have sex, refuse to testify against each other, etc.) and to which people may stay in the U.S., U.S. jurisdictions are likely not to recognize marriages two and later in a polygamous union, but
when it comes to distribution of property in a context where the parties to a polygamous marriage likely expected to be treated as spouses, there is a stronger likelihood of treating marriages two and later as equivalent to marriage one.
Perhaps over time principle 2 will cut away at principle 1, or vice versa — but in any event, this is the way things seem to stand today.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

For Fadnavis  Modi model is template forMaharashtraFadnavis assured that his government would bear the Rs 10,000 crore bill from the waiver of electricity bills for agricultural pumps.
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 6, 2014 4:11 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 4:12 am
Replace personal staff of ministers from the previous government, cut the number of approvals needed to set up an industry, make cyberspace the new platform of governance with an “e-window system”, fast-track clearances for infrastructure projects.
As Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis mapped the road ahead for the new BJP government at an Idea Exchange organised jointly by The Indian Express and Loksatta in Mumbai Wednesday, his destination was clear — it’s the Narendra Modi model all over again, even down to the presentations that have been sought from each department.
The CM is confident that the bureaucracy would respond positively. “What we have understood, I and my colleagues in the Cabinet, is that we need to perform or we will perish,” Fadnavis said.
Also on his agenda: Cleaning up the state’s finances with a rollback of some announcements made by the previous government, focussing on institution-building, and enforcing zero political interference in the functioning of the police force, especially in recruitments and transfers.
The Maharashtra CM drew another parallel with the NDA government when asked about his top-heavy Cabinet. And sources later indicated that like Modi, Fadnavis was also unlikely to undertake a major reshuffle in the bureaucracy anytime soon, preferring instead to give officials time to adapt to the new work regime.
Speaking at length during the session, Fadnavis said there was an urgent need to improve the ease of doing business in Maharashtra. Anybody setting up a new industry in the state currently requires anywhere between 76 and 91 separate approvals, a process that Fadnavis admitted takes up to two years.
In the interaction held just hours after his first Cabinet meeting, the newly inducted Chief Minister said the “e-window system” would be launched soon to ensure speedy approvals to set up industry. “I want to reduce this (the number of approvals) drastically — not from just 76 to 61 or so,” he said. The e-window system will also ensure accountability from various departments, he said, adding that he had instructed the Industries Department to work on this earlier in the day.
Fadnavis said that his governance model would be policy-driven, not personality-centric. And when asked about his RSS background, he was emphatic in saying that the sangh would not influence any of his decisions. “The RSS is independent of politics. The RSS will neither advise me nor seek to influence government,” he said.
Replying to another question about a group of RSS-linked historians seeking a more elaborate mention of Shivaji in NCERT textbooks, Fadnavis said there was only one paragraph on the Maratha warrior king in these books. “I don’t see such a dialogue with the government as wrong,” he said.
Seeking to dispel any notion that his government would not continued…

Charged up India face dispirited LankansMore
Floored Sri Lanka look to batsmen
Dropped catches, flat bowling, batsmen thrashing at balls and barely connecting: Sri Lanka need fast corrective action going into the 2nd ODI.
By Andrew Fidel Fernando | ESPNcricinfo | Yahoo! Cricket –  Wed 5 Nov, 2014 7:30 AM IST
Start time 1330 local (0800 GMT)
The usually reliable Sangakkara dropped two catches in the 1st ODI.Big Picture
Dropped catches, flat bowling, batsmen thrashing at balls and barely connecting: Sri Lanka's cobwebs stymied them on Sunday, but the time to bust open the broom cupboard and clean their cricket up is looming. Fans have largely been content to grant the team a little grace for the first loss, given the side's lack of preparation, but they will soon expect significant improvement, even if a series victory is some distance off. India are, after all, now Sri Lanka's most rivalrous opposition, even if that sentiment is not reciprocated from across the Palk Strait.
Angelo Mathews took aim at the batsmen after the first game, and with an inexperienced attack in tow, the top six will seemingly have to carry Sri Lanka if they are to make something of this series. Only Mahela Jayawardene looked in touch, but it often does not take Tillakaratne Dilshan much time to shake off poor form, and in those two lie Sri Lanka's best hopes until Kumar Sangakkara and Angelo Mathews work themselves into better nick.
India's batsmen, meanwhile, were sending Sri Lanka's bowling around the ground like a street vendor would swipe away flies. Short balls were flat-batted down the ground, full ones carved square, and tight, good length deliveries crashed to the fence like everything else. All this was overseen by Virat Kohli 's dynamic leadership. After the match it emerged that it had been his idea to take the Powerplay in the 24th over, and it was in that five-over period that India sprinted away with the match. Having tormented Sri Lanka with the bat in the past, he has now begun doing it from the dressing room.
The visitors are depleted of course, but now the hosts have even more of their frontline personnel absent. Varun Aaron hit the highest speeds in the first ODI, but he is out for two weeks, while Mohammad Shami - India's best bowler against West Indies - had already been ruled out with injury. Bhuvneshwar Kumar is also being rested. That India managed a mammoth score in the first ODI without Rohit Sharma and MS Dhoni suggests substantial batting depth, and as the bowling had clicked in the last match as well, Sri Lanka will have to raise their game significantly to challenge them.
Form guide
(last five matches, most recent first)
India WWWLL
Sri Lanka LWWLL
In the spotlight
Pushed to the fringes of the ODI team because of poor form, Ishant Sharma made some return to the format on Sunday, claiming 4 for 34 in his first ODI since January. There was gentle seam for Ishant, but his real strength was the shorter length he lived on, surprising Sri Lanka's batsmen by achieving a little extra bounce. It was the kind of bowling that selectors will want to see ahead of the World Cup, and a few more outings like that one might help Ishant muscle his way back into a first choice XI even when the regular frontline bowlers are fit.
Mathews made particular mention of the lack of intent in the first ten overs of Sri Lanka's innings, and no one was more guilty of dawdling than Upul Tharanga , whose 28 off 53 clotted up an end, as Sri Lanka pursued 364. Few cricketers polarise fans as much as Tharanga, but now handed a well-earned ODI recall, he will need an impressive score quickly, if he is to keep Kusal Perera out of the opening spot.
Teams news
India's selectors met for a three-hour pow-wow on Tuesday, only to decide they need to see two more ODIs before settling on the squad for the Australia Tests, so this match is of particular significance for fringe players. Stuart Binny came into the unit to replace Aaron, but Dhawal Kulkarni is most likely to step into the XI, for his second ODI. Ravindra Jadeja is also a chance to play, having been rested for the first match.
India: 1 Ajinkya Rahane , 2 Shikhar Dhawan , 3 Virat Kohli (capt), 4 Ambati Rayudu , 5 Suresh Raina , 6 Wriddhiman Saha (wk), 7 Akshar Patel/ Ravindra Jadej, 8 R Ashwin, 9 Ishant Sharma , 10 Umesh Yadav , 11 Dhawal Kulkarni
Sri Lanka will most likely give the same XI another whirl, though left-arm spinning allrounder Chaturanga de Silva does have a chance of breaking into the side, perhaps at the expense of Seekkuge Prasanna .
Sri Lanka (probable): 1 Upul Tharanga , 2 Tillakaratne Dilshan , 3 Kumar Sangakkara (wk), 4 Mahela Jayawardene, 5 Angelo Mathews (capt), 6 Ashan Priyanjan, 7 Seekkuge Prasanna , 8 Thisara Perera , 9 Dhammika Prasad, 10 Suraj Randiv , 11 Suranga Lakmal
Pitch and conditions
Virat Kohli said there was more grass on the Ahmedabad surface than usual, but this may just mean the pitch holds together better, and another high-scorer is on the cards. The weather, in any case, is unlikely to interfere.
Stats and trivia
No side has made more 300-plus first-innings scores against another, than India's 13 such totals against Sri Lanka. Including Sunday's victory, India have won 12 of these encounters.
Kohli has played in 22 victories against Sri Lanka - more matches than he has even played against any other country. He averages 70.21 in those victories, with five hundreds and five fifties.
Sri Lanka have won 12 ODIs and lost only three away from home, this year.
Quotes
"Captaincy mostly remains the same for me. Conditions don't matter much as we have a set plan. I can't analyse my captaincy now as I've not had many tough games, but if I do more captaincy I can analyse more."
India captain Virat Kohli isn't patting himself on the back just yet
"It's a good wicket and both teams will be expecting to score more than 300."
Tillakaratne Dilshan expects another high-scorer.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

AllBank revises term deposits interest ratesAllBank revises term deposits interest rates
Indonesia growth lowest in almost 5 yearsIndonesian economic growth lowest for almost five years
By Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/04c8ac58-1c5e-11e4-98d8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China rejects US claim of provocation over interceptChina rejects US claim of ‘provocation’ over intercept
By Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dda7db18-2a35-11e4-a068-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan rebukes China in defence reportJapan condemns ‘dangerous’ Chinese acts in defence white paper
By Jonathan Soble in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fbb9b4fa-1c57-11e4-9666-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Toyota recalls another 1.75m carsOctober 15, 2014 9:55 am
Toyota recalls another 1.75m cars for three separate defects
Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c13a2464-543c-11e4-84c6-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Now for the hard part© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/116da0a6-5081-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Toyota sells part of its Tesla stakeOctober 24, 2014 8:56 am
Toyota sells part of its Tesla stake
Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e0e51dfc-5b4c-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

This man calls Indians nasty namesthis man calls indians nasty names
Soon  ISB will teach you how to be happy  for freeSoon, ISB will teach you how to be happy, for free
G Naga Sridhar
The institute will roll out an online course on happiness by mid-2015
Hyderabad, November 3:  
If you’re fed up chasing business targets round the clock, here is a way to find happiness. Indian School of Business (ISB) will soon be offering an online course in ‘happiness and fulfilment’ free of cost to one and all.
On Monday, the B-school inked a memorandum of understanding with Coursera Inc., an online content provider, to launch the course by the middle of next year.
“Our objective is to make our teaching available to all in most relevant areas,” Arun Pereira, Executive Director, Centre for Teaching, Learning and Case Studies, ISB, told BusinessLine here.
This is the first step for ISB in launching mass open online courses and it hopes to offer about three courses by the end of next year.
The courses will be informal and ad hoc, with a duration of four-six weeks. Though there is no fee, a learner will have to pay for the certificate after completion of the course if she wants it.
According to Pereira, the course will be titled ‘A Life of Happiness and Fulfilment’ as people have been searching for the secret to happiness for centuries. “The exciting news is that the scientific community has recently started exploring this question, and we now have a pretty good idea of what it takes to lead a happy and fulfilling life,” he said.
Those who take this course will get a good idea of the major themes in psychology and behavioural economics on what make people happy, added Pereira.
 “You will also learn about the common mistakes that people make in the pursuit of happiness,” he claims.
ISB is still keeping the full details of the course to itself and says it will unveil them at an appropriate time.
Globally, Coursera charges $49 for a certificate. It is now working on fixing a price for certificates for the ISB courses that will be launched.
According to Vivek Goel, Chief Academic Strategist, Coursera Inc., the demand for online courses in various streams is on the rise.
“We have 10 million registered users for 800 different courses from over 115 countries, and India is the second-largest in the world for online courses,” he said.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

America s First Cat Cafe Is Open. Here s What It s Like Inside.reddit
Would you like a cat with that pumpkin spice latte?
Cat Town Cafe became the first permanent cat cafe in the U.S. when it opened its doors last week in Oakland, California. Founded by cat lovers Adam Myatt and Ann Dunn , Cat Town Cafe is a "cross between a coffee shop and an adoption center," according to Mashable.
The concept of cat cafes started in Taiwan with the idea that customers can enjoy a hot beverage and get in some quality cat time.
"Cat cafes are places where people go to hang out, have a drink, and of course, observe and play with cats," the Cat Town Cafe Indiegogo page explains .
Customers have the option of either walking in or making a reservation before their visit to Cat Town Cafe, where they order drinks and food and then walk into what Mashable describes as "an elaborate play area" to spend time with six to 12 cats at a time.
The hope is that the Cat Town Cafe kitties will find forever families. Each cat is available for adoption, and the cafe gets them out of local shelters. The venture is an extension of Dunn's rescue organization, simply called Cat Town , which "[targets] the cats least likely to be adopted from Oakland's municipal shelter," its website reads. "Through our foster-based program, Cat Town allows sensitive cats to blossom and find great permanent homes."
Funds for the cafe came from an Indiegogo campaign that raised $40,000; another $20,000 was donated by Pet Food Express .
Mashable notes Cat Town Cafe has been a huge success so far, with reservations completely booked for the first three weekends.
“This is kind of my dream vision of what Cat Town would be like,” Julie Sammons, a University of California, Berkeley employee told Time as she petted a resident. Other patrons took to Twitter to share photos.
— Vikram (@recordfamous) November 2, 2014
Cat Town is hardly where the U.S. cat cafe craze ends: New York had a pop-up cat cafe for a limited in April, and KitTea in San Francisco is set to open sometime in the next few months and Portland, Los Angeles, Denver, Denver, San Diego and Seattle all have cafes on the way .
Check out photos from Cat Town below:

Make in India meets Russia s Eastern pivotNEW DELHI, November 5, 2014
Updated: November 5, 2014 02:22 IST
‘Make in India’ meets Russia's ‘Eastern pivot’
Suhasini Haidar
international relations
Russian deputy PM set to discuss more nuclear, energy cooperation
The government’s “Make in India” programme and Russia’s “Eastern pivot” will meet as Russian Deputy Prime Minister Rogozin will discuss more cooperation on energy, the co-production of fighter aircraft and nuclear cooperation with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and National Security Adviser Ajit Doval.
During the day-long visit on Wednesday, Mr. Rogozin will chair the 20th commission (IRIGC-TEC) along with Ms. Swaraj, as well as draw up the plan for “deliverables” for President Vladimir Putin’s visit to Delhi, expected in December for the annual India-Russia summit. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov is expected at the end of November as well. “Each of these fields, from defence production to nuclear and space programmes, are fields India is looking to Russia for closer cooperation, and so Mr. Rogozin’s visit is important,” an official source told The Hindu.

Drinks groups lose some fizz in IndonesiaDrinks groups lose some fizz in Indonesia
Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b2eafa70-601a-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Peruvian upstart AJE takes on Coke and Pepsi in AsiaPeruvian upstart AJE takes on Coke and Pepsi in Asia
By Ben Bland and Andres Schipani
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dd0e0c00-0cf2-11e4-bf1e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

More petrol  diesel price cuts likelyMore petrol diesel cuts likely as crude dips to $80 a barrel
IANS –  Tue 4 Nov, 2014 11:30 PM IST
Print
>
New Delhi, Nov 4 (IANS) Following the recent multiple reductions in petrol rates and deregulation of diesel prices last month, fuel consumers can look forward to more price cuts as Brent crude oil Tuesday fell to its lowest in four years at $82 a barrel after Saudi Arabia cut sale prices to the US.
The basket of 12 crude oils of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), which include Saudi Arabia, closed at $80.64 a barrel Monday compared to $81.97 last Friday, the OPEC Secretariat said.
It was reported that OPEC members Venezuela and Ecuador are working on a joint proposal to defend oil prices, but the United Arab Emirates oil minister said the country is "not panicking".
Announcing the diesel price deregulation last month, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said: "Price of diesel will be linked to the market, and therefore, depending on whatever is the cost involved, is the element that consumers will have to pay."
"Just like petrol prices, diesel cost will now be governed by market forces. The diesel prices were being increased by 50 paise or so over the last few months. The prices should come down as the global crude oil prices have dropped substantially in recent times," he had added.
Petrol and diesel prices were last cut Saturday by over Rs.2 per litre each.
Related video

Dollar rally puts focus on BeijingDollar rally puts focus on Beijing
Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/487a6c02-63d5-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Slowing growth highlights Widodo challengeIndonesia slowdown highlights challenges facing Widodo
Ben Bland in Jakarta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84508698-64a8-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Renminbis drop likely to prove temporaryJuly 1, 2014 4:54 am
Renminbi’s drop likely to prove temporary
By Henny Sender
Economic Armageddon no reason to be down on Chinese currency
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/144ca96c-fdec-11e3-bd0e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SGX posts solid debut in renminbi futuresSGX posts solid debut in renminbi futures
Philip Stafford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fbfd05ea-5918-11e4-9546-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese consortium wins Mexico bullet train bidSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Jokowi should act swiftly on reform agendaJokowi should act swiftly on reform agenda
Odds are stacked against Indonesia’s new leader Widodo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a1251a90-611f-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fall of Berlin Wall still resonatesFall of Berlin Wall remains region’s best chance to heal wounds
Tony Barber
Peaceful revolutions, rather than conflict, prove to be precondition for success
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e062ee6-611e-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stephen Kelly becomes new sage of SageStephen Kelly becomes the new sage of Sage
Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9bc376f6-6475-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Analysis: D.C. soccer stadium would be MLSs priciest but could deliver economic benefitsBy Jonathan O'Connell November 5 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
D.C. United’s Chris Pontius(AP Photo/Adam Hunger)
At $286.7 million, a new stadium for D.C. United on Buzzard Point would be the most expensive Major League Soccer stadium ever built, according to a study commissioned by the D.C. Council, but could bring $109.4 million in economic benefits to the District.
The 406-page report, which can be viewed here , was performed by CSL International, Integra Realty Resources and the Robert Bobb Group, the consulting firm of former D.C. city manager Robert C. Bobb.
It aims to assess a deal proposed by D.C. Mayor Vincent C. Gray (D) and City Administrator Allen Lew in which the city would swap properties with developer Akridge and utility Pepco in order to assemble the land needed for the stadium to the team at no cost.
The team would then pay to build the stadium and receive a series of tax breaks worth around $50 million to lessen the cost of completing and operating the stadium.
D.C. Council Chairman Phil Mendelson delayed release of the 124-page study until Wednesday morning, the day after the election in which he and several other members of the council were on the ballot. Mendelson won re-election handily. A hearing on the report’s results is scheduled for noon Wednesday.
Among the report’s initial takeaways:
- The proposed stadium would cost an estimated $286.7 million, the priciest MLS stadium to date. The cost to the District is estimated at $131.1 million, or 46 percent of the total, though those costs could rise, potentially beyond a $150 million spending cap imposed by the District.
- Gray and Lew likely underestimated the values of properties they proposed trading away, and overvalued the properties on Buzzard Point the District would receive in return. The study’s authors say the net difference is $25.7 million, including an estimated $11.2 million under-valuing of the Reeves Center, the municipal building on U Street that Akridge would receive in the deal.
- Building the stadium, redeveloping the Reeves Center site and building a new municipal building in Ward 8, as Gray has proposed, would inject an estimated $2.6 billion into the District’s economy. About 1,683 full-time or equivalent jobs could be created.
- The stadium alone could produce $109.4 million in net fiscal benefits to the District from sales taxes, income taxes, property taxes, business franchise taxes and ticket fees over the course of the lease.
- Building a stadium on Buzzard Point is likely to accelerate economic development there. Without a stadium, the report suggests that little would get built there for between eight and 10 years.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Japan: dividends are not enough© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/8ca95996-64f3-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

 Gold Futures Fall 2% to Rs. 25 422 on Global CuesYou are here: Home Industries
Gold Futures Plunge Over 2 Per Cent on Global Cues
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 05, 2014 20:24 (IST)
Government May Make PAN Must for Registering Charitable Trusts
New Delhi: Gold prices dropped by over 2 per cent to Rs 25,422 per 10 grams in futures trading on Wednesday as the precious metal tumbled to over four-year lows in global markets.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, the December contract of gold fell sharply by Rs 541, or 2.10 per cent, to Rs 25,422 per 10 grams in business turnover of 12,172 lots.
The far-month February contract plunged by Rs 524, or 2 per cent, to Rs 25,621 per 10 grams in 305 lots.
Analysts attributed the steep fall in gold prices to off-loading of positions by participants after the precious metal tumbled to lowest level since April 2010.
A stronger dollar cut demand and investors' holdings in bullion-backed funds dropped to a five-year low, they said.
Meanwhile, gold prices at spot markets here plunged by Rs 450 to close at over three-year low of Rs 25,900 per 10 grams.
Globally, gold fell almost 2 per cent to $1,143.76 an ounce in Singapore, the lowest price since April 2010.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 19:28 (IST)

Short View: How far can dollar goNovember 5, 2014 5:58 pm
Question is how far a distance can the dollar travel?
Dan McCrum
It is too much to expect a repeat of the big rallies of the 1980s and 1990s
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/15cec396-64ea-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese Rules  Tim Clissold© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c413965e-641b-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

All I want for Xmas is a wearable deviceAll I want for Christmas is a wearable device
Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f3cd848e-6508-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex crosses 28 000Sensex crosses 28 000
China bonds draw interest from foreign investors despite defaultsChina bonds draw interest from foreign investors despite defaults
Madison Marriage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/16117a10-6026-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New push to ease Japan commodity tradingNew push to ease Japan commodity trading rules
Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe65f912-64db-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan banks  playing patience© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/7f975928-63f0-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoJ raises bar for European Central BankBank of Japan raises the bar for European Central Bank
Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47611860-6426-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The eurozone is turning JapaneseNovember 2, 2014 7:23 am
The eurozone is turning Japanese
Charlotte Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2a9b5db8-53bd-11e4-8285-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Murdoch eyes deal in Indian digital space againRupert Murdoch's News Corp in talks to invest in financial education website Bigdecisions.in
Sugata Ghosh & Arijit Barman, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 01.09AM IST
Tags:
advertising
(Murdoch’s News Corp is…)
MUMBAI: A fledgling, financial education website that was conceived by a former banker, fascinated by his father's copious records of grocery prices and household budgets for over 20 years, has now caught the attention of the none other than Rupert Murdoch - the world's biggest media magnate.
A year ago, former Citi banker and IIM-Ahmedabad alumnus Manish Shah tied up with a former-Arthur Andersen and KPMG consultant-turned-techie-turned-insurance professional Gaurav Roy to start Bigdecisions.in. This self-funded venture, which has already clocked 100,000 users so far, has been looking for growth capital for its next phase of expansion. Murdoch's News Corp is currently in advance discussions with the founding promoters of the start-up for a strategic investment, which could even end up in a controlling interest, said multiple sources aware of the discussions.
Facing a drop in advertising and subscription revenues, the global media giant has been branching out of its traditional publishing businesses with investments in newer ventures especially in digital and consumer internet properties. If successful, this will also mark the return of Murdoch - one of the earliest backers of local digital properties like Indya.com and Bazee - in this rapidly growing space that has already witnessed unprecedented investor frenzy after almost a decade. Last June, the Australian American billionaire officially split his empire into two separate companies, divorcing News Corp.'s print entities from its broadcast and entertainment operations which got housed under 21st Century Fox.
BigDecisions.in helps retail users make smarter and more informed financial decisions by providing a free platform comprising informative and interactive videos, customised financial calculators and other content that can be used as a starting point of the needs analysis and the financial planning process. They primarily focus on an individual's crucial financial decisions -- retirement planning, children's education, home buying, life and health insurance - hence the moniker. The target audience is someone who has no answers to questions like how much insurance is needed or whether to buy or rent a flat and so on. Interestingly in India, 70% of all research for key financial decisions begin online.
Mumbai-headquartered BigDecisions.in is an initiative of FinDirect Services Private Limited (FinDirect) - a firm that Shah and Roy founded. So far the duo have themselves invested over Rs 50 lakh in developing the platform, supported by a team of six.
When contacted, Manish A Shah, Co-Founder & CEO, told ET, "We have been looking at external growth capital to expand our product offering and to further build it out. So far the two founders have funded the project entirely on their own. We are discussing with several potential investors. Beyond that I cannot comment on specific details or discussions."
Ashley Hudson , Senior VP & media spokesperson at News Corp told ET in an email response that the company would be unable to comment on any rumours or speculation .
Mails sent to Raju Narisetti, senior vice-president for strategy, News Corp, who is also spearheading the group's media and investment interests in India, went unanswered till the time of going to press.
The fund raising is to further help in building the data analytics and technology platform for even more customised data like city and neighbourhood specific historical pricing and rates; expanding the team and strengthen the marketing and brand building efforts. The company is targeting a million visitors a year from a current monthly run rate of 25,000 a month while 30% of its visitors are repeat.
Unlike several of its peers who focus on personal finance, as a platform BigDecisions.in does not charge a visitor nor does it mandate him/ her to register to be able to use its service. Industry experts say, mostly financial planners advise work offline or websites like Perfios, Intuit help in managing investments, taxes, documents online but need registered users for money management. They help unregistered users only with tax filings.
For execution or buying or financial products they have tied up with other 3rd party online sellers like Fundsindia.com or policybazaar.com," said an official familiar with the venture.
"As a platform their underlying objective is customer education and not selling products. So they are free from any vested interest. Typically, objectivity is a problem as advisors may have a motive behind pushing particular products," explained an industry source. "Their financial calculators with 5-10 different parameters are also far more evolved and can be customised as per an individual's need. The answers therefore are closer to reality," he added.
Murdoch's tactical investments in recent times coincides with its strategy to aggressively expand its internet presence in key markets to grow digitally and globally, making technology a canvas for content. In September, it acquired Move Inc , an operator of real estate listings website for $950 million in cash. Other recent acquisitions in the region include a stake in employment listings portal Seek Asia. The company, through REA, an online real estate services provider in Australia , has forged partnerships in China and Hong Kong, besides buying a $100-million stake in iProperty.com, which has a network of sites across Asia, including in India.
Globally, News Corp consolidated its digital strategy with buyouts like Storyful, a social media news agency, and romance novel specialist Harlequin, which accelerated the international digital expansion of HarperCollins, its publishing arm.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Virgin Money lowers IPO valuationVirgin Money lowers IPO valuation
Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5267b526-64e8-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM reviews progress of connectivity-related infrastructure sectorsPM reviews progress of connectivity-related infrastructure sectors
Ipca Labs tumbles 10.6 per cent on Credit Suisse downgradeIpca Labs tumbles 10.6 per cent on Credit Suisse downgrade
UPDATE 1-Saudi Arabia  Venezuela officials mum about oil after meetingUPDATE 1-Saudi Arabia  Venezuela officials mum about oil after meeting
Thermax surges over 8 per cent on strong Q2 resultThermax surges over 8 per cent on strong Q2 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 5, 2014, 09.34AM IST
Tags:
environment
(Operating revenue for the…)
MUMBAI: Shares of energy and environment solutions provider Thermax surged over 8 per cent in early trade after it reported a net profit of Rs 86 crore for the second quarter of FY 2014-15, up 185 per cent from a net profit of Rs 30 crore in the corresponding quarter last year.
Operating revenue for the quarter was up 14 per cent at Rs 1191 crore as compared to Rs 1043 crore in the corresponding quarter last year.
The company saw 42 per cent growth in order inflow at Rs 1089 crore which was aided by the improvement in demand for its standard products in the domestic market and project orders from the international market.
At 09:23 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 961, up Rs 49 or 5.37 per cent on the BSE. It surged 8.33 per cent to touch a high of Rs 988 in early trade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Invest in sectors that are leading: Mitesh ThackerYou are here: Home > Collections > Bets
Invest in sectors that are leading; some midcap and pharma stocks good bets: Mitesh Thacker
ET Now Nov 5, 2014, 03.01PM IST
Tags:
Mitesh Thacker
In a chat with ET Now, Mitesh Thacker , Technical Analyst at miteshthacker.com, shares his thoughts on the market. Excerpts:
ET Now: What is your sense of the index at these levels and what position would you hold?
Mitesh Thacker: It remains positive, even though I can sense some loss of momentum. Some of the intraday indicators are kind of tiring out and therefore if not today, atleast in the next one to three sessions it is very likely that we will see some kind of pullback happening to about levels of 8250, which is about 80-90 points lower from current levels.
Thus, you now have to possibly look at sectors that are now participating or taking the lead. Some of the midcap stocks which were not participating have come back. Pharma has also come back with some kind of strength. Hence, you might want to rotate your long positions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

McConnell Wins Kentucky Senate ElectionWinner: Karl Rove
After the 2012 elections didn't quite go the way the GOP wanted it, Republicans responded by impaneling a team of experts to divine what hard lessons needed to be learn, and come up with a long-term strategy to get back on the winning side. That effort yielded the 100-page "Growth And Opportunity Project" report (more colloquially known as the "RNC Autopsy"). Progress on this venture has been decidedly mixed , at best.
Elsewhere, however, key GOP figures were contemplating a short-term solution, focused on the 2014 midterms. Chief among them was former Bush adviser and Fox News contributor Karl Rove. His vision: the Conservative Victory Project . Its goal: No more Todd Akins! Rove attributed key GOP losses to the fact that too many undisciplined candidates were making it through party primaries and into general elections against Democratic candidates that more seasoned, established GOP candidates could beat.
In an interesting coincidence of timing, Rove's project launched around the same time that Iowa's Democratic senator, Tom Harkin, announced he would be retiring. Subsequently, one of the first people to end up in the crosshairs of Rove's new organization was U.S. Rep. Steve King of Iowa. As The New York Times reported at the time :
Representative Steve King, a six-term Iowa Republican, could be among the earliest targets of the Conservative Victory Project. He said he had not decided whether he would run for the Senate, but the leaders of the project in Washington are not waiting to try to steer him away from the race.
The group’s plans, which were outlined for the first time last week in an interview with [American Crossroads president Steven J.] Law, call for hard-edge campaign tactics, including television advertising, against candidates whom party leaders see as unelectable and a drag on the efforts to win the Senate. Mr. Law cited Iowa as an example and said Republicans could no longer be squeamish about intervening in primary fights.
“We’re concerned about Steve King’s Todd Akin problem,” Mr. Law said. “This is an example of candidate discipline and how it would play in a general election. All of the things he’s said are going to be hung around his neck.”
Iowa ended up with Iowa state Sen. Joni Ernst as their standardbearer in that Senate race, and while she's pushed the envelope in the wrong direction at times, she's more or less proved to be a manageable candidate. (Though it arguably helped Ernst that the media, by and large, chose to give her multiple passes.) Over in Colorado, Rove got the sort of candidate he prefers in U.S. Rep. Cory Gardner -- again, a manageable alternative to Ken Buck . Throughout the primary season, Republicans avoided elevating the types of candidates -- your Todd Akins, Sharron Angles, and Richard Mourdocks -- that had previously sunk ambitions.
Tuesday, in the critical Colorado and Iowa races, Gardner and Ernst both prevailed, beating established Democratic candidates thought to have superior ground operations. The GOP may still need to revisit that "RNC autopsy." But in the short term, what Karl Rove wanted to get, he got.
-- Jason Linkins

Ashamed to Say My Children Studied Abroad: Uday KotakBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Pitching for major reforms in the country's education system, noted banker Uday Kotak has he is "ashamed" to say that his children had to go overseas to study as he felt those courses were better abroad.
Speaking during a session on education at the India Economic Summit here on Wednesday, Mr Kotak said there are a large number of "schooled" people in the country, but not "educated".
"I am ashamed to say that both my children studied under-graduation courses overseas, because we felt it was better for them," said Mr Kotak, who is executive chairman and managing director of Kotak Mahindra Bank.
Going by estimates, billions of dollars are spent every year to send Indian students overseas.
Noting that educational reforms should begin at the roots of civil society, he said the teaching profession has lost some of its respect.
"Education (system) has to be transformed... The future is bright," he said.
The summit is organised by the World Economic Forum (WEF) in partnership with the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), an industry body.
At the same session, HRD Minister Smriti Irani said that there is a need to rejuvenate the teaching profession and bring back the respect that this vocation once enjoyed.
She also said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's initiative to reach out to students on Teachers Day was a step in that direction, and that the initiative should help encourage more young people to turn to teaching as a career.
Mr Kotak also highlighted the need to bring back the respect and dignity to the teaching profession in India.
He observed that previously, education policies focused on the creation of education hardware (school buildings etc.). He was of the view that there needs to be an equal emphasis on the creation of education software such as teachers, teaching tools and teaching methods.
India has a large workforce of 500 million and over 10 million people are being added to that workforce every year, said Gary Coleman, managing director-global industries at Delloitte, USA.
However, businesses were finding it very difficult to find adequately skilled manpower for their needs. This issue needs to be addressed urgently, he added.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 14:28 (IST)

Social Media Analytics Innovation: Q&A with Shree Dandekar  Dellreddit
It's common to talk of the "customer journey," of the path an individual takes from needs awareness, via research and evaluation, to purchase and, in the case of a happy customer, loyalty and a lasting relationship. The customer journey may involve multiple channels and touchpoints.
Social touchpoints are among the most important, at every stage of the customer journey. The ability to understand, measure, and shape influence and advocacy is hugely important. You need software to do the job right, software that automates collection, filtering, and analysis of social and online text in conjunction with network and market analytics. Techniques are rapidly evolving, making social media analytics innovation a topic of great interest for brands and agencies across the industry.
The social business challenge and technical responses are central topics at LT-Accelerate, a unique European conference, taking place December 4-5, 2014 in Brussels. I'm very much looking forward to Shree Dandekar's presentation, about tools and techniques for social ROI. If this topic interests you as well, you'll want to learn more. An interview I recently conducted with Shree is a start, then I hope you'll join us in Brussels.
Shree has been at Dell for 14 years, in roles covering software design, product development, enterprise marketing and technology strategy. He is responsible for developing and driving the strategy for Dell's predictive analytics and BI solutions.
Q1: The topic of this Q&A is social media analytics. What's your personal SMA background and your current work role?
Shree Dandekar: I am the GM for our Social Analytics offering and have been responsible for taking Dell products in this space to market.
Q2: What are key technical and business goals of the analyses you're involved in?
Shree Dandekar: Given that we are in the business of offering social analytics to our customers, our technical and business goals are tailored around that. Specifically, technical goals are focused on making our social analytics product robust enough to support our customers' needs. This does include making sure we capture the right sentiment, glean the right insights, and prep the data to ensure both business and social context information can be surfaced in an efficient manner. Our business goals are to make sure our customers can realize their "social nirvana" by identifying themselves on the social analytics journey and making the right investments in moving to the next level.
Q3: And what particular analytics approaches or technologies do you favor, whether for text, network, geospatial, behavioral, or other analyses? [You don't have to cover all these analysis types.]
Shree Dandekar: We use predictive analytics algorithms to derive insights from Social Media data. Dell has invested significant IP in building its Text and NLP capabilities and our Social Media Analytics offerings is directly built on top of that foundation. Dell also recently acquired a leading Predictive Analytics player: Statistica. Statistica Text Miner is an extension of Statistica Data Miner, ideal for translating unstructured text data into meaningful, valuable clusters of decision-making "gold." As most users familiar with text mining already know, real-world data comes in a variety of forms, not always organized or easily ready to analyze. Text mining digs for the underlying information not readily apparent in traditional structured data.  These data sources can be extremely large as well.  Statistica Text Miner is optimized and has recently been further enhanced for working with such data.
Q4: To what extent do you get into sentiment and subjective information?
Shree Dandekar: Dell joined forces with a leading text analytics provider to leverage sentiment and text analytics. Their patented Natural Language Processing (NLP) engine uses a mix of rules and dictionaries to break down and analyze customer feedback text, and to score it on an 11-point sentiment scale for added granularity and measurement. The sentiment and text analytics solution enables Dell to make sense of the vast amount of customer feedback data available. In order to make the insights relevant to Dell's business and understand brand health through the voice of the customer, the Social Analytics team developed a proprietary metric, the SNA metric. This metric is an indicator of purchase intent, giving Dell a clear view into customer advocacy of the Dell brand.  Once the social media data is collected, analyzed, and scored for sentiment, it is then scored against Dell's SNA scale.
Q5: How do you recommend dealing with high-volume, high-velocity, diverse social postings -- to ensure that analyses draw on the most complete and relevant data available and deliver the most accurate results possible?
Shree Dandekar: Dell is using this patent-pending software (SNA) and integrating it into all aspects of the business from product development, marketing, Net Promoter Score (NPS) diagnosis, customer support/service, sales, and M&A. Measuring more than 1.5 million conversations annually, the system provides the ability to drill down to very granular parts of the business in real time. It serves as a source of uniform distribution and assimilation of customer feedback for multiple business functions. This enhances Dell's avowed policy of customer centricity and direct feedback. And, since it updates in real-time, SNA accelerates customer feedback on important topics enabling shorter response cycles without negatively affecting the brand health.
Q6: Could you provide an example (or two) that illustrates really well what you've been able to accomplish via SMA, that demonstrate strong ROI?
Shree Dandekar: The Dell social media analytics portfolio includes the patent-pending Social Net Advocacy (SNA) metric. SNA is designed to measure the net advocacy of a brand or topic, calculated from the sentiment and context of social media conversations (see figure). Dell uses SNA internally to help the company deliver an enhanced experience to its customers. SNA is integrated within the Dell Social Media Command Center, which enables the company to monitor and react to online conversations in real time.
Dell measures SNA at the brand level and also extends this measurement to more than 150 topics representing various aspects of the business. Online conversations are analyzed for topics including products, services, marketing, customer support, packaging and even community outreach efforts. Each of these conversations influences brand perception and therefore affects the overall advocacy or health of the brand. SNA enables organizations to understand, quantify and contextualize online feedback, leading to informed business decisions that help improve the overall customer experience. Organizations can integrate customer feedback in near-real time for short response cycles -- meaning that an organization can quickly connect with a customer and discuss relevant solutions.
The customer feedback derived from the SNA program is delivered across the entire organization, from departments such as customer care and quality control to marketing and product development. The real time analysis and measuring of social data has allowed Dell to proactively quell any public concerns before they grow into potentially larger issues. Moreover, Dell is able to add context to the sentiment and SNA scores such as understanding whether the customer is a brand advocate or not.
For example, within hours after the launch of a specific Dell product, the social analytics team saw a declining trend in SNA (decreased by more than 50%). When the analyst team looked further into the issue, they found a significant number of social media conversations expressing anger over the pricing for the new product. They turned to Dell's chief blogger who quickly wrote a post explaining the situation and rectifying the price concerns. Within one day, Dell was able to return to original sentiment levels. Moreover, the general manager didn't even need to be brought into the issue- employees are empowered to make quick and informed decisions.
Q7: Finally, do you have recommendations to share, regarding choice of data sources, metrics, analytical methods, and visualizations, in order to best align with desired business outcome?
Shree Dandekar: With the explosive growth of social media, customers are increasingly taking their conversations to online platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, community forums, wikis and blogs. Because social media has the power to influence brand reputation, daily engagement with people who are discussing an organization's brand has become a critical step for understanding the market -- and in some cases, converting detractors into brand advocates.
Through social media analytics, organizations can determine who is doing the talking: Are they customers, influencers or others? They can find out when specific events caused positive or negative conversations and also measure general brand sentiment on a daily, weekly and monthly basis. This rich data enables enterprises to obtain real-time customer insights that can help solve complex business challenges.
The development of a social media analytics strategy can be thought of as a journey that begins by listening to online conversations. The next steps are to collect, record and analyze the data, and then monitor trends. Finally, heuristics and business algorithms are applied to the data to derive actionable insights. This journey from an ad hoc approach to a highly optimized solution does not happen overnight but in increments, as an enterprise develops analytics maturity. To achieve this maturity, business leaders need to make the right investments in technology, and then invest in training people and creating a social media analytics culture within the organization.
Thanks, Shree. Readers, if you're intrigued by Shree's take on social media analytics, please check out the LT-Accelerate program and consider joining us in Brussels!
Follow Seth Grimes on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SethGrimes
More:

My Top 10 Presentation Tips That Will Wow Your Audiencereddit
The very thought of public speaking terrifies many of us. In fact, the fear of public speaking ranks higher than the fear of death. It's crazy, but true.
But whether we like it or not, public speaking is a fact of life. Whether you're doing a presentation at a conference or event, or pitching to clients in the workplace, we all have to take the stand at some point.
But presenting to your audience doesn't have to be a tongue twisting disaster. When it's done right, it can be the most effective form of communicating and can often lead to new business and open doors to new opportunities.
Here are my top 10 tips on how to deliver a presentation that will get an applause from any audience.
1. Preparation is key
The best way to wow your audience is to deliver a clear, concise message. But for this to happen, you need to prepare and practice thoroughly before every interview.
Writing a game plan which covers key issues and the message you want to communicate can be a great way to clarify your thoughts. Even better, practice in front of the mirror or film yourself to identify areas for improvement. The more prepared you are, the better you will be able to get your key messages across.
2. Think confident thoughts
How you look on stage is crucial to how your audience will perceive you. Try to look relaxed and calm, and use slow, controlled gestures. If you look and speak confidently, you will appear more credible and people will be less likely to notice if you make a mistake.
It's also worth taking some time to figure out what you will wear. A simple and professional outfit is the safest bet. Avoid wearing stripes, checks, herringbone, small intricate designs or flashy jewellery as they can be distracting at times.
3. Get excited
It's important to speak more expressively and energetically than usual when you're presenting to an audience. Your message is less likely to be heard if you speak in a monotone, and speaking in a dreary tone won't captivate any audience.
Your voice should lift and drop, and increase and decrease in volume. Practice on your family and friends to make sure you don't overdo it.
4. Think before you speak
How you engage with your audience will depend on the type of speaking opportunity you're doing, but regardless of where your presentation takes place, it's important not to ramble. Take a moment to think about what you say, and pause between thoughts. If you are in an interview situation and the journalist is quiet, don't feel as though you have to keep talking.
Keeping your words concise and to the point will help people to digest what you're saying. Also pause instead of using filler words such as 'um' while thinking. And if you make a mistake, just correct yourself and move on. Don't dwell on it.
5. Hold your gaze
Trying to figure out where to look can be unsettling for anyone who is taking to the spotlight. Look for the 'lighthouses' in the room - the people that are really engaged. By looking at them from time to time throughout your presentation they will give you energy and confidence.
6. Relax
Getting up in front of a room of people can rattle even the strongest nerves, so it's important to relax and take a break from reading your notes. It can be useful to put your notes down in the 30 minutes prior to your interview to give your brain some time to unwind. Try and calm your nerves by calling a family member or friend, or stepping outside for some fresh air.
7. Believe in yourself
You don't have to be a professional speaker to take the stage at events, and anyone with expert knowledge can be a speaker. If you remain confident, calm and collected, and if you really believe in what you have to say, you will be able to connect with any audience. If you don't feel you have these qualities, public speaking training may help you to prepare ahead of time.
8. Promote your business and services
When you take the stage at any event, you can include case studies or examples from your business in your presentation. This will not only improve your credibility by showing you're an expert in your field; it will also help you to build your brand awareness with the audience. However, keep in mind that you should never be overly promotional or talk about your business too much.
9. Network, network, network!
Events offer a great opportunity to connect with other speakers and attendees. Often members of the audience will be eager to catch up with you after the presentation because something you said resonated with them. This is a great time to get their details and determine if they would be interested in your business or services.
10. Position yourself as an expert
Speaking to an audience gives you automatic credibility on your subject matter. By honing your presentation skills, connecting with your audience and presenting at multiple events related to your field, you will become well known in your industry. If you get the mix right, soon people will be contacting you to speak at their events.
--
Catriona Pollard is the author of From Unknown To Expert , a step by step framework designed to help entrepreneurs develop effective PR and social media strategies to become recognised as influencers in their field.
Catriona is also the director of CP Communications, which merges traditional PR tactics with cutting-edge social media strategies that engage consumers as well as business.
Catriona Pollard Communications Pty Ltd
Suite 404, 10-12 Clarke Street, Crows Nest NSW Australia 2065
P: (02) 9460 9200

New Zealand newspaper recreates  catcalling experiment ; results will surprise youprint
After a street harassment video of a woman walking around New York's Manhattan area for over 10 hours became viral, a New Zealand newspaper conducted a similar experiment on the streets of Auckland. And the results surprised everybody.
New Zealand Herald hired model Nicola Simpson to walk around the country's largest city. She walked and walked, and walked some more.
But unlike the New York video experiment which was carried out by anti-harassment organisation Hollaback, where the woman was catcalled, verbally harassed and followed even over 100 times, the hired model in Auckland was not.
Not even once.
She was, however, stopped by two men. The first man asked her if she was Italian and said she looks nice. He sounded European, and later apologized for stopping her. The second man… well, he was just asking for directions.
However, this is not necessarily indicative of all women's experiences there, but is a refreshing change from the New York video.

Alert Customers in High Value Cheque Payment: RBI to BanksGovernment May Make PAN Must for Registering Charitable Trusts
Mumbai: To clamp down on cheque-related fraud cases, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked lenders to alert account holders by a phone call and contact the base branch in case of non-home cheques before clearing high value payments.
The RBI also asked banks to send an SMS alert to payer/drawer when cheques are received for clearing and examine cheques under UV lamp for clearance beyond Rs 2 lakh.
The apex bank further said multi-level checking should be done before clearing cheques above Rs 5 lakh.
"Banks may consider the following preventive measures for dealing with suspicious or large value cheques: Alerting the customer by a phone call and getting the confirmation from the payer/drawer and contacting base branch in case of non-home cheques," the RBI said in a communication to banks on Wednesday.
The RBI said directions have been issued in the wake of a rise in the number of cheque-related fraud cases. It said cases have been reported where even though original cheques were in the custody of account holders cheques in the same series were presented and encashed by fraudsters.
The apex bank further said lenders may resort to given directions selectively, if not feasible to be implemented systematically. It further asked banks to take appropriate precautionary measures to ensure that the confidential information are neither compromised nor misused either from the bank or from the vendors' side.
"Due care and secure handling is also to be exercised in the movement of cheques from the time they are tendered over the counters or dropped in the collection boxes by customers."
Besides, it also asked banks to ensure usage of CTS-2010 compliant cheques, strengthen infrastructure for cheque handling, KYC compliancy, close monitoring of credits and debits in newly opened accounts.
The apex bank said such frauds could have been avoided had due diligence been observed at the time of handling or processing of the cheques.
"Banks are, therefore, advised to review and strengthen the controls in the cheque presenting/passing and account monitoring processes and to ensure that all procedural guidelines including preventive measures are followed meticulously by the dealing staff," the RBI said.
Story first published on: November 07, 2014 08:37 (IST)

Allahabad Bank Cuts Interest Rate on Retail DepositsYou are here: Home Corporates
Allahabad Bank Cuts Interest Rate on Retail Deposits
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 01:14 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Allahabad Bank on Wednesday cut by 0.15 per cent the rate of interest on retail term deposits maturing in 1-5-years.
The new rates will be applicable from November 10, 2014, the public sector lender said in a filing to the BSE.
"The Bank has decided to revise the interest rate downward by 0.15 per cent per annum i.e. from existing 9.05 per cent per annum to 8.90 per cent per annum on domestic retail term deposits scheme with maturity period of one year to less than five years," it said.
Shares in Allahabad Bank, on Wednesday, ended at Rs 116.15 apiece on the BSE, down 1.44 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 23:58 (IST)

TMC still alive in PuducherryUpdated: November 6, 2014 02:42 IST
TMC still alive in Puducherry
R. Sivaraman
Tweet
The Hindu P. Kuppusamy
: Even as the former Union Minister, G.K. Vasan searches for a name for his new party, the party founded by the late senior Congress leader and his father G.K. Moopanar, and later disbanded, the Tamil Manila Congress (TMC), is still alive in Puducherry.
It has survived even after the parent party (in Tamil Nadu) was disbanded in 2002, and shortly thereafter, reunited with the Congress.
TMC’s current president P. Kuppusamy said it was still considered a ‘registered political party’ by the Election Commission and was frequently engaged in various consultations organised by the Commission.
“We are currently active and around 8300 members are with us,” he stated.
Over the years, the TMC has maintained a political presence, however negligible, though its leadership has changed several times. For a period, it was led by Djeaucoumar until he joined the Congress in 2006. Later, R. Thulasidas was running the party until he quit to float the Vanniyar Sangam.
It was in 2010 that the party elected Mr. Kuppusamy as its chief and I. Marie James Lotti as general secretary.
Congress leader P. Kannan is credited with founding the unit of the TMC here in the aftermath of the electoral victories of the TMC which fought the 1996 Tamil Nadu Assembly and Lok Sabha elections in alliance with the DMK — the TMC bagged 20 in the Lok Sabha polls and 39 seats in the Assembly elections.
The election results shook up the Congress in Puducherry as well.
Mr. Kannan, who was the Speaker of the Assembly, resigned from the post due to differences with Congress leaders, who were in the government.
Mr. Kannan was toying with the idea of launching separate political outfit when Mr. Moopanar launched the Tamil Manila Congress in 1996 as a breakaway from the Congress in protest against the high command’s decision to ally with the AIADMK then. Soon after that, Mr. Kannan launched the TMC unit here.
Congressmen R. Ramanathan and Mr. Djeaucoumar and several others also joined him. After winning the elections in six constituencies, Mr. Kannan and Mr. Djeaucoumar became ministers in the Cabinet of Chief Minister R.V. Janakiraman during the DMK-TMC combine regime. Three-and-half years later, Mr. Kannan returned to the Congress fold and he is now a member of the Rajya Sabha.
Though the TMC went into decline, its Puducherry unit was kept afloat even after Mr. Vasan merged the TMC with Congress in Tamil Nadu after the death of Moopanar.
Mr. Kuppusamy said the TMC conducts organisational elections and files returns to the EC. He also claimed that the TMC trade union is active in the Anglo-French Textile Mills, Bharathi and Swadeshi Mills.

Goa CM Parrikar tipped for defence in big cabinet rejigGoa CM Manohar Parrikar tipped for defence portfolio in cabinet rejig
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 21:03 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 09:52 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Narendra Modi will likely reshuffle and expand his council of ministers on Sunday, with Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar tipped to get the key defence portfolio and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi set to return as a cabinet minister.
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar (L) took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. (Sameer Sehgal/HT File Photo)
The long-awaited revamp of the team that has ruled India since late May will lighten the burden on some ministers who hold more than one portfolio and give the Prime Minister a chance to promote high achievers while getting rid of a few who have failed to keep pace, government and BJP sources said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, who holds additional charge of the defence portfolio, had said early in his tenure that this was only a temporary arrangement.  The 58-year-old Parrikar flew to Delhi early on Wednesday after cancelling a meeting of his state cabinet, and met BJP chief Amit Shah and, later in the day, Modi.
 
“The Prime Minister did not talk about my joining the cabinet; we discussed Goa issues,” he said after meeting Modi. The likely move of the well-regarded chief minister to Delhi will leave the BJP with a big hole to plug in Goa, and party leaders were in discussions about his replacement.
Naqvi, minister of state in the Vajpayee government, is likely to become minister in charge of statistics and planning, the sources said.  His entry will provide the cabinet another prominent Muslim face after minority affairs minister Najma Heptulla.
Jayant Sinha, who holds a Harvard MBA and is the son of former finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is likely to be inducted as minister of state (MoS), either in the defence or finance ministry. Nirmala Sitharaman may be promoted from MoS to cabinet minister, likely in charge of the commerce and industry ministry, and give up her current additional role as MoS in the finance ministry.
Haryana leader Birender Singh, who had crossed over from the Congress to the BJP ahead of the Haryana assembly election, is understood to be in contention for a berth in the council of ministers and is likely to get independent charge of a ministry.
 
BJP youth wing chief Anu-rag Thakur, a Lok Sabha MP from Himachal Pradesh, and Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, who was instrumental in uncovering the coal block scam, are other probable candidates.
Bihar MPs Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a Brahmin, and Giriraj Singh, a Bhumihar, are also said to be serious contenders for a place in the council of ministers.  MPs from Uttarakhand and West Bengal may miss the bus again, said sources.
 
Modi is understood to be considering lightening the burden of some ministers holding more than one portfolio. Ravi Shankar Prasad (law, communication & IT), Prakash Javadekar (I&B and environment), Nitin Gadkari (rural development, road transport & highways, panchayati raj and drinking water) and Piyush Goyal (power, coal, new and renewable energy) are among the ministers who hold multiple portfolios.
 
Speculation is also rife about changes in Rail Bhawan and Krishi Bhawan. Given the PM’s motto of “minimum government, maximum governance”, the sources ruled out any large-scale expansion. Modi’s present team includes 22 cabinet ministers and an equal number of MoS.
(with agency inputs)

In 2006  it was the worst dressing-roomTweet
0
Laxman agrees with Tendulkar version.Former India batsman VVS Laxman has backed up Sachin Tendulkar 's criticism of the way Greg Chappell treated senior players during his tenure as coach between 2005 and 2007, saying he "took Indian cricket backwards."
In his autobiography Playing It My Way, Tendulkar had claimed Chappell made a veiled threat about dropping Laxman when the batsmen said he did not want to open the innings. "This happened in 2006 at the Wankhede Stadium when India were playing England," Laxman told NDTV. " Yuvraj Singh was picked ahead of me and five bowlers were fielded. We were going to the West Indies for a four-Test series after that and he asked me if I would open.
"I mentioned that back in 2000, I had decided I would not open anymore after it didn't work for me in the first four years. I was consistent in the middle order. Chappell asked me my age and said - Don't you think 31 is too young an age to sit at home? I had a very good run under him. I was the second highest run-scorer under him."
Laxman said the team environment created by Chappell was poor. "In 2006, it was the worst dressing-room I was part of," he said. "I have played under various coaches and captains for 16 years but that year was the worst atmosphere in a dressing-room.
"More than anything else, it was very evident that there was an attempt to create a rift. A cricket team is like a family and there is no point in creating a divide between seniors and juniors. It was very unfortunate. The seniors felt very insecure. We never understood why Chappell thought that way when the seniors were playing well."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

http://usat.ly/1E6CXorEMAIL
AP
Shares of Elon Musk’s solar company, SolarCity (SCTY) , declined Wednesday as the company told investors that revenue fell short of expectations.
The company that installs solar panels on customers’ homes reported an adjusted quarterly loss of 75 cents a share, which was better than the loss of $1.07 a share expected by investors. But the problem was the top line. The company reported revenue of $58.3 million, falling short of the $60.4 million analysts were calling for.
Quarterly revenue may have missed expectations, but it was still 20% higher from year-ago levels.
Shares of SolarCity dropped $2.52, or 4.4%, to $54.44 during regular trading. After the market closed, shares fell another 94 cents, or 1.7%, to $53.50.
Tesla founder Elon Musk doesn’t operate SolarCity, but is a huge shareholder in it. Musk owns 21 million shares of the company, or roughly 23% of the shares outstanding.
Tesla’s better known company, electric-car maker Tesla (TSLA), had a wild day, too. Shares were down 3.3% to $230.97 during regular trading as investors braced for the company to breakeven on an adjusted basis. But shares of Tesla are up nearly 7% in afterhours trading to $246 after the company reported a profit of 2 cents a share.

Theft by five-star hotel guests on the riseYou are here: Home > Collections
Hotels like Marriott, Hyatt, Ramada report surge in pilferage by guests; 35% of items get stolen
Divya Sathyanarayanan, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 04.00AM IST
("Many times when people…)
MUMBAI: Theft by hotel guests is on the rise. Not just by kleptomaniacs and souvenir collectors, but by first-timers, too. And the items preferred are no longer restricted to toiletry. Earlier this year, executives at the five-star Bengaluru Marriott Hotel Whitefield were puzzled when four irons, six hair dryers and two kettles were missing from rooms that had been booked for a meeting.
At about the same time, the general manager of the Ramada Powai Hotel and Convention Centre in Mumbai realised that four pillows, an oil painting and a cutlery set had vanished from one of the deluxe rooms, which had been booked by a long-staying guest. In both cases, it was too late for the hotel officials to do anything -- the culprits were long gone.
Hotels such as the Marriott, Hyatt, Novotel, Movenpick and Ramada are discovering that some guests, including kleptomaniacs - those with the urge to filch something not for personal use or gain - have moved beyond stealing common bathroom essentials and in-room items. They are now nicking the linen, artwork, cutlery, hair dryers, steam irons, coat hangers, tea kettles and rugs.
"Many times when people pay for the room, they are under the impression that everything in the room is for them to take," said Aniket Sarkar, rooms division manager at the Novotel Hyderabad Airport. Sometimes, when they are not given the discounts they expect, they walk off with room items to get the "full value of their stay," he added.
Mini-bars in rooms are another popular target. Some guests replace beverage containers in the mini-bars with water in an attempt to show they haven't consumed them. "Because of this, the mini-bar revenue losses can go anywhere between 20-25%," says Vishal Singh, general manager at the Hyatt in Pune.
Then, there are first-timers checking in, courtesy the air fare wars and flash sales where tariffs are slashed by as much as 50%. Such guests have an 'itch' to take things from a hotel, sometimes for snob value. Thanks to them, the number of items pilfered in hotels has risen to about 30-35% from about 10-15% a year ago, said two hotel executives, who asked not to be identified.
"Disposable incomes have increased and with the kind of tariffs on offer, we have observed several first-timers coming who end up pilfering," says Vinesh Gupta, general manager at Movenpick Hotel in Bengaluru.
Sarkar of Novotel Hyderabad Airport explained that the hotel loses an average of 3-5 pieces each of hair dryers, tea kettles, steam irons and coat hangers every month. Pallav Singhal, director of food and beverages at the JW Marriott in Chandigarh, says about 10 towels - each costing 1,500-2,000 - are stolen every month.
Singhal added that guests pocket expensive cutlery and crockery items like plates, spoons and bowls, which are used to serve food for in-room dining. "Replacing a single piece of crockery is difficult as most of it is imported, so we often have to order the entire set, which becomes very expensive," says Singhal.
Theft in hotels has gone beyond first-timers, cutlery and rooms. Some tech savvy customers have stolen i-Pod docking stations. Certain guests pick up smaller crockery items from the dining area, while some filch aroma oil diffusers kept in the common areas.
"Usually, housekeeping is the eyes and ears for us and they keep a check on these activities," says Nick Dumbell, general manager at Bengaluru Marriott Hotel Whitefield.
Hotel executives are finding new ways to curb theft. Movenpick Hotel in Bengaluru has removed the brand and logo from toiletry to make them less attractive.
Nischint Pathania, general manager at Ramada Powai Hotel and Convention Centre, says the hotel removes mini-bars from rooms booked for group events such as meetings, conferences and exhibitions to arrest pilferage.
FEATURED ARTICLES

"Services sector stagnated in Oct""Services sector stagnated in Oct"
Crisil thinks cutting repo rate now may be prematureCrisil thinks cutting repo rate now may be premature
U.S. stocks rise on jobs data  election results; Dow gains 0.58%U.S. stocks rise on jobs data  election results; Dow gains 0.58%
Dow  S&P at record  Tesla soars on resultsDow  S&P at record  Tesla soars on results
New spaceship restoring hope after Virgin Galactic crashNew spaceship restoring hope after Virgin Galactic crash
Sick PSU sell-off  reforms top of Arun Jaitley s mindSick PSU sell-off  reforms top of Arun Jaitley s mind
PRECIOUS-Gold  silver near 4-1/2 year lows as dollar strength bitesPRECIOUS-Gold  silver near 4-1/2 year lows as dollar strength bites
Asian shares firm  dollar rides high on Wall St gainsAsian shares firm  dollar rides high on Wall St gains
Valley erupts in protest over deaths in Army firingUpdated: November 5, 2014 11:12 IST
Valley erupts in protest over deaths in Army firing
Zahid Rafiq
Tweet
Kashmiris mourn the two boys who died in the firing at Nowgam, on Tuesday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
The Hindu Security personnel stand guard on a road during a curfew imposed by authorities in Nowgam on Tuesday. Two civilians belonging to Nowgam district were killed and two other injured when Army opened fire on the vehicle they were travelling at Chatergam in Budgam district on Monday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
The Hindu Kashmiri women mourn during the funeral procession of Mehraj-u-Din Dar and Faisal Yousf Bhat, killed in an Army ambush, in Nowgam on Tuesday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
crime, law and justice
Curfew imposed in several parts of Srinagar
Anger over the killing of two schoolboys in Army firing on Monday evening spilled over to the streets on Tuesday with stone-throwing protesters clashing with the police, forcing the authorities to clamp curfew in several parts of downtown Srinagar.
In Nowgam, the home of the slain boys, clashes took place through the day.
Senior district administration officials said curfew was imposed in Khanyar, Nowhatta, Mahraj Gunj, Rainawari, Safakadal and Nowgam and there was palpable tension throughout the city.
The two boys who died were identified as Faisal and Mehrajuddin. Faisal was studying in class VII. He had gone out in his father’s car to buy curtains for the hall where the family was planning a party on Sunday. “Faisal met his neighbourhood friends and all of them decided to go to Chattargam for a while to watch Marsiya (mourning on Muharram). Then the Army killed him,” says Faisal’s cousin, Jan Muzaffar.
According to one of the boys, who escaped unhurt, their car brushed against a tipper truck on their way to Chattargam and were afraid that the driver would catch hold of them and beat them up. “They drove fast fearing the tipper truck driver and missed the Army signal to stop and they [the Army] killed them for it,” says Mohammad Sami, a shopkeeper outside Faisal’s home. “I saw him when he left home and then when they brought his body today, I couldn’t recognise him.” Faisal’s brother, Faizan (9) could not understand why the Army did not shoot at the tyres of the car if they wanted to stop the vehicle. “Why did they shoot at the windows,” he wondered.
Defence Minister Arun Jaitely said a fair inquiry would be held and action taken against those found guilty.
Images from the Valley:

Apple Pay Will Change How You Purchase!reddit
Over the years I have written about the transition from using credit cards as we know them to using our smart phone as an e-wallet at the checkout counter.
So far in the U.S., this transition has been slow. For example, Google Wallet launched in 2011 with a Sprint Nexus S handset followed by a number of additional handsets, but the results have not resulted in a consumer shift to an e-wallet as of this date.
As Apple launches Apple Pay, we have to ask, "Will Apple be able to initiate the revolution where others have failed?" Apple has already sold 10 million new iPhones, so there are plenty of consumers with e-wallet capabilities. And Apple has shown that they can launch game-changing tools when you consider how they redefined what a smart phone is, what a tablet is, how we purchase and listen to music, and much more.
What is so different about Apple Pay that will launch mobile payments?
Let's start with security. Apple's built-in fingerprint reader was introduced on the iPhone 5S over a year ago and is now on both the iPhone 6, 6Plus, as well as the new iPads. Shoppers wishing to make a purchase will move their phone close to the payment kiosk so the near-field communications (NFC) chip can create a wireless connection to their phone, and they will then use their fingerprint to confirm the purchase. Apple states that this will make the purchase more secure than using a credit card. After all, giving a waiter (or anyone who processes your payment) your credit card where they can easily copy your credit card number and security code isn't exactly the best security practice, but we all do it.
It is important to note that hackers have shown that it is possible to make a fake finger, and after some James Bond-like effort in getting a copy of your fingerprint they can get it to work on the fingerprint reader. However, this takes a lot of effort and it will be hard to do this to millions of smart phones at a time as hackers have shown they can do by stealing credit card numbers form large retailers recently. Additionally, when I put on my futurist hat and use predictable Hard Trends, it is easy to see that you will soon be using your face, voice, and other biometrics to make sure you are you, depending on the level of security needed.  After all, our smart phones are already capable of capturing these additional biometrics. And, in the not to distant future, you will be using the blood vessel pattern under your finger to identify you, which is even better than a fingerprint.
The game-changing feature of Apple Pay is that the actual transaction does not transmit the credit card number or any of your personal information to the retailer during the transaction. Instead, Apple Pay creates a unique payment ID for each transaction, and the retailer only sees the approval and the amount of the purchase. This effectively sidesteps the problem of you loosing your credit card information if the retailer is hacked. As with other game-changing products and services Apple has launched in the past, this feature will be adopted and adapted by the competition and the e-wallet will finally take off in a big way.
Helping Apple Pay succeed is the fact that Apple has a large number of retailers, including Staples, McDonald's, Macy's, Disney, Walgreens, Whole Foods, and over 220,000 additional retail locations, who have the equipment in place to let you use your iPhone 6 or 6 Plus to make a purchase. No doubt that many more will be signing up every day as the e-wallet revolution spreads.
Finally, another flexible aspect to Apple Pay is that you can use a wide variety of credit cards, including Visa, American Express, MasterCard, Chase, Citi, Capital One, and Bank of America. You can also use your debit cards.
So will Apple Pay drive the big shift in consumer payments? Knowing that Google, as well as the cell phone companies, have already entered this field and are now joined by Apple with their system of increased privacy and security along with their large and rapidly growing iPhone 6 sales figures, I would say the big shift is now under way.
In the near future we will still have and use credit cards just as we still carry and use cash, but due to the large number of credit card numbers that have been stolen from a growing list of major retailers, most of us will prefer to use our smart phones when we make a purchase.
What are your thoughts about Apple Pay? Please share your thoughts so we can all learn together.
Follow Daniel Burrus on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DanielBurrus
More:

Drug-resistant malaria: replaying an Asia Pacific nightmareAP India may serve as a springboard for a new global malaria crisis if artemisinin fails.
TOPICS
malaria
Resistance to artemisinin drug is emerging in precisely the same part of the world where chloroquine lost its potency
It is a nightmare that still haunts malaria experts. Some 40 years ago in Southeast Asia, malaria began to develop resistance to chloroquine, the drug that for years had helped keep the disease at bay. Before long, resistance to chloroquine had spread into India, and then went on to ravage Africa before setting off a global malaria outbreak. Years of gains in the fight against malaria were reversed as the number of deaths spiked around the world. Experts are now warning that history may be about to repeat itself.
With what feels like an unnerving déjà vu, resistance to artemisinin — the current mainstay of malaria treatment worldwide — is emerging in precisely the same part of the world as chloroquine lost its potency. Signs of resistance to artemisinin were first detected in western Cambodia in 2006, and since then the problem has also been detected in Laos, Myanmar, Thailand and Viet Nam.
Intense efforts are underway to contain the growing problem, but identification of resistant parasites in eastern Myanmar, more than 1,000 kilometres away from ‘ground zero’ in Cambodia, has heightened concerns that India may be next.
Since 2005, India’s front line of defence against malaria has been artemisinin combination therapies, which combine the fast-acting qualities of artemisinin with one of several longer-lasting drugs. Should artemisinin fail, malaria could resurge: India would likely not only serve as a springboard for a new global malaria crisis, but the country’s people and health system would take a body blow. Sickness and deaths would multiply.
On top of this, India’s stellar economic growth of recent years could be trimmed by loss of production, side-lined manpower and the extra cost of fighting infection. Bangladesh, which is also potentially at risk, would face similar challenges.
India has built up a vast health infrastructure at primary, secondary and tertiary care levels. Its strengths are a well-developed administrative system, good technical skills in multiple fields, including malaria, and a remarkable network of public health institutions for research, training and diagnostics.
But a rapidly growing population and near-static levels of public health expenditure have left the public health system fragile. The problems are particularly acute in remote areas far from the major cities, where inadequate access to health care places a disproportionate burden on the poor, women and ethnic minorities.
It is in these same hard-to-reach areas that fighting malaria is proving most difficult. A lack of health workers and laboratory technicians, compounded by shortage of malaria inspectors, is affecting surveillance and service delivery, and is leaving experts unsure about the true state of affairs. What is certain is the fact that in poor communities, malaria is a debilitating affliction, trapping its victims in a vicious downward cycle of poverty, sickness, loss of income and more poverty.
India is under siege, and it knows that it cannot fight the threat of artemisinin resistance at its borders. Just as Ebola has to be tackled at its source in west Africa, so the focus of the malaria effort must be to ensure that resistant parasites do not break out of the handful of countries where, for now, they are known to be located.
This is why India, besides playing a leading role in a host of regional and global initiatives, is deeply involved in the work of the newly formed Asia Pacific Malaria Leaders Alliance, which brings together heads of government committed to battling malaria, with the Manila-based Asian Development Bank as its secretariat.
India’s Health Secretary, Lov Verma, is co-chair of an Alliance task force devoted to the regulation and distribution of safe malaria medicines and other products. Given India’s role as a major manufacturer of generic drugs, there is probably no one better placed to oversee this crucial element of malaria control. Malaria is treatable and beatable, but the threat from a worldwide resurgence of the disease is growing.
Asia must launch an urgent all-out offensive against the disease and against resistance — or risk suffering the same nightmare and its consequences as 40 years ago.
Dr. BENJAMIN ROLFE

Godrej Consumer to create spl unit for e-com...Cinthol Confidence Plus
(I don't think we can unequivocally…)
Godrej Consumer Products is creating a separate trade channel for e-commerce, becoming the first consumer products company to have a dedicated unit for online sales in India, its managing director Vivek Gambhir says. The maker of Cinthol soap and Good Knight mosquito repellent, which is implementing an integrated solution to monitor and optimise trade spends, targets to become a Rs 30,000-crore company by 2020, Gambhir told ET's Sagar Malviya in an exclusive interview. Edited excerpts:
Are you satisfied with your low sales growth in India this quarter?
While we are not happy with the sales growth, I think we are seeing some encouraging signs that give us some confidence in saying that probably the worst is over and some of the environmental indicators now seem to be trending in the right direction.
I don't think we can unequivocally say that we are out of the woods, but what's giving us some confidence is that, clearly the indicators seem to be heading in the right direction. I think some of the deceleration in growth probably has come down to its low point and hopefully with the economic environment improving, at least our hope is that now we will start seeing a recovery.
Is there any category that dragged your overall sales growth?
What dragged things the most was insecticides. Insecticides are fairly highly co-related with rainfall patterns.
Because of a high correlation in this rainfall patterns and because monsoons was both delayed and deficient, that actually had a very significant impact. So as a whole, the category grew about 1 per cent or so and our insecticide sales grew only about 2 per cent. And this segment is about nearly half of our business in India. Had the monsoons not done this way, it would have been a much better quarter for us.
So what will drive your sales going forward?
One of the things clearly is to look at white spaces in, say, the personal wash category, and within these white spaces, try and broaden our portfolio. Couple of months ago, we've launched Cinthol Confidence Plus as we really weren't playing in the 'germ protection' segment in a big way. Face wash is now a Rs 1,600-crore category, almost 10 per cent of the bar soap market and growing at about 30 per cent. So next week, we will launch Godrej No. 1 Face Wash, foraying into this market.
But isn't it a highly competitive market?
Through compelling packaging and a disruptive pricing format we hope to democratise face wash now because it has reached a critical mass. We are launching it at a very disruptive price point and we will also launch a multi-use sachet at Rs 10.
So this will be the first multi-use sachet for face wash and even our tubes will be priced about 30 per cent lower than comparable face washes in the market. This is the right time for us to democratise this category as well.
Isn't it a risky strategy to launch products in a downturn?
In the last six months, we had six launches. What's been good is that Expert Creme now is the largest selling hair creme in the country. And Good Knight Fast Card, in 11 months, has crossed Rs 100 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Greece sees investments as economic crisis  way outGreece sees investments as economic crisis  way out
Virgin Galactic looks to resume tests in 201...You are here: Home > Collections
Virgin Galactic looks to resume tests in 2015: CEO
Nov 6, 2014, 07.19AM IST
(The sleek composite shell…)
ALBUQUERQUE: The space tourism company that suffered a tragic setback when its experimental rocket-powered spaceship broke apart over the California desert could resume test flights as early as next summer if it can finish building a replacement craft, its CEO said Wednesday.
The sleek composite shell and tail section of the new craft is sitting inside the company's manufacturing facility in Mojave, California.
It's beginning to look like a spaceship, but Virgin Galactic CEO George Whitesides said there's much work to be done, from relatively simple things such as installing windows to the more complex fitting of flight controls and other wiring.
The ship, called SpaceShipTwo Serial No. 2, will replace one that was destroyed last week after its feathering system that controls descent deployed prematurely and aerodynamic forces ripped it apart, killing the co-pilot and seriously injuring the pilot.
In the wake of the accident, workers have focused on building the new ship.
``That's provided some solace to all of us, and I think there's sort of a therapeutic benefit to folks to be able to put their energies into constructive work,'' Whitesides told The Associated Press in a telephone interview.
He said the company will be able to continue flying its mother ship _ the much larger jet-powered plane that launches the rocket ship at higher altitudes _ while federal investigators look into the cause of the deadly crash with the company's cooperation.
It's possible that test flights for the next spaceship could begin within six months, before the investigation is scheduled to conclude, Whitesides said.
Virgin Galactic has an experimental permit from the Federal Aviation Administration to test its spacecraft. Just last month, the company had received approval from the agency to resume rocket-powered flights.
The National Transportation Safety Board said there's nothing preventing Virgin from continuing to fly, but it wasn't immediately clear if the company would have to file another request with the FAA under its existing permit to start rocket-powered flights when the new ship is ready next year.
Speculation continues about how far the accident will push back the day when Virgin Galactic's paying customers can routinely rocket from a $219 million spaceport in the New Mexico desert toward the edge of space for a fleeting feeling of weightlessness and a breathtaking view.
Whitesides said the accident has been tough on many levels, but he said the company does not have to start from scratch.
``There was no question it was a tragic setback, but it's one from which we can recover,'' he said. ``With Serial No. 2, we'll be putting a stronger, even better ship into initial commercial service and I think we'll be able to get back into test flights soon and carry forward.''
Virgin Galactic envisions flights with six passengers climbing more than 62 miles (99 kilometers) above Earth. Seats sell for $250,000, and the company says it has booked passengers including Justin Bieber, Ashton Kutcher and Russell Brand. A few more passengers signed on this week, Whitesides said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rajnath Singh arrives in Israel to boost bilateral tiesTel Aviv, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 23:29 IST
Rajnath for strengthening ties with Israel
PTI
Home Minister Rajnath Singh with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at a meeting in Jerusalem on Thursday. Photo:PTI
TOPICS
Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Thursday met Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and held discussions to strengthen India’s “very warm” relations with the Jewish state.
Welcoming Mr. Singh, Mr. Netanyahu said, “Indians and Israelis share the combination of ingenuity and continuity.”
The Home Minister, who is here for his first bilateral visit, earlier tweeted, “India and Israel share very warm & cordial bilateral relations. We look forward to strengthen it further.”
Mr. Singh started his Israel visit by visiting Holy sites in the old city of Jerusalem.
The Home Minister then left for a helicopter tour of the Jordan Valley and Israel’s northern and southern region with Israel’s National Security Adviser Yossi Cohen.
“India is a very important ally for us and we view the Home Minister’s visit as very significant,” a senior Israeli official said.

Jaitley promises more reforms  divestment of loss-making PSUsJaitley promises more reforms  divestment of loss-making PSUs
Asian Shares Firm  Dollar Rides High on Wall Street GainsAsian Shares Firm  Dollar Rides High on Wall Street Gains
Nasdaq wins bid to manage key data processor for stock tradingNasdaq wins bid to manage key data processor for stock trading
Oil swoons as oversupply fears extend losses; Brent touches 4-yearlowMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Oil markets retreated from multi-year lows on Tuesday but still fell more than 2 percent after Saudi Arabia cut export prices to the United States threatening to deepen a global supply glut that has driven prices down 30 percent since June.
U.S. crude futures settled down $1.59 at $77.19 after reaching the lowest intraday price since October 2011 in the morning.
The price of Brent for next-month delivery settled down $1.96 at $82.82 after touching its lowest point since October 2010.
Refined product stocks jumped last week, surprising those analysts who expected declines, according to data from the American Petroleum Institute released on Tuesday after oil prices settled. Distillate fuels stockpiles rose by 155,000 barrels instead of the 1.8-million-barrel drop predicted in a Reuters poll of analysts. Gasoline stocks rose by 240,000 barrels despite an expected 400,000 barrel increase.
U.S. crude stocks fell 639,000 barrels last week to 374.9 million in the wake of the revved-up refinery output.
On Monday, Saudi Arabia surprised the market by raising prices for Asia and Europe but cutting prices for U.S. customers. Oil slid as much as $2 a barrel in late trade, and the sell-off continued Tuesday, triggering technical sell-stops.
“The Saudis have basically declared war on the U.S. oil producers,” said Phil Flynn at Price Futures Group. “I think they believe that the only way they’re going to survive in the long term is to break the market in the short term.”
On Monday, longer-dated oil futures became more expensive than near-term contracts, putting charts into a contango structure for the first time since Jan. 17. The futures curve left contango in the afternoon, and the spread between December and January contracts stood at 2 cents at 4:48 p.m. EST (2148 GMT).
NO OPEC CONSENSUS
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC)  meets Nov. 27, but there are no clear signs whether it will curb output.
The United Arab Emirates oil minister said the country is “not panicking”. Venezuela and Ecuador have said they are working on a joint proposal to defend oil prices.
“I can see OPEC and Saudi Arabia playing the long game. A low price for a period of time may actually play into the hands of people with a lot of reserves in the ground at cheap cost,” Pierre Lorinet, chief financial officer of Trafigura, said at the Reuters Global Commodities Summit.
Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi has not commented publicly on the oil market since September. On Wednesday, he will meet Venezuela’s foreign minister Rafael Ramirez, also the head of its OPEC delegation, according to a person close to the Saudi delegation.
TAGS: Brent Crude Oil Price Oil Production
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

CEO of Second Chancesreddit
Lynn Tilton is one of the few self-made female billionaires in the country. As the founder of Patriarch Partners, she manages 75 different companies, serving as CEO for a handful of them. Her firm's revenues? More than $8 billion. I met her recently, through my wife Barbara, who is a board member of the International Tennis Hall of Fame. They were honoring Lynn with a special achievement award. I was delighted by her grit and intelligence and her devotion to preserving and growing jobs in the U.S. No one would have guessed she'd end up where she is now.
As a teen growing up in the Bronx, her ambitions were far more modest: she wanted to play tennis competitively, so she honed her serve by booking time at tennis courts when she could afford it, between midnight and 2 a.m. Her skills and her innate brain power got her onto the team at Yale where she chose a degree in American Studies, hoping it would turn her into an accomplished poet. In close succession, her father died, she married her high-school sweetheart and gave birth to a daughter. The realities of life and death hit hard -- poetry was not a survival strategy. She fell under the spell of numbers: specifically strings of numbers that began with a dollar sign.
Her rise was fairly swift: she took a low-paying job as an analyst at Morgan Stanley, but decided to go to Columbia for an M.B.A. while running three separate restaurants, putting in 100-hour weeks. At this point, having separated from her husband, she was a 25-year-old single mother. Her daughter, Carly, was two years old. Once out of Columbia she began earning the money she needed, with nearly a decade at various investment banks, learning the finer points of leverage buyouts, distressed debt and distressed assets. In the process, she became financially independent and could have retired to play tennis and compose sonnets, but she didn't. Eventually, using the $10 million she'd saved and having learned how to buy and restructure companies that were on the verge of dissolution, she founded her own holding company, Papillon Partners. She changed the name to Patriarch Partners in 2000, in honor of the patriarch she admired most, her father.
She dedicated herself to saving companies, not raiding them. Now, 14 years later, at the age of 55, she runs an organization that has rescued more than half a million American jobs by finding bargains on companies about to go under and, essentially, refusing to put profit over people. She preserves and grows jobs by reorganizing these companies rather than stripping and flipping firms for a quick profit.
One of the first companies she bought was MD Helicopter, founded by Howard Hughes.  She seems especially proud of having brought it back to life and she ought to be. She employs 500 with the majority working here in the U.S. She told Bloomberg Business Week that the company had shrunk to 30 workers when her firm purchased it. In 2005, the company manufactured only seven helicopters, but through her guidance was made 52 in 2008. It's thriving, and has given her entrée and influence from Kurdistan to Jordan. She's met with the king of Jordan twice and a Saudi general, visiting the U.S., once told her she should run for President. Jordan, Korea, Japan, Italy, Chile, Mexico and Finland all own her company's helicopters.
What's crucial about her approach is that she's succeeding by saving or creating jobs. As her website sums it up: "Since 2000, Ms. Tilton and Patriarch Partners through its affiliated funds have committed to debt and equity investments and provided operational and strategic expertise to more than 240 companies, representing more than $100 billion in combined revenues, thus preserving more than 675,000 American jobs that would have otherwise been lost through liquidations."
We all need to think the way Tilton does. The purpose of business isn't simply shareholder value: it's a matrix of outcomes, not only for owners and shareholders, but also for employees and customers, communities and environment. Tilton recognizes a company for what it is: an ecosystem that becomes productive and alive and profitable only when all those stakeholders win. A company has to benefit everything and everyone it touches. First and foremost are its employees. Their lives depend on being able to earn a fair wage, and our economy depends on their ability to keep earning those wages. Tilton is doing her part to keep our economic recovery alive and gaining momentum. Would that all CEOs would preserve and grow jobs as devotedly as she does.
Peter Georgescu is the author of The Constant Choice. He can be found at Good Reads .
Follow Peter A. Georgescu on Twitter: www.twitter.com/petergeorgescu
More:

Financial Tech in Pact to Exit IEX by Selling Stake for Rs 576 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Financial Tech in Pact to Exit IEX by Selling Stake for Rs 576 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 00:22 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) said on Wednesday that it will fully exit IEX by selling its entire stake to a clutch of investors for Rs 576.84 crore.
"FTIL today, entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (SPA) with TVS Shriram Growth Fund 1, S. Gopalkrishnan, Lakshmi Narayanan, Rajeev Gupta, Dalmia Cement Bharat Power Ventures Limited, Kiran Vyapar Limited, TVS Capital Funds Limited, and Agri Power and Engineering Solutions Private Limited for sale of 25.64 per cent equity stake on a fully diluted basis in IEX for an aggregate consideration of Rs. 576.84 crore," a company statement said.
In the wake of a Rs 5,600-crore payment scam at National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL), the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) had directed Jigesh Shah-led FTIL to completely exit from IEX, the country's leading power exchange with an over 95 per cent market share.
NSEL is a group firm of Financial Technologies.
The transaction is subject to fulfillment of certain condition precedents including buyout of the application software and other technology for its own use only by IEX and regulatory approvals, if any, the statement added.
After completion of the transaction, FTIL said it would have completely exited IEX.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 23:35 (IST)

Airtel Calls Off Rs. 700-Cr Loop Mobile DealBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Telecom major Bharti Airtel on Wednesday called off a deal worth Rs 700 crore to acquire the business and assets of Mumbai-based Loop Mobile as the Department of Telecom (DoT) is yet to clear the transaction announced in February.
With this development, Loop Mobile will not be able to migrate its 17 lakh subscribers to Airtel as envisaged earlier.
Airtel in a filing to BSE said its proposed transaction related to Loop was conditional upon DoT approvals which had not been received till date.
"In light of this update and the fact that Loop's mobile license is to expire at the end of this month, we have decided to terminate the discussions with regard to the transaction for acquiring subscribers of Loop. A formal communication to this effect has been released to Loop at 05:19 PM today," Airtel said in a statement.
Khaitan group-promoted Loop Mobile suffered a setback when the Supreme Court cancelled the pan-India permit of its sister concern Loop Telecom as part of quashing 122 telecom licences in February 2012.
The apex court's order, however, did not apply to Loop Mobile's Mumbai licence that is expiring on November 29. The company also did not purchase spectrum in auction held in February this year which was mandatory for continuing its operations.
A Loop Mobile spokesperson told PTI, "Loop Mobile and Bharti applied to the DoT for approval of the business transfer in March 2014. The approval for the transaction is still awaited from the relevant authorities as a result of which Bharti Airtel has withdrawn from the proposed transaction causing huge loss to the company (Loop)."
DoT is yet to give clearance to the proposed deal as it estimates that Loop Mobile and its sister concern Loop Telecom owe about Rs 808 crore in spectrum and other charges to the government.
Private sector lender Axis Bank has also told the DoT that Rs 215-crore loan to Loop Mobile will be at risk if the deal of the Mumbai-based operator to sell its assets to Bharti Airtel is not approved.
Airtel had signed the deal with Loop in February this year to buy business and assets of Loop Mobile in Mumbai under a strategic agreement for about Rs 700 crore.
Under the agreement, Loop Mobile's 3 million subscribers (at that time) in Mumbai were supposed to join Airtel's over 4 million subscribers, which would have made it largest network in the metropolitan city.
Shares in Bharti Airtel, on Wednesday, ended at Rs 385.30 apiece on the BSE , down nearly 3 per cent from the previous close.
To a particular query by BSE on the fall in stock price, Airtel said it has complied with disclosure obligations and is "not aware of any information which could explain the movement in trading of shares as mentioned in the aforesaid email".
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 14:57 (IST)

Raising a toast for outsiders in Gujarat now...Hospitality industry in Gujarat welcomes drinking permits to those from outside the state
Shramana Ganguly & DP Bhattacharya, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 04.19AM IST
Tags:
gandhinagar
(The Grand Bhagwati (TGB),…)
AHMEDABAD: In dry Gujarat, finding a drop isn't all that difficult. But it's different when the state hosts conventions attended by guests from overseas — getting permission for a lawabiding tipple can be a bureaucratic headache. That's about to change.
From this week, hotels with liquor licences can issue drinking 'permits' to those from outside the state, a move that's been welcomed by the hospitality industry as it gears up for an expected influx of visitors at the Vibrant Gujarat investor summit and the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas, both being held in January.
"Paperwork remains the same but processes have been eased — cheers to that!" said Narendra Somani, chairman and managing director of TGB Banquets and Hotels and president of the Hotel and Restaurants Association of Gujarat .
The Grand Bhagwati (TGB), Somani's flagship property, was recently given a liquor licence along with three others, taking number of such hotels to nine in Ahmedabad. No liquor permits had been issued to any shop or hotel in the state since 2008. Gujarat now has a little over 30 licenced liquor outlets.
Those who don't want to be teetotallers during their stay can now email their ID and residence proofs to the hotels and a three-day alcohol permit will be waiting for them along with their welcome drink, Somani said. TGB will appoint a senior executive to scan applications and issue permits by this weekend, he said.
Locals who'd like to taste the strong stuff will still need to get a prescription from a government medical officer stating that alcohol is essential to their well-being. Those with permits in the state have given reasons such as depression, kidney stones or stress. Hotels can now issue annual permits to them based on such prescriptions.
The system that prevailed up until last month was prone to stressful delays. Officers of the state prohibition department would be deputed at hotels to issue the permits, leading to long queues and a buildup in anxiety levels among guests. "The process to relax just got less cumbersome," said Behram Mehta, owner of the Aava natural water brand, referring to the change in the process.
But this doesn't mean any relaxation in prohibition by any means, said state finance minister Saurabh Patel. "There will be no laxity in issuing liquor permits to visitors," he said. "It is not that we would open special counters for them. It is just that we are bringing in good governance in the existing policy."
The Pravasi Bharatiya Divas will be hosted at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar on January 7-9 to coincide with the 100th anniversary of the return to India from South Africa of Mahatma Gandhi in 1915.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why mobile is next target of cyber-attackCalifornia
(Its job is to ensure that…)
With computers giving way to mobiles, offline to online, local to cloud, the $80 billion business of technology security is tracing a similar arc. Developers, including 50 startups in India, are eyeing niches and the mobile, reports Shelley Singh.
Data is a weapon, a competitive advantage, and ShieldSquare, a Bangalore-based start-up, ensures it stays that way for its e-commerce clients, a list that includes marriage portal shaadi.com, and real estate portals magicbricks.com and indiaproperties.com. While thousands of users trawl through the data on these sites, a ShieldSquare software whirrs away in the background, its client's data interests in mind.
Its job is to ensure that no one is picking off data — like customer marriage profiles, properties for rent — on a wholesale basis from its client's website. "We are into content protection: we ensure nobody is scraping data from our customer's site," says 29-year-old Pavan Thatha, founder-CEO of ShieldSquare. "What Norton, Kaspersky, Quick Heal are for anti-virus on desktops, we are for scrapping."
In the vast landscape of technology and data security, ShieldSquare — founded in 2013 and backed by Rs 2 crore from Samir Sood, former head of M&A and investments for Google in South Asia — is playing in a small corner, a niche. There are many more like it in the Indian technology-security market.
About 50-odd, according to Data Security Council of India (DSCI), a subgrouping of industry grouping Nasscom, and three-fourths of them birthed in the past two to four years. So, for example, Pawaa Software has a product that secures document sharing among devices.
IndusFace has a security product that only monitors mobile apps and checks for bugs. InstaSafe offers encryption services for data in transit. CloudCodes focuses on security for Google apps.
"About $25 million of angel and venture money has gone into security start-ups in the last couple of years," says Vinayak Godse, director, DSCI. "There has been a spurt in start-ups in this area as threats have gone up and we are more connected today than ever before, multiplying risks. The consequent security market opportunity is also bigger."
According to research firm Gartner, technology security is a $80 billion business globally, growing at 7%-8% a year. In India, growing at 8% a year, it will cross $1 billion in 2015. The market comprises security software, hardware and services.
It's a market dominated by large players like Symantec, McAfee, Norton and Kaspersky, but smaller players are addressing niches in computing and the mobile to become relevant.
"The hope is that someday, we will be bought by a Symantec or a McAfee," says the promoter of a startup, not wanting to be named.
From PC To Mobile
Given the work they are trying to do, they might. Even large companies have grown by buying great products and applying their marketing might to them. The adversary is such that this process never stops.
The network has expanded: from standalone computers to desktop internet and mobile internet. So have the ambitions and target area of malicious code writers.
Computer viruses, which started as friendly competition among engineers, now wreak havoc, from crippling state utilities to cheating individual smartphone users.
 
Kevin Mandia, senior vice-president & COO of FireEye, a $200 million firm based in California, says we are in the fifth generation of the attack landscape. The first, before 1993, was on Unix machines, where engineers sitting in their basements targeted their colleagues for fun. The second stage, between 1993 and 1998, targeted servers. "In this stage, intrusion was not only a technical issue but also a business issue as there was loss of money," says Mandia.
The third stage, between 1998 and 2003, saw the landscape of attacks become more global: Microsoft Windows servers were targeted, with users receiving mails like asking them to make a small deposit to receive the lottery prize they won. "The past decade has seen an attempt to monetise malware-like mails," says Vinoo Thomas, senior product manager of McAfee. Stage four, between 2003 and 2013, saw the emergence of cyber crime and cyber espionage. And now, in stage five, it's mobile networks and users who are being targeted via malicious apps.
"The threat vectors have multiplied in the smartphone era and that's a completely new challenge," says Kalyan Kumar, senior vice-president & chief technologist, infrastructure services, HCL Technologies. Today, on your smartphone, you use a browser and apps (bank, cab service, shopping), download music, pay bills and do social networking, among other things. Attackers can come in from any of these via a malicious app — an e-mail offering a job, file sharing, or a bug residing on the phone tracking your social media usage — to understand your behaviour. "It's like pick pocketing your wallet," adds Kumar.

Ebola treatment centre opens in Sierra LeoneEbola treatment centre opens in Sierra Leone
Gold hits 4-year lows on upbeat U.S. private-sector jobs reportGold hits 4-year lows on upbeat U.S. private-sector jobs report
Goldman  CLSA  Credit Suisse join the hunt for India s AlibabaCentrum Wealth Management
(Online shopping in India…)
MUMBAI: As the Indian e-commerce story begins to play out and the hunt is on to find India's next Alibaba, brokerage houses are quickly doing a mid-course correction and rushing to cover e-commerce stocks such as Just Dial and Info Edge.
Foreign brokerages such as Goldman Sachs , CLSA , Credit Suisse , HSBC , JPMorgan and UBS have all started tracking these stocks, as they sense the potential of the e-commerce space, and its big-bang impact on Dalal Street .
Sample this: last July, only three brokerage houses were covering Just Dial, which has jumped to 23 at present, even as the stock has surged nearly three times since its listing in June 2013. Similarly, Info Edge is currently tracked by 24 brokerage houses, against 16 in July last, while the stock has jumped 120 per cent in one year, according to Bloomberg data.
"The e-commerce space is the next big emerging theme in the markets, and brokerage houses don't want to miss the bus. We expect many success stories to unfold in the listed space, and currently we are at the beginning of an e-commerce boom," Kunj Bansal, ED and chief investment officer at Centrum Wealth Management , said.
Analysts believe that in the e-commerce space, there are multiple enablers for explosive growth, including a rapidly growing number of internet users, steady rise in the proportion of online shoppers within the internet community, growth in the per-shopper transaction value, and continuous flow of capital investments, making these firms attractive bets.
"The money which has been raised by Flipkart and Snapdeal has grabbed everybody's attention. The trend of online shopping by Indian retailers hold great promise in the e-commerce space," said Dipen Shah, head — private client group research, Kotak Securities .
Online shopping in India of physical goods is estimated to reach around $4 billion in 2014, and will multiply by over 11 times to hit $45 billion by 2020, according to MOSL report. "We have initiated coverage on Info Edge with a buy rating and price target of Rs 1,100, as we see the company in direct and high quality play on the exploding e-commerce opportunity," said Rajat Rajgarhia, managing director — institutional equities at Motilal Oswal Securities .
One of the reasons why brokerages are gung-ho is India's growing internet population, which is estimated to grow to 400 million by 2016, making it the second largest in the world.
"On Just Dial, we have a buy recommendation with a target price of Rs 1,800, as the company is the leader in local search engines with a strong e-commerce presence, which is a winning formula," Rajgarhia added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New Zealand paper recreates  catcalling experiment ; results will amaze youprint
After a street harassment video of a woman walking around New York's Manhattan area for over 10 hours became viral, a New Zealand newspaper conducted a similar experiment on the streets of Auckland. And the results surprised everybody.
New Zealand Herald hired model Nicola Simpson to walk around the country's largest city. She walked and walked, and walked some more.
But unlike the New York video experiment which was carried out by anti-harassment organisation Hollaback, where the woman was catcalled, verbally harassed and followed even over 100 times, the hired model in Auckland was not.
Not even once.
She was, however, stopped by two men. The first man asked her if she was Italian and said she looks nice. He sounded European, and later apologized for stopping her. The second man… well, he was just asking for directions.
However, this is not necessarily indicative of all women's experiences there, but is a refreshing change from the New York video.

Goa CM Manohar Parrikar tipped for defence in cabinet rejigGoa CM Manohar Parrikar tipped for defence portfolio in cabinet rejig
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 21:03 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 09:52 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Narendra Modi will likely reshuffle and expand his council of ministers on Sunday, with Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar tipped to get the key defence portfolio and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi set to return as a cabinet minister.
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar (L) took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. (Sameer Sehgal/HT File Photo)
The long-awaited revamp of the team that has ruled India since late May will lighten the burden on some ministers who hold more than one portfolio and give the Prime Minister a chance to promote high achievers while getting rid of a few who have failed to keep pace, government and BJP sources said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, who holds additional charge of the defence portfolio, had said early in his tenure that this was only a temporary arrangement.  The 58-year-old Parrikar flew to Delhi early on Wednesday after cancelling a meeting of his state cabinet, and met BJP chief Amit Shah and, later in the day, Modi.
 
“The Prime Minister did not talk about my joining the cabinet; we discussed Goa issues,” he said after meeting Modi. The likely move of the well-regarded chief minister to Delhi will leave the BJP with a big hole to plug in Goa, and party leaders were in discussions about his replacement.
Naqvi, minister of state in the Vajpayee government, is likely to become minister in charge of statistics and planning, the sources said.  His entry will provide the cabinet another prominent Muslim face after minority affairs minister Najma Heptulla.
Jayant Sinha, who holds a Harvard MBA and is the son of former finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is likely to be inducted as minister of state (MoS), either in the defence or finance ministry. Nirmala Sitharaman may be promoted from MoS to cabinet minister, likely in charge of the commerce and industry ministry, and give up her current additional role as MoS in the finance ministry.
Haryana leader Birender Singh, who had crossed over from the Congress to the BJP ahead of the Haryana assembly election, is understood to be in contention for a berth in the council of ministers and is likely to get independent charge of a ministry.
 
BJP youth wing chief Anu-rag Thakur, a Lok Sabha MP from Himachal Pradesh, and Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, who was instrumental in uncovering the coal block scam, are other probable candidates.
Bihar MPs Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a Brahmin, and Giriraj Singh, a Bhumihar, are also said to be serious contenders for a place in the council of ministers.  MPs from Uttarakhand and West Bengal may miss the bus again, said sources.
 
Modi is understood to be considering lightening the burden of some ministers holding more than one portfolio. Ravi Shankar Prasad (law, communication & IT), Prakash Javadekar (I&B and environment), Nitin Gadkari (rural development, road transport & highways, panchayati raj and drinking water) and Piyush Goyal (power, coal, new and renewable energy) are among the ministers who hold multiple portfolios.
 
Speculation is also rife about changes in Rail Bhawan and Krishi Bhawan. Given the PM’s motto of “minimum government, maximum governance”, the sources ruled out any large-scale expansion. Modi’s present team includes 22 cabinet ministers and an equal number of MoS.
(with agency inputs)

Obama ready to cooperate with Congress after pollsObama ready to cooperate with Congress after polls
Misbah snatches world record for KallisLATEST PHOTOS
Fastest Test Fifties
Misbah-ul-Haq broke the record for the quickest Test fifty in terms of balls faced. Against Australia in Abu Dhabi on November 2, 2014, the Pakistan smashed one in just 21 balls. Here's a look at other quickest fifties. [ ALSO SEE—Misbah also equalled the record for the fastest Test hundred in the same innings ]
#10 - Bruce Yardley (Australia): 29 balls vs West Indies at Bridgetown, 1977-78
#10 - Bruce Yardley (Australia): 29 balls vs West Indies at Bridgetown, 1977-78
No live matches are in progress.
vs.
Sri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
10 hours ago
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]
India vs Cricket Australia
Thu 4 Dec, 2014 10:44 AM IST
Action images from India's two-day tour game versus Cricket Australia played on December 4 and 5, 2015 at Adelaide. More » India vs Cricket Australia
Tears and tributes flow for Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 1:38 PM IST
Selected quotes from eulogies and tributes to Phillip Hughes on Wednesday as Australia bid farewell to the cricketer at his funeral in his hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
3rd Test: Pakistan vs New Zealand
Sun 30 Nov, 2014 6:08 PM IST
Phil Hughes: Tributes
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 11:59 AM IST
The tragic death of batsman Phil Hughes from a freakish on-field accident brought the entire cricket community together in an immense outpouring of grief. A look at some of the tributes to the deceased.
Sri Lanka vs England, 2nd ODI
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 12:33 PM IST
India train at Adelaide Oval
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 8:53 AM IST
As the cricket universe struggled for composure in the aftermath of Phil Hughes shocking passing away, the Indians moved to the Adelaide Oval, the venue of their cancelled tour game, for a practice session on November 29, 2014. More » India train at Adelaide Oval
Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 4th ODI
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 5:07 PM IST
Remembering Phil Hughes
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 4:19 PM IST
The young Australian batsman would have turned 26 on November 30, 2014. Alas, a freak incident on the field of play on November 25 cut short his life. Here's a look at some pictures from the talented and zestful southpaw's life and times.
Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 11:38 AM IST
Australia cricketer Phillip Hughes passed away on November 27, 2014 in Sydney following a head injury he had incurred in a Sheffield Shield match on November 25. During this game … More » Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Today on Yahoo

Wall Street slips as energy extends recentslideMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
U.S. stocks fell in afternoon trading on Tuesday, with energy shares leading the selloff as crude prices declined for a fourth straight day, adding to global demand worries.
The S&P 500 energy sector was down 2.2 percent, extending the group’s recent drop, the Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF fell 2.3 percent, and Chevron Corp fell 1.3 percent.
U.S. crude oil dropped below $77 a barrel to its lowest level in about three years after Saudi Arabia cut sales prices to the United States. Crude is down more than 30 percent from a recent closing peak and down 7 percent over the past four sessions.
Among other top negative influences, shares of Priceline.com  dropped 8.6 percent, the largest percentage decliner on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, after posting quarterly earnings below Wall Street’s expectations.
Energy has lagged the broader market this year, hit hard by plunging oil prices. The S&P energy index is the only one of the 10 primary sectors to remain negative on the year.
The decline in oil “has an immediate effect on the energy sector, of course, but it also has implications for the broader market, reflecting a lack of demand,” said John Kosar, director of research with Asbury Research in Chicago. “With the market at record highs, you’d like to see oil do better since demand for oil indicates the economy is humming along.”
At 1:43 p.m., the Dow Jones industrial average fell 13.9 points, or 0.08 percent, to 17,352.34, the S&P 500  lost 9.7 points, or 0.48 percent, to 2,008.11 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 27.40 points, or 0.59 percent, to 4,611.51.
Alibaba Group Holding rose 2.3 percent to $104.15 on massive volume after the Chinese e-commerce giant reported its first quarterly results as a public company, posting revenue growth of 53.7 percent.
The market’s recent rally, which took both the Dow and S&P 500 to intraday records on Monday, has largely come on strong corporate financial results, which have eased some concerns about economic growth.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,923 to 1,097, for a 1.75-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,563 issues fell and 1,049 advanced for a 1.49-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and 5 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 73 new highs and 42 new lows.
TAGS: US Stocks Wall Street
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Indians can build the next WhatsApp: Neeraj AroraNeeraj Arora (left), Vice-President of WhatsApp, with Ajit Rangnekar, Dean of the Indian School of Business, in Hyderabad on Tuesday PV SIVAKUMAR
Neeraj Arora, Vice-President, Business Development at mobile messenger service, WhatsApp, interacting with students at ISB's Hyderabad campus.
Hyderabad, November 5:  
WhatsApp, the messenger service firm acquired by Facebook, is not enforcing its $1 a year fee in India. Normally, the service is free for a year and the US-based firm charges users a dollar a year after that.
Neeraj Arora, Vice-President of WhatsApp, said that it is not enforcing the fee here as there were several ecosystem issues such as low penetration of credit cards.
An alumnus of the Indian School of Business (ISB), Arora spent a day with the students of the school. In the evening, he had an informal chat with the students where he related his journey with start-ups, Google and then WhatsApp four years ago. Arora joined WhatsApp when it was a start-up with a small team and had only 40 million users. Today, it has 600 million users.
He played a key role in closing the $19-billion acquisition of WhatsApp by Facebook earlier this year.
On cutting into the SMS business of telecom operators, he said the company has asked them to tie up with WhatsApp as they could sell more data with more and more people getting onto WhatsApp.
“They understood the point. We have tied up with five telcos in India,” he said.
WhatsApp does not have advertising tie-ups. “We believe in the subscription model and not in advertising as people do not like to have ads as they converse,” he explained.
Asked to comment on user preferences in countries such as Japan and China, Arora said the company didn’t believe in developing products tailored to a few countries.
“If it doesn’t apply to the majority of our users, we don’t do it. We believe in building a product that works for everyone,” he said.
India’s time
He said the India story has come of age and start-ups can build products targeting the domestic market. Five years ago, it was a different story.
Arora said the reason start-ups sprout in Silicon Valley is because it has a very vibrant ecosystem. “You throw a stone there and it hits an entrepreneur. You need to have people to back (fund) your ideas because nine out of 10 ideas do not work. You need to have Stanford-like institutes, too,” he said.
“Indians have it in their DNA to build the next WhatsApp for the world,” he added.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Akshay thrills and Lisa sizzles in the postersCelebrity
Akshay Kumar thrills and Lisa Haydon sizzles in a series of new posters
'The Shaukeens' is a remake of 1982 comedy movie ‘Shaukeen’ directed by Basu Chatterjee. It stars Anupam Kher, Annu Kapoor, Piyush Mishra and Lisa Haydon along with Akshay Kumar in his most special appearance.
Just days prior to the release of 'The Shaukeens', the makers have released a series of about ten posters, which gives you a fantastic feel of the film.
1 / 30

Sensex hits 28K-mark  Nifty scales new highMARKET UPDATE: Sensex hits 28K-mark, Nifty scales new high on reforms hope
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 17:23 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The BSE Sensex on Wednesday breached the 28,000 level for the first time but ended a shade below at 27,915.88, its all-time closing peak, with gains of 55.50 points as banking and IT stocks rallied amid hopes of more reforms by government and a rate cut by the Reserve Bank .
The NSE Nifty also closed at record level of 8,338.30, gaining 14.15 points over the previous close. The 50-share index touched all-time intra-day high of 8,365.55 points, surpassing its previous record of 8,350.60 scaled on Monday.
During the day trade, the 30-share BSE Sensex scaled its fresh life-time high of 28,010.39 points, beating its previous record high of 27,969.82 reached on Monday.
"Market sentiment has been buoyed by a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently, followed by optimism over strong second quarter earnings by blue-chip companies", said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based stock broker.
Addressing business leaders at New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday said the government was looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws.
Besides government accelerating economic reforms, falling global crude prices, that raised hopes of an early cut in rates by the Reserve Bank, bolstered sentiments that lifted key indices to new peaks, brokers said.
Banking stocks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI led the rally among Sensex stocks. Axis Bank rose the most by 2.93 per cent among 30 Sensex scrips, followed by SBI (2.24 per cent) and DR Reddy (2.24 per cent).
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Infosys, TCS and ITC were among major gainers that lifted the index to record high.
Stocks of state-run oil companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC hogged the limelight and rose up to 2.37 per cent after global crude prices hit multi-year lows that would improve their margins.
However, Coal India, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, RIL, Hindalco and Tata Power were laggards on profit-booking.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net Rs 1,413.34 crore on Monday. 
A mixed trend in the other Asian markets, a higher opening on the European markets on better corproate earnings, too influenced trading sentiments here, traders said.
"Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates," Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Among the 30 Sensex components, 14 stocks advanced, while 16 ended in negative zone.
The Banking index gained the most by surging 1.41 per cent, followed by Healthcare by 1.01 per cent, IT index by 0.73 per cent, Capital Goods index by 0.57 per cent, FMCG index by 0.32 per cent and Auto index by 0.05 per cent.
However, Metal sector index slipped 3.03 per cent and Power index fell 0.91 per cent.
With continued improvement in trading sentiments, buying activity by retail investors also spread to small-cap and mid-cap stocks, brokers said.
Stock market will remain close on Thursday on account of "Gurunanak Jayanti".

DLF looks reasonable bet at current levels: PLDilip Bhat
In a chat with ET Now, Dilip Bhat, Joint Managing Director of Prabhudas Lilladher , talks about DLF, Century Ply and other stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: How crucial do you think is the SAT ruling for DLF stock? Have the positives already bounced back in the price that we have seen?
Dilip Bhat: We all know that in this particular case, all real estate companies are strapped for cash. With the current state of their debt position, they really require a good amount of infusion of cash into the company. There is nothing new about this. We all know they require the money.
Hence, this release will certainly not be too positive. However at the same time, we should put to rest that DLF may not come to a brink because of some of these things. In that sense, it is a relief to the company, as and when it happens.
But overall, if one were to just see the NAV of the company based on discounted cash flows, it is significantly much more than the current market value of the company. In that sense also, the company probably deserves a place in terms of investment.
When it comes to FDI, there has been some kind of liberalisation over there, that they have lowered to 20,000 square metres. That will also help infuse cash in a lot of real estate projects including DLF, and also bring a good amount of corporate governance - which is also an issue with this particular sector. All in all, DLF, from current levels, appears to be a reasonable prospect or a reasonable bet.
ET Now: A lot of midcaps are extremely active today on results or on news. Anything that you have looked at today or over the last two or three days in terms of news or results that stood out for you?
Dilip Bhat: Century Ply was one of the companies which came out with excellent results. That is a stock which can still can give a reasonably good appreciation. All the midcaps have really run up, but with 30% plus ROEs, this is a stock which can really go up.
Overall, even from the midcap space, something like Indiabulls Housing or Dewan Housing Finance etc, have results that are pretty good. There still merit a look even from current levels. Among these, some are very scalable and some will probably be sought after. If one would take a slightly longer term perspective, the PSU banks may be another two quarters of disappointment, but something like say a PNB or a BoB or a Union Bank or even SBI can really do very well.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fun moments from the  Kill Dil  shootCelebrity
Kill Dil: Behind-the-scene fun
Catch all the behind-the-scene fun the cast and crew had during the making of the film 'Kill Dil'. Ranveer Singh, Parineeti Chopra, Ali Zafar and Govinda play the main leads in this YRF production.
Kill Dil: Nakhre dialogue promo0:15
Watch Govinda explain in his 'Kill Dil' ishtyle why women are complicated.
1 / 10

Speculation over Cabinet reshuffle  Manohar Parrikar for DefenceDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
Speculation mounted tonight over the possibility of a Union cabinet reshuffle, may be as early as Sunday, as Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar met Prime Minister Narendra Modi amidst reports that he could get the defence portfolio.
There is talk that there could be an induction of as many as 10 ministers. The names of Jat leader from Haryana Birender Singh, who also had a meeting with BJP President Amit Shah, Giriraj Singh, an MP from Bihar, and G S Shekhawat, MP from Rajasthan, are doing the rounds for includion in the Union Council of Ministers.
Talk of the cabinet expansion gained currency after Parrikar arrived here during the day cancelling a Goa cabinet meeting and straight going into a meeting with Shah. Later in the night, he followed it up with a meeting with Modi with whom he shares a good rapport.
In all his brief interactions with media on two-three occasions, the chief minister did not deny suggestions that he was being tipped to be the defence minister.
“I can comment on it only after meeting the Prime Minister. Let the Prime Minister who has invited me comment,” he said when asked about the media speculation after his meeting with Shah.
However, after his meeting with Modi he told reporters that they only discussed Goa issues and there was no talk on his induction in the Union Cabinet.
“I have not discussed nor has he discussed anything about that. So, as of now the issue is dead. The news is dead,” he said.
“I had requested for a meeting (with Modi) to discusses issues of Goa and this is what was discussed. He has accepted my demands for Goa,” he said. When asked if he would continue as chief minister, he said, “Obviously.”
TAGS: Manohar Parrikar Narendra Modi Union Cabinet
More from miscellaneous

Muslims being tarnished: Maulana MadaniDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
Accusing central agencies and Ministry of Home Affairs of being involved in witchhunting in the Burdwan blast case, Jamat-Ulama-e-Hind general secretary Maulana Mahmood Madani today alleged that a conspiracy is on to “tarnish” the entire Muslim community.
“If someone is guilty, then he should be punished. But please don’t indulge in witchhunting and tarnish the entire community.
The central agencies even before something is proved, is leaking things about raids in madrasas which in turn is creating problems for the entire community,” he said.
“What was the central agencies and the Home Ministry doing when such activities were going on? If any unlawful thing is going on in madrasas and it is proved, we will fully cooperate with the agencies,” Madani said.
Madrasas operating in Bengal and throughout India work for the benefit of the masses, he asserted.
NIA, which is investigating the Burdwan blast, is probing links with suspected al-Qaeda and Jama’atul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) terrorists with Simulia madrasa in the district as the accused were believed to have been indoctrinated there.
“A conspiracy is being hatched to malign the entire community. We have to fight against this community. I must say that the condition of Muslims in India is much better than their counterparts in other countries of the Indian sub continent.
“India belongs to all communities. During partition, we had the option of leaving India but our forefathers choose to be part of India. But if such kind of vilification campaign continues against us, then it will alienate the entire community,” he added.
TAGS: Burdwan Blast Case Maulana Mahmood Madani Maulana Mahmood Madani On Burdwan Blast Case
More from miscellaneous

Breaking Through the Plexiglass for a Real Connectionreddit
CO-AUTHORED BY RENEE CULLINAN
What's the role of connection in the modern organization? Some might argue that there isn't one - it's just a touchy feely idea which has no place in a "serious business." On the other hand, what we know about serious business today is that it couldn't be any higher stakes or higher stress. Executives make million dollar decisions, manage unforgiving Boards, and unwind gnarly personnel issues daily, yet they are also increasingly isolated and unable to find high quality counsel and connection.
Particularly in times of stress, our ancient "fight or flight" system, the amygdala, goes on alert for any sign of danger. Meaningful connections with others soothe the nervous system and help snap us out of unconscious attack mode. For example, each time I arrive home from one of my weekly business trips, I am unknowingly poised for a fight. The accumulated stress of the week coupled with an acute desire to be home makes me irritable and totally disconnected. My husband's brilliant technique for talking me off the ledge is to make fun of me (yes, it's counterintuitive, I know). In response to my "Why are all the plants dead? Is it too much to ask for you to water them?" he answers "It's tough to transition home, isn't it?" His perceptive statement of what's really going on diffuses the situation, makes us both laugh and transitions me home, just where I want to be.
The challenge in the workplace is that there are a thousand factors contributing to the rampant disconnection we have from one another. And meetings, which are supposed to be a literal meeting of the minds, are the worst offenders. Our research on the meeting experience in large organizations suggests that meetings drive frustration, longer workdays, and lower engagement. They do little if anything, to build connection.
Virtual meetings exacerbate the problem even further because it's as if we're talking to each other through plexiglass. Or we're pretending to talk to each other, but actually IM'ing other colleagues, checking Facebook, and researching restaurants for this weekend.
Yet recent studies (and our own hearts) tell us that we're undermining personal well-being AND professional performance.  When people work in business environments where they are free to express warmth and connection, they report higher job satisfaction, more commitment to the organization, and are more accountable for their performance.
So how do we get ourselves back in the habit of connecting? At the recent Wisdom in Business conference in New York, Diane Poole Heller led the attendees through an amazing exercise. She had us pick an unknown partner and have a connected conversation with them by simply looking into their eyes, listening attentively, and directing all of our attention and energy to being present. The other person could talk about anything for 3 minutes and the partner merely listened. Then we swapped. We went back and forth this way for about 12 minutes and in that time, saw how quickly you can forge a deep connection and human bond with someone else, even a stranger. There is connective magic in being present and fully listening.
Let's apply that to the plexiglass of virtual meetings. How can you form a deep human bond with someone separated by time zones, unmuted background noise, and half-hearted video conference participation?
It's actually fairly simple...
Be in the conversation you're in
Have compassion for yourself and others around the challenge of staying engaged in a virtual environment
Do meaningful work together, and
Celebrate your successes and failures
Consider having an occasional virtual coffee or happy hour - where connecting is the primary goal
If you recognize human connection as a success strategy for managing stress in challenging environments, you're much more likely to value it and seek it out - even in a virtual environment.
Follow Shani Harmon on Twitter: www.twitter.com/stopmtglikethis
More:

Rs. 5 000 cr. hike for Defence  49 per cent FDI allowedRs. 5 000 cr. hike for Defence  49 per cent FDI allowed
Maine man charged with killing one by mailing himcyanidePrint
By: Associated Press | Bangror | Posted: November 6, 2014 4:17 am
A Maine man has been charged with killing a suicidal English man by mailing him poisonous potassium cynanide.
Papers filed with the US District Court in Bangor say Sidney Kilmartin sent the poison to Hull, England, resident Andrew Denton in 2012, resulting in Denton’s death.
A newspaper in Denton’s hometown says British authorities investigated with American agents after learning he had ordered the cyanide over the Internet to commit suicide after struggling with depression.
The court papers say Kilmartin mailed the poison “with the intent to kill or injure.”
Kilmartin is charged with mailing injurious articles resulting in death, which carries a maximum penalty of life in prison upon conviction.
Prosecutors say Kilmartin is in custody awaiting a Wednesday court appearance. Kilmartin can’t be reached for comment while in custody.

Suspect phone calls from Indian mission in Canada underscrutinyPrint
Written by Shubhajit Roy | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 4:14 am
In a case of suspected security breach, a telephone number of the Indian High Commission in Canada was used to make phone calls to Indian and Canadian nationals, asking them about their passport details.
The Indian government is probing the suspected breach, and an alert has been sounded by the Indian mission in Ottawa.
South Block has taken “serious note” of the development as it comes days after the October 22 terror attack in Canada, in which a masked gunman killed a soldier standing guard at Canada’s National War Memorial and then stormed Parliament before being shot dead.
Confirming the development to The Indian Express, top Indian government sources said that an alarmed South Block has ordered a probe into the matter.
The Indian High Commission in Ottawa has put out an alert on its website, saying, “It has come to the notice of High Commission of India, Ottawa that its telephone number [613-7443751] is being misused for calling people regarding nationality & passport matters, tax and money related issues.”
“This is to alert all that the High Commission of India, Ottawa has nothing to do with these calls. No information or money should be given to the callers. The matter should immediately be reported to the police. High Commission of India has already approached the concerned Canadian authorities in this regard,” the alert said.
The Indian High Commissioner in Canada, Admiral Nirmal K Verma, could not be reached for comments despite several attempts.
While a probe will determine whether an “insider” in the Indian High Commission in Ottawa is involved or not, sources are not ruling out the possibility of “cloning” or “masking” the telephone numbers using high-end technology.
The Indian High Commission has three telephone numbers: 6137443751, 6137443752 and 6137443753, but only one of them was used for these calls. What is worrying is that the number (613 744 3751) is also an emergency number for consular services, a source privy to the developments said.
South Block officials said they are in touch with the Canadian intelligence agencies on this issue. The agencies are also looking into the suspected breach seriously, since there are pro-Khalistan elements active in Canada and the issue was recently part of talks between External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and Canadian Foreign Minister John Baird.

Edit: Next auctions can make or mar Indian t...Search for:
Next auctions can make or mar Indian telecom
November 6, 2014, 3:18 am IST ET Edit in ET Editorials | Edit Page , Times View | ET
2
The government must not be pushed into auctioning spectrum before it reorganises tiny slices of bandwidth that can be built into bigger chunks through consolidation. Selling small slices of radio waves to private mobile players creates rationing, that artificially pushes up spectrum auction prices — but also increases costs for consumers — undermining the basis of India’s telecom revolution that can now vault to the next level. We need a mobile data push, to take financial inclusion, banking, education, entertainment, information and healthcare to remote corners of the country, where no banker or doctor has ever gone boldly before.
In February 2015, spectrum will be sold again. What is available are tiny slices from the overall radio bandwidth. Regulator Trai says that compared to the auctions of February this year, the amount of new spectrum available now is too meagre. The 2000-2100 MHz frequency is the only band where a sizeable amount of spectrum can be released. But now, the 1700-2000 MHz spectrum block is chopped up into slices for sharing between various defence and commercial interests. The government has to swap bandwidth in the 1900 MHz band by giving it to defence, in return for bandwidth in the 2000-2100 MHz band for telecom.
The next round of spectrum auctions will be different from all previous ones. Incumbent licensees, whose term expires, have to bid to regain the spectrum they use to exist as telecom companies. A newcomer can bid aggressively just to raise the incumbent’s cost: it would be desperate to get its spectrum back and salvage its investment. Without enough spectrum, these auctions can kill the industry and damage banks that have lent to licensees crippled in the auction process. Telecom regulator Trai has, in its latest recommendation, stressed the importance of political leadership being brought to bear to avert the crisis that would cripple India’s telecom revolution if auctions are held without enough spectrum being made available. Defence-DoT swap of spectrum can be done in a day, if the political will can be mustered.
This piece appeared as an editorial opinion in the print edition of The Economic Times.
Characters Remaining: 3000

SAT allows DLF to redeem Rs 1 806 crore in mutual fundsSecurities Appellate Tribunal allows DLF to redeem Rs 1,806 crore in mutual funds
By Reena Zachariah , ET Bureau | 6 Nov, 2014, 07.03AM IST
0
Share More
SAT’s decision will come as a relief to DLF, which is challenging the capital market regulator’s order against it at the tribunal.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) on Wednesday allowed real estate developer DLF to redeem Rs 1,806 crore invested in mutual fund schemes for servicing its loan obligations.
Most mutual funds had blocked DLF from withdrawing its money invested across various schemes, seeking clarity from the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), which recently barred the company and its promoters from accessing the capital market for three years.
SAT's decision will come as a relief to DLF, which is challenging the capital market regulator's order against it at the tribunal.
"We think that SAT's interim relief to DLF to liquidate its mutual funds is a positive development for the company," said Macquarie Capital Securities India's analyst Abhishek Bhandari, in a note to clients. "While there is value in the stock, newsflow remains volatile." DLF shares fell 1.44% to close at Rs 126.65 on Wednesday.
DLF, in an affidavit, had said that the company and its group subsidiaries have in the normal course of business availed loans in excess of Rs 20,000 crore from lenders and it needs Rs 1,806 crore for servicing its loan instalments, inclusive of interest, till December 31,2014.
Senior counsel Janak Dwarkadas appearing for DLF, submitted to the court that the company has invested Rs 2,118 crore in liquid mutual funds. DLF and its 10 subsidiaries require Rs 767 crore and Rs 1,039 crore, respectively, for the months of November and December. SAT's presiding officer, JP Devadhar while passing the interim order said: "Although the impugned order (of Sebi) prohibits the appellant (DLF) from buying, selling securities it doesn't prohibit the appellant from carrying out its business. And, in the course of carrying out its business, if the appellant has borrowed money from financial institutions, it would be reasonable to allow it to carry out the business... when the order (Sebi) is in operation appellant and group companies are required to pay its loan installments inclusive of interest. We allow the appellant to redeem the mutual funds as stated by it as and when necessary."
SAT has also directed the company to submit an auditor's certificate which would specify the amount redeemed from mutual funds and utilised for which particular subsidiary. The tribunal also said that the Sebi order will not come in the way of lenders or pledgees for invoking or enforcing the pledge.
"If and when the case arises in respect of the shares of the unlisted subsidiaries held by the appellant which have been pledged in favour of the lender or pledgee... the freeze will be lifted as and when any lender or pledgee decides to invoke or enforce the pledge," Devadhar said.
DLF in an affidavit had stated that the two depositories — NSDL and CDSL— have frozen 13 demat accounts with shares held by DLF in two of its subsidiary companies.
Rafique Dada, senior counsel appearing for Sebi, said that the tribunal should specify that the interim order has been passed based on the facts and the reasons set out in the affidavits filed by DLF. SAT will now hear the matter in detail on December 10.The tribunal has asked Sebi to file its response to DLF's affidavit by this month end. Following which DLF will then file a rejoinder by December 8.
"The final outcome of the case will be a key monitorable in the near term. If DLF loses the appeal in SAT, it is likely to appeal in the Supreme Court of India ," said Macquarie's Bhandari.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sandstorm Gold to Release Third Quarter Results on November 13Sandstorm Gold to Release Third Quarter Results on November 13
Virgin Galactic looks to resume tests in 2015: CEOVirgin Galactic looks to resume tests in 2015: CEO
Dollar/yen rises above 114.85 to hit 7-year highDollar/yen rises above 114.85 to hit 7-year high
Ipca shares tank 10% on US FDA critical observationsIpca shares tank 10% on US FDA critical observations
Narendra Modi makes debut on Forbes most powerful list  Putin at topNarendra Modi makes debut on Forbes most powerful list  Putin at top
Misbah equals Viv Richards  world recordLATEST PHOTOS
Fastest Test Centuries
Pakistan captain Misbah-ul-Haq equalled an almost 30-year-old record when he smashed a 56-ball century in the 2nd Test against Australia. Here's a list of the ten fastest tons in Test cricket.
#10: Kapil Dev (India): 74 balls vs Sri Lanka at Kanpur, 1986-87
#10: Kapil Dev (India): 74 balls vs Sri Lanka at Kanpur, 1986-87
No live matches are in progress.
vs.
Sri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
10 hours ago
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]
India vs Cricket Australia
Thu 4 Dec, 2014 10:44 AM IST
Action images from India's two-day tour game versus Cricket Australia played on December 4 and 5, 2015 at Adelaide. More » India vs Cricket Australia
Tears and tributes flow for Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 1:38 PM IST
Selected quotes from eulogies and tributes to Phillip Hughes on Wednesday as Australia bid farewell to the cricketer at his funeral in his hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
3rd Test: Pakistan vs New Zealand
Sun 30 Nov, 2014 6:08 PM IST
Phil Hughes: Tributes
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 11:59 AM IST
The tragic death of batsman Phil Hughes from a freakish on-field accident brought the entire cricket community together in an immense outpouring of grief. A look at some of the tributes to the deceased.
Sri Lanka vs England, 2nd ODI
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 12:33 PM IST
India train at Adelaide Oval
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 8:53 AM IST
As the cricket universe struggled for composure in the aftermath of Phil Hughes shocking passing away, the Indians moved to the Adelaide Oval, the venue of their cancelled tour game, for a practice session on November 29, 2014. More » India train at Adelaide Oval
Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 4th ODI
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 5:07 PM IST
Remembering Phil Hughes
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 4:19 PM IST
The young Australian batsman would have turned 26 on November 30, 2014. Alas, a freak incident on the field of play on November 25 cut short his life. Here's a look at some pictures from the talented and zestful southpaw's life and times.
Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 11:38 AM IST
Australia cricketer Phillip Hughes passed away on November 27, 2014 in Sydney following a head injury he had incurred in a Sheffield Shield match on November 25. During this game … More » Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Today on Yahoo

Akhilesh offered Rs 100 cr for RS seat: MayawatiDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
BSP supremo Mayawati today alleged that Rajya Sabha member Akhilesh Das, who had quit the party two days ago, offered her Rs 100 crores for renominating him to the Upper House.
“Akhilesh Das had talked to me in Delhi and had offered money for repeating him as BSP candidate to the Rajya Sabha,” she told reporters here.
“Das had said that he was ready to give Rs 50 crores to Rs 100 crores for getting Rajya Sabha ticket saying that as the BSP is out of power now, I would need funds to run the party,” Mayawati alleged.
The BSP supremo said she told Das that she would not make him RS candidate even if he offered Rs 200 crores and instead of taking help from an individual, her party gets funds through donations made by poor and the downtrodden.
“For the recent Assembly elections and the coming ones in two other states, funds were collected from the people in Uttar Pradesh and other states on one appeal,” she said, adding that BSP would give its ticket to those who work dedicatedly for the party’s movement at the ground level.
On the allegations levelled by Das, Mayawati said “he was earlier in the Congress and at the time of joining BSP he had levelled serious charges against the Congress, specially Rahul Gandhi.”
The former UP chief minister said that at the time of joining BSP, Das had promised to strengthen the party by garnering support of Vaishya community in the state but he did not do so and concentrated more on his business work.
“We believed in him and sent him to the Rajya Sabha but he did not live up to his promises…rather that joining Vaishyas with the party he used to stay away from the House during the Parliament sessions,” she alleged.
Mayawati said that Das’s allegations have been proved wrong with the party nominating Raja Ram and Veer Singh for Rajya Sabha seat as they have been associated with the party at the ground level.
“Ram is incharge of the party in four states and Veer Pal is incharge in three states…they have been associated with the movement for a long time and have been using their salaries for the welfare of people,” she said, adding the central office of the party will assist them in filing their nominations.
The Rajya Sabha term of Das, who resigned from the BSP on November 3, is coming to an end this month.
TAGS: Akhilesh Das Akhilesh Das Rajya Sabha Mayawati Mayawati Akhilesh Das
More from miscellaneous

Now  Karti questions high-command cultureComments
The Congress “high command” came in for fresh criticism on Wednesday, with senior leader P Chidambaram’s son Karti questioning Delhi micro-managing state units, barely three days after former minister GK Vasan quit the party over the same issue.
Discontent against the central leadership is growing in the party that was humiliated in Maharashtra and Haryana in October after ending up with its worst ever Lok Sabha tally in the summer’s national elections.
 
“We must rethink this high-command observer culture. We cannot wait for Delhi to show the path in every single way,” Karti said in Chennai.
Karti, who lost the Lok Sabha polls from Sivaganga after his father opted out of the contest, also said the leadership should give state units more freedom.
Vasan and his supporters had blamed party general secretary in-charge of Tamil Nadu Mukul Wasnik for their exit, saying the central leadership had repeatedly mishandled its unit in the southern state.
But, the Congress’ troubles go beyond Tamil Nadu.
 
Former chief ministers Prithviraj Chavan and Bhupinder Singh Hooda, both perceived to be close to the “high command”, have faced flak for the defeat in Maharashtra and Haryana. Party colleagues have questioned their failure to retain the states even after being given a free hand in picking candidates and planning campaign.
“We lack a charismatic leader and unless there is someone who can take on the opponents, there is little hope for the party,” a senior leader from Maharashtra said on condition of anonymity.
 
Even after the poll disaster, Chavan had the support of party vice-president Rahul Gandhi to take over as the leader of the Congress legislature party, said another state leader.
The party is battling trouble in the east as well. In poll-bound Jharkhand, state leaders got their way with the leadership in ending alliance with the ruling Jharkhand Mukti Morcha. Had the tie-up continued, many of them would have missed out on a chance to contest polls, said a source. Jharkhand along with Jammu and Kashmir will hold five-phased elections, beginning November 25.
Congress managers are also disturbed about reports of dissent brewing in Bihar unit ahead of the crucial state polls next year. Some leaders have raised a banner of revolt against party general secretary CP Joshi and state chief Ashok Chowdhary over their “arbitrary” decision to dissolve all committees. Many of them are camping in Delhi to press for the removal of Joshi, considered close to Rahul, and Chowdhary.
Further east, Assam leaders are upset with the leadership’s indecision on revamping the organisation.
(With inputs from state bureaus)

Pakistan must draw red line if it wants talks  says Arun JaitleyComments
Defence minister Arun Jaitley said on Wednesday Pakistan had to make a conscious choice whether it wanted to talk to the government of India or to those who want to break India, effectively shutting the door on any immediate resumption of bilateral talks between the nuclear-armed nations.
 
India called off planned talks between the foreign secretaries of the two countries in August after the Pakistani envoy met Kashmiri separatists in New Delhi, saying it was an “unacceptable” attempt to “interfere” in India’s domestic affairs.
 
"I think a new red line has to be drawn in Pakistan to reconsider this question that who they want to speak to? Do they want to speak to the government of India or they want to speak to those who want to break India. So, unless Pakistan makes the conscious choice, a dialogue with Pakistan will not be possible," Jaitley told the World Economic Fourm.
 
"We create the environment, we fix up a dialogue at the level of foreign secretaries, our foreign secretary is to visit Pakistan (and) literally a few hours before that they invite the separatists for a dialogue to their high commission in New Delhi,” said Jaitley.
Watch: Pakistan must decide whether it wants to speak to India or separtists: Arun Jaitley
 
The Narendra Modi government started on an upbeat note by calling Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to his swearing-in ceremony in May along with leaders of all SAARC countries. But relations between the two countries have slid since then with the neighbours recently locked in their worst border conflict in a decade.
 
Referring to ceasefire violations by Pakistan on the international border and line of control, the defence minister said the consequences of its “misadventure” like firing on the civilian population “would be an unaffordable cost for Pakistan”. 
 
Jaitley said India has given three messages to Pakistan. “The first is that we want to talk. So we invited them. The second is we send a foreign secretary there. But they must decide whether they are ready to speak to our foreign secretary or to speak to those who want to break India. The third is that this kind of a situation in international border cannot go on.”
 
"That's not an environment for a dialogue ... India would like to normalise the relationship. But whether Pakistan wants to normalise the relationship depends on Pakistan," he said.

Modi 15th most powerful person in the world  according to ForbesComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday made his debut among the world’s most powerful people, ranked 15th on the Forbes list topped by Russian President Vladimir Putin who pipped his US counterpart Barack Obama for a second year in a row.
The list of 72 most powerful people in the world also included the names of Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani at 36th, Arcelo rMittal Chairman and CEO Lakshmi Mittal at 57th and Microsoft’s Indian-born CEO Satya Nadella at 64th spot.
On Modi, Forbes said “India’s newest rock star doesn’t hail from Bollywood. He is the newly elected Prime Minister who sailed into office in May with a landslide victory, ushering the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) into power after decades of control by the Gandhi dynasty.”
 
Forbes described him as a “Hindu nationalist” and referred to the 2002 Gujarat riots when he was the state’s chief minister.
“The world is as impressed as the citizens of India: So far he’s toured the US and China and met with his Southeast Asian neighbours,” the magazine said.
This year there are 12 newcomers on the list, including Modi and Egypt President Abdel el-Sisi.
Alibiba founder and China’s richest man — Jack Ma also makes a first appearance on the list, as does terror group Islamic State’s chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
This is the second year in a row that Putin carries the crown.

US officials unveil novel plan to test EboladrugsUS officials have unveiled a plan to test multiple drugs at once, in an umbrella study.
By: Associated Press | New Orleans | Posted: November 6, 2014 4:24 am
The quest for an Ebola treatment is picking up speed. US officials have unveiled a plan to test multiple drugs at once, in an umbrella study with a single comparison group to give fast answers on what works.
“This is novel for us” and is an approach pioneered by cancer researchers, said Dr Luciana Borio, head of the Food and Drug Administration’s Ebola response. “We need to learn what helps and what hurts” and speed treatments to patients, she said.
She outlined the plan Wednesday at an American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene conference. Thousands of scientists have crowded into day and late-night sessions on Ebola, which has killed nearly 5,000 West Africans this year.
There is no treatment for Ebola, but several experimental ones such as ZMapp have been tried on a few patients, and scientists are looking at some others that were developed for different conditions but may also fight the virus.
“There’s this tremendous urge to want to give people these experimental therapies,” but it’s crucial to make sure they don’t do harm, said the FDA’s Dr Edward Cox.
Everyone in the umbrella study would get supportive care, such as intravenous fluids, then be assigned to receive one of several drugs or be in a comparison group. That’s needed because without one, there’s no way to know if any problems or deaths are from the drug or the disease, Cox said.
Instead of waiting until a certain number of patients are treated to look at results, as is usually done, researchers will monitor results as they come in, pairing each person on a drug with someone from the comparison group to see if a pattern can be detected.
Cox said the FDA could not name the drugs being considered, but said a meeting next week with various companies should finalize the plans.
Other developments:
VACCINES
Ten potential vaccines have been developed, and two should enter mid- to late-stage testing in December or January, Dr Cathy Roth of the World Health Organization told the conference via Skype from Geneva. GlaxoSmithKline’s is one of them, and it’s too soon to say when it could be ready for wide use or what it would cost, said the company’s Dr W. Ripley Ballou.
Poor countries “can’t be expected to pay for it,” so groups that have given aid in the past likely will be asked to do that, he said.
FEAR, TRAVEL BANS
At least 30 scientists were barred from the conference because Louisiana state officials told attendees to stay away if they had traveled to certain West African countries or had contact with an Ebola patient in the last 21 days, Ebola’s maximum incubation period. One was Dr Amanda Tiffany of Doctors Without Borders, who was to give a talk on how to limit the spread of Ebola, based on continued…

http://usat.ly/10oLGoKFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Oops. Starbucks brings back Eggnog Latte
Starbucks has eggnog on its face.     The coffee kingpin will bring back its seasonal Eggnog Latte to stores nationwide later this month following a customer revolt that spread from letters to phone calls to
Post to Facebook
Oops. Starbucks brings back Eggnog Latte Starbucks has eggnog on its face.     The coffee kingpin will bring back its seasonal Eggnog Latte to stores nationwide later this month following a customer revolt that spread from letters to phone calls to Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qqeKmQ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
45
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Oops. Starbucks brings back Eggnog Latte
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 6:58 p.m. EST November 5, 2014
Starbucks' Eggnog Latte.
16264 CONNECT 490 TWEET 68 LINKEDIN 45 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Starbucks has eggnog on its face.
The coffee kingpin will bring back its seasonal Eggnog Latte nationwide this month after a customer revolt spread from letters to phone calls to social media.  It had dropped the beverage, a seasonal offering since 1986,  to try to simplify its expanding menu. "We made a mistake," says spokeswoman Linda Mills. "We are very sorry."
How sorry?
Well, they're not handing out free Eggnog Lattes.  But Starbucks hopes to have the drink back in all stores by the week of Nov. 17, says Mills.  Because it has always been so popular in the Pacific Northwest, it was re-introduced there Nov. 1. The problem, she says, is quickly getting enough eggnog from suppliers.
The move to very rapidly respond to consumer complaints isn't unusual.  Last spring, after the company began selling its lemon cake and pumpkin bread in miniature loaves instead of slices, it got complaints and quickly changed back to the slices.
For retailers in the social media era, instantly responding to consumer gripes is critical. Quick action is especially critical for Starbucks in the holiday season, by far its most profitable period.
Starbucks started hearing eggnog complaints Nov.1 when it began its holiday push at U.S. stores by switching to red cups from its usual. The consumer blowback began with complaints to baristas who had to explain that the beverage had been discontinued, says Mills. It evolved into complaints to its customer call center, e-mails, letters and social media posts on Facebook, Twitter and to its MyStarbucksIdea.com  site.
Starbucks to roll out 'pay ahead' in 2015
Shannon McMullen tweeted:  "Seriously heartbroken this A.M. Just found out Starbucks is not bringing back the eggnog latte. It was the only thing keeping me going."
Starbucks has learned its lesson, says Mills.  Many consumers have a very emotional connection to the holidays, "and Starbucks is a part of that tradition."
Meanwhile, the chain also is bringing back the  Gingerbread Latte to the Pacific Northwest region — though it still was served in the rest of the country. And next week it will roll out nationally a new Chestnut Praline Latte.
Tattoos, nose studs OK for Starbucks baristas
But it's ol' fashioned eggnog, not newfangled Chestnut Praline, that's stealing the buzz.
One corporate branding expert says that Starbucks knows what many companies still need to learn. "All companies need to become more nimble to respond to this kind of feedback," says Tracey Riese, author of Making Brands Work. "Customers can use social media to tell you more about what they want.  It's a new way of test marketing."
16264 CONNECT 490 TWEET 68 LINKEDIN 45 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qqeKmQ
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Virgin Galactic looks to resume tests in2015The head of the space tourism company says test flights could resume as early as next summer.
By: Associated Press | Albuquerque | Posted: November 6, 2014 5:04 am
The head of the space tourism company that suffered a tragic setback when its experimental rocket ship broke apart over the California desert says test flights could resume as early as next summer.
Virgin Galactic CEO George Whitesides told The Associated Press on Wednesday that work is underway at the company’s shop in the Mojave Desert to finish a second spacecraft.
It will replace the first SpaceShipTwo, which was destroyed last week when it disintegrated during a test flight, killing one pilot and seriously injuring another.
Whitesides says the new ship’s frame is complete, but critical flight control systems, wiring and windows still need to be installed. He says the work has become a form of therapy for employees as they try to focus on something constructive in the wake of the accident.

Demolition of remaining Syria chemical arms sites to beginsoonThe demolition of a dozen remaining chemical weapons production facilities in Syria is scheduled to begin later this month.
By: Reuters | United Nations | Posted: November 6, 2014 4:56 am
The demolition of a dozen remaining chemical weapons production facilities in Syria is scheduled to begin later this month while work will continue on the verification of the government’s declarations, Australia’s UN envoy said on Wednesday.
“There are seven hangars and five underground tunnels, which need to be destroyed,” Ambassador Gary Quinlan, president of the UN Security Council this month, told reporters after a closed-door briefing by Sigrid Kaag, a UN special adviser on Syria’s chemical weapons program.
“The destruction is scheduled to commence later this month and likely to be completed … around the summer of next year,” he added, citing information from Kaag.
He said she also told the 15-nation council about plans to destroy a further facility which was only recently disclosed by the Syrian government. That site, which was revealed in September, was for the production of deadly ricin.
Kaag also spoke of the need to continue verifying the Syrian government’s declarations about the extent of its poison gas arsenal and production capabilities, Quinlan said. Western intelligence agencies had long suspected that Syria failed to disclose the full extent of its chemical arms program.
Damascus agreed last year to eliminate its entire chemical weapons program after a sarin attack on Aug. 21, 2013, killed hundreds of people in Ghouta, a neighborhood on the outskirts of Damascus.
Under the agreement reached with Washington and Moscow, which averted threatened U.S. military action, the Nobel Peace-prize winning Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons oversaw the destruction of 1,300 tonnes of toxic gas chemicals that Syria declared to the Hague-based body.
Syria was supposed to have already destroyed all production, filling and storage facilities, but did not demolish the 12 cement hangars and underground bunkers or the ricin facility.
Syrian UN Ambassador Bashar Ja’afari told reporters the destruction of the 12 production facilities was “scheduled to start during this month, even this week.”
“They are empty, empty production facilities, empty tunnels. We are talking about technical stuff related to the so-called Syrian chemical program,” Ja’afari told reporters.
“My country and my government are fully engaged, committed towards continuing cooperating with the OPCW to solve all the remaining technical issues,” he said. “There is no chemical weapons program in Syria anymore.”
The government denies using chemical weapons and has blamed the opposition for repeated poison gas attacks in the country. Western officials have long dismissed Damascus’ accusations that rebels used chemical arms. The rebels have also denied using the banned weapons during Syria’s civil war, now in its fourth year.

Barack Obama to seek new war powers fromCongressUS President Barack Obama said on Wednesday he would work with Congress on new war powers to fight Islamic State.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 6, 2014 5:18 am
US President Barack Obama said on Wednesday he would work with Congress on new war powers to fight Islamic State militants and expressed cautious optimism about whether the international face-off over Iran’s nuclear program will be resolved – two issues that could prove harder for the White House to maneuver with Republicans in charge on Capitol Hill.
Obama spoke at a news conference the day after his party was thrashed by Republicans in elections, leaving the Republicans soon to be in charge of both the House and the Senate.
When he approved US airstrikes in late September against extremists who have captured territory across Syria and Iraq, Obama used legal grounds of congressional authorisations that President George W. Bush relied on more than a decade ago. The White House maintained then that the Bush-era congressional authorisations for the war on al-Qaida and the Iraq invasion gave Obama authority to act without new approval by Congress under the 1973 War Powers Act.
That law, passed during the Vietnam War, serves as a constitutional check on presidential power to declare war without congressional consent. It requires presidents to notify Congress within 48 hours of military action and limits the use of military forces to no more than 60 days unless Congress authorizes force or declares war.
Now, however, Obama said a new military authorization is one of a few areas where he will seek to work with lawmakers during the lame-duck session before a new Congress is seated in January.
“The idea is to right-size and update whatever authorization Congress provides to suit the current fight rather than previous fights,” Obama told reporters at the White House.
He said he would update congressional leaders about the fight against IS during meetings on Friday. He said he wanted to start now to craft new authorization, but that completing it could carry over into next year when a new Congress will usher in Republican control of the Senate.
Sen. Robert Menendez, a Democrat and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said Wednesday that he has made clear that a new authorization was needed and that any prolonged military campaign requires a new authorization approved by Congress. He said he would start the process in the days ahead and that the committee would hold hearings on Iraq and Syria beginning next week. “It is incumbent that Congress take the lead in authorizing the use of force,” Menendez said.
In September, during a heated congressional debate over training moderate Syrian rebels, House Speaker John Boehner, a Republican said a new authorization was something that lawmakers should consider. But he also suggested the lame-duck session was the wrong time to do it and that the vote should wait until next year.
Rep. Adam Schiff, a continued…

At least 2 policemen injured  10 injured in Egypt trainblastPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Cairo | Posted: November 6, 2014 6:01 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 11:33 am
At least two policemen have been killed and 10 others injured in a bomb blast in a train in Egypt, a media report said today.
The bomb went off yesterday inside the last bogey of a Cairo-bound train at Menouf station, a city in the Nile Delta, the Egyptian TV reported.
It was planted by unknown terrorists, it said.
The explosion took place after a policeman detected a suspected item in the bogey. He soon called his fellow security personnel who formed a cordon and evacuated the passengers from the train.
The bomb exploded immediately killing him and one of his colleagues and injuring the rest, Menoufeya Governor Ahmed Sherin Fawzy was quoted by the Egyptian TV as saying.
Bomb disposal team and security forces rushed to the spot for investigations.
Official statement about the number of deaths was awaited.
In a separate incident, unknown militants attacked a police checkpoint in Al-Alamen road in North Coast area yesterday injuring three conscripts.

 Dow  S&P 500 Close at Records After Midterm VoteYou are here: Home Market
Dow, S&P 500 Close at Records After Midterm Vote
Reuters | Updated On: November 06, 2014 07:35 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
New York: US stocks rose on Wednesday, with both the S&P 500 and Dow advancing to records, after Republicans took control of the Senate, allaying fears of drawn-out runoffs and raising investor hopes for more business- and energy-friendly policies.
A stronger-than-expected report on the labor market also helped lift stocks, but some weak tech sector earnings weighed on the Nasdaq.
The beaten-down energy sector rallied on hopes that a Republican majority could pass legislation that includes approval of oil and gas pipelines and reforms of crude and natural gas export laws. The S&P energy index was up 1.8 per cent.
"For now, the market generally likes the results. If we had uncertainty around the result, that would have been a cause for concern," said John Canally, chief economic strategist at LPL Financial.
"A little bit less business unfriendliness coming out of Washington is a clear plus," he added, noting that 88 per cent of the time, stocks rise in the fourth quarter of midterm election years, regardless of the outcome.
US private employers added 230,000 jobs in October, the most since June, according to the ADP National Employment report. The data could raise hopes for Friday's closely-watched payroll report. On the downside, the pace of growth in the US services sector slowed more than expected in October.
Time Warner Inc rose 4 per cent to $77.99 after it reported revenue growth of 3 per cent. Activision Blizzard Inc late Tuesday raised its full-year forecast, sending shares up 4.4 per cent to $20.83.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 100.69 points, or 0.58 per cent, to 17,484.53, the S&P 500 gained 11.47 points, or 0.57 per cent, to 2,023.57 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 2.92 points, or 0.06 per cent, to 4,620.72.
Weighing on the Nasdaq, TripAdvisor Inc dropped 14.1 per cent to $71.95, a day after weaker-than-expected earnings. FireEye Inc fell 15 per cent to $29.12 a day after the cybersecurity company's revenue outlook was largely below expectations.
After the market closed, Tesla Motors shares gained 5.2 per cent following results.
About 6.4 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, below the 7.3 billion average for the last five sessions.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered decliners 1,799 to 1,258, for a 1.43-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,408 issues rose and 1,278 fell for a 1.10-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 92 new 52-week highs and 5 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite showed 113 new highs and 55 new lows.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Islamic State militants execute 17 SyriansIslamic State militants execute 17 Syrians
New spaceship harbinger of hope for Virgin GalacticNew spaceship harbinger of hope for Virgin Galactic
Reuters
Mojave, California, November 06, 2014
First Published: 07:57 IST(6/11/2014)
print
The hangar that housed Virgin Galactic's ill-fated SpaceShipTwo has an empty space, but at a manufacturing plant just down the road technicians on Wednesday were back at work putting together an identical sister ship.
The original rocket-powered space plane, built to take paying passengers on short rides into suborbital space, broke apart over Mojave, California, on Friday during a test flight that killed one pilot and left another seriously injured.
The cause of the accident is under investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board, which is focusing on why co-pilot Mike Alsbury, who died in the crash, unlocked the ship's movable tail section early, before aerodynamic forces were right to keep the structure held in place as designed.
About two seconds after the tail was unlocked, it began to swivel outward, likely triggering the vehicle's supersonic breakup and Alsbury's death.
The surviving pilot, Pete Siebold, 43, and Alsbury, 39, had planned to test the so-called feathering tail system as part of SpaceShipTwo's fourth rocket-powered test flight, the first since Virgin Galactic decided to use a new fuel to boost the space plane to higher altitudes.
Virgin Galactic, an offshoot of Richard Branson's London-based Virgin Group, and manufacturer Scaled Composites had been eager to resume powered test flights after a 10-month hiatus.
Before the accident, SpaceShipTwo was on track to make its first flight beyond the atmosphere by the end of the year, a key milestone for the planned start of commercial passenger service in 2015.
Pivoting the tail section for descent increases the ship's surface area so that it can safely and effortlessly re-enter Earth's atmosphere, flying like a badminton shuttlecock. It had been used dozens of times during SpaceShipTwo's atmospheric test flights, including two rocket-powered flights.
As the ship is rocketing upward, the tail is held fast by a large hook that is supposed to remain engaged until the craft reaches supersonic speed, Mike Moses, Virgin Galactic vice president of operations, explained in an interview with Reuters.
At that point, the pilots release the hook, though the tail remains pinned back by aerodynamic pressures. The command to actually move the tail into descent position comes after the rocket motor burns out, near the apex of the ship's altitude.
Unlocking the tail is done well before then so that if the mechanism fails, the pilots can abort the flight.
"It's a great safety feature, but if you use your safety feature in a regime that it's not designed to handle, bad things are going to happen," Moses said. "It's like your car airbag going off at 65 miles per hour."
Virgin Galactic hopes to complete construction of the second SpaceShipTwo in mid-2015. For now, its official name is 202VG -the second series of the SpaceShipTwo family. Informally, though, employees have taken to calling the new ship "Hope.

Cognizant Forecasts Revenue Above Estimates as IT Spending RisesCognizant Forecasts Revenue Above Estimates as IT Spending Rises
How the Republicans won back Congress in US midtermsHow the Republicans won back Congress in US midterms
Parrikar as defence minister Goa goes into a spinParrikar as defence minister Goa goes into a spin
Rajnath Singh arrives in IsraelDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh arrived in Israel for what would be his first visit abroad to discuss bilateral issues including strengthening security ties and fight against terror.
Singh was scheduled to arrive here yesterday morning but had to reschedule his plans after his flight from Monaco was cancelled due to stormy weather. He finally reached Israel only at 10 PM local time.
The Minister was in Monaco to attend Interpol’s General Assembly.
Despite the unexpected change in Singh’s plans, Israel has rolled out a red carpet welcome for him going out of the way to accommodate his revised schedule and the Prime Minister’s Office here was quick to set up his meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu today evening.
“India is a very important ally for us and we view the Home Minister’s visit as very significant. We are looking forward to fruitful discussions that will strengthen cooperation between the two countries”, a senior Israeli government source told PTI.
It will be the first visit of an Indian Home Minister to Israel since June 2000 when L K Advani visited Jerusalem, marking an upsurge in bilateral cooperation.
Singh’s visit comes close on the heels of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s meeting with Netanyahu on the sidelines of the UNGA in New York in September.
During that meeting, Netanyahu had said that ‘sky is the limit’ in terms of prospects of cooperation between the two countries, seeking ‘greater and greater’ ties with India.
Singh will also be meeting Israel’s Minister of Public Security, Yitzhak Aharonovich, and National Security Adviser (NSA), Yossi Cohen, who would accompany him on a helicopter tour of bordering areas.
India and Israel have signed three agreements related to homeland security which covers important areas such as cooperation in preventing organized crime, human trafficking, cyber crimes, money laundering, counter-terrorism and fight against spread of fake currency notes.
Cohen had last month met Singh, NSA Ajit Doval and senior diplomats at the Ministry of External Affairs in Delhi to discuss ‘common challenges’ faced by the two countries and their solutions, emphasizing his country’s ‘willingness to expand cooperation in all fields and in any level.’
India is Israel’s largest purchaser of defence equipments and the Jewish state is the second largest supplier of arms and armaments for New Delhi, next only to Russia.
Singh will also try to impress upon Israel Defence Industries to take advantage of the new policies to manufacture in India as per Modi’s ‘Make in India’ initiative and assure them of a simple regulatory framework to obtain clearances within a stipulated time frame.
TAGS: Rajnath Singh Rajnath Singh Israel Visit
More from miscellaneous

Sachin Tendulkar unveils his autobiographyDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
Sachin Tendulkar’s much-awaited autobiography ‘Playing It My Way’ was launched in the presence of some of his former teammates, celebrities and family members at an engrossing ceremony here.
The book, the first copy of which he gave to his mother Rajni earlier in the day, was unveiled by Tendulkar himself amid thundering applause by the gathering.
At the launch, Tendulkar presented a copy to his mentor and childhood coach Ramakant Achrekar in the presence of his daughter Sara.
“I would like to present the first copy after launch to somebody very special in my life, Tendulkar said before handing over a copy of the book to a wheelchair-bound Achrekar.
Before the launch of the book, cricket analyst and host for the evening Harsha Bhogle had three panel discussion sessions with Tendulkar’s former teammates and family, who significantly feature in the book.
The first panel discussion was attended by former India captains Sunil Gavaskar, Dilip Vengsarkar, Ravi Shastri and former Mumbai cricketer Vasu Paranjape, who played a crucial role in shaping Tendulkar’s career.
Gavaskar remembered how he met Tendulkar for the first time and was impressed by his talent at the first look.
“Hemant Waingankar and Anil Joshi introduced me to Sachin and asked me to see him bat. Probably, I have finished my cricket at that stage.
He was batting at the Wankhede nets against Raju Kulkarni, who was a very slippery customer. In the nets you don’t really think about no balls and Raju was doing the same. But the manner in which Sachin was punching the ball off the backfoot towards mid-off and mid-on that impressed me,” Gavaskar recollected.
Asked what if he would got the chance to bat alongside Tendulkar, Gavaskar said: “I think as far as running between the wicket we would have been very good.”
Former Mumbai and Indian skipper Vengsarkar said he handpicked Tendulkar to play for the team after watching him easily negotiating India’s best fast bowler at the time, Kapil Dev, in the Wankhede Stadium nets, where the Indian team had come to play against the touring New Zealand team.
“I was the captain (of Mumbai) that time and I heard a lot about him. Vasu (Paranjape) brought him and introduced him to me. Vasu said you should go and watch Sachin play. I said not now but Vasu said no no you should go,” Vengsarkar said.
“I was playing my 100th Test and we were practicing at the CCI. I asked Kapil, Maninder to bowl at him and at such a tender age he played them with ease. Then I told (Mumbai) selectors we should pick him at least in the 15 but in the next three days he didn’t come for practice. I was a bit livid with him. I told Vasu to ask him the reason and he said I had an exam.”
Shastri, who watched Tendulkar from close quarters during the master batsman’s classic 148 not out at Sydney in 1992, said according to him that innings was the best of his career.
“In the tour of Pakistan in 1989, Sachin made his debut but got out early. I was lying down in the dressing room and was livid with my dismissal. He took his time and walked upto me after an hour. By the time I calmed down and and he said to me ‘I was in a hurry’.
“(During that innings) the time he was at the crease he looked like a fish out of water, but a month later he looked a big shark in the water and continued to be so for the next 25 years,” he said.
Talking about Tendulkar’s epic 148 not out in Sydney Cricket Groud, his first and one of the best on the Australian soil, Shastri, who was batting along side the master blaster said: “I was just 22 yards away and it was the best place to witness such a wonderful innings. I was witnessing someone just 18 was over to become the first overseas player to score a 100 in Australia. Tendulkar’s Sydney innings was strokeplay of the highest order.”
TAGS: Playing It My Way Sachin Tendulkar Sachin Tendulkar Autobiography Sachin Tendulkar Book
More from miscellaneous

BSE Sensex to remain closetodayMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
India’s stocks, bonds and currency markets will be closed on Thursday for a holiday. Trading will resume on Friday.
The benchmark BSE index closed 0.2 percent higher at 27,915.88 on Wednesday. Earlier, it rose as much as 0.54 percent to break above the 28,000 mark and touch a fresh record high of 28,010.39.
The broader NSE index gained 0.17 percent to 8,338.30. The index gained as much as 0.5 percent to hit a record high of 8,365.55 points.
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.41/42 per dollar, largely unchanged from Monday’s close of 61.40/41.
The benchmark 10-year bond yield closed 7 basis points lower at 8.19 percent on Wednesday, its lowest level since Aug. 12, 2013.
TAGS: BSE Sensex Sensex Today
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Nexus 6 might come to India in a fortnight  price to be around Rs 40 000New system allows computers to teach by example
The next Nexus smartphone made by Motorola (a Lenovo company now ) might be launched on November 18 in India.
It has been reliably learnt that the Nexus 6 smartphone will be available by the first week of December and there is a strong possibility that the new Nexus smartphone will be launched with a fortnight in the country. It has already been reported that the Nexus 6 smartphone will be launched in the country in the first wave itself.
The Nexus 6 smartphone will be priced around Rs 40,000 for the 32 GB version. The 64 GB variant will be priced around Rs 45,000. The Nexus 6 32GB has been already listed on Flipkart as ‘coming soon’. It seems the smartphone will be sold on Flipkart and Google Play only as of now.
We got to play with the phone at Google’s annual Asia-Pacific press event at Taipei, Taiwan. At first glance, the Nexus 6 looks like a larger version of the new Moto X smartphone. It features a 6-inch quad HD display. Despite the 6-inch screen, the Nexus 6 doesn’t compromise much on one-handed operability. It never gives the user the feel that the device is big to hold.
On the hardware front, the Nexus 6 runs on a 2.7 GHz quad-core Snapdragon 805 processor with the Adreno 420 GPU and 3 GB RAM. Running the latest Android 5.0 Lollipop OS, the smartphone sports a 13 MP rear camera and has a 2 MP front camera. Powered by a 3220 mAh battery, the Nexus 6 comes with Bluetooth 4.1, WiFi, NFC and supports 4K video playback.
TAGS: Flipkart Nexus 6 Nexus 6 Price Nexus Smartphone
More from industry

HTC M8 gets a boost with Eye camera appNew system allows computers to teach by example
The HTC One M8 has one of the best cameras in a smart phone. Now, the Taiwanese smartphone major is updating its flagship with its latest camera software, the one it pushed on the new HTC Desire Eye. The HTC Desire Eye is the first smartphone to sport 13MP cameras in the rear and front. The Eye software lets you make best use of the same with unique features like Crop-Me-In and Split Capture. We check out the new Eye software on the HTC flagship.
Eye camera
The Eye camera software will soon be available across a lot of HTC’s smartphone line-up. For now it is seen on the HTC Desire Eye phone as well as newer models of the HTC One M8. The software, along with the regular Camera and Selfie options, gives you a Crop-Me-In option, photo booth and split capture.
Crop-Me-In: Since I used the HTC Desire Eye soon after its launch in New York, I have been wondering what the purpose of this feature is. But I am sure there are lots of people out there who would want to see themselves cropped against the Taj Mahal. What the app does is crop you mug shot clicked using the front camera on the image that is being clicked with the back camera at that point of time. The results are good if you have a white background, very hard to find when you are at a tourist spot, or any place you want to shoot a picture. Even if the results are good, there is something aesthetically weird about you jutting out from the corner of a screen. I would click a photo with this and pass it on for the rest of my photographic adventures.
Photo booth: Now, this one is for the compulsive selfie clicker. Once you click the trigger, the app initiates four selfies at three-second intervals. Great option when you want to fool around of Whatsapp your new hairstyle to family around the world. This feature showcases the quality of the selfie on this camera as well as the speed with which the M8 can move to the next show. I wouldn’t mind using this once in a while to goof around with my son.
Split capture: This feature let’s you click two similar size photos with both the cameras at the same time. Both results are good though the M8 does not have the dual camera power of the HTC Desire Eye. You might want to use this once in a while, maybe to show an expression of distress while stuck in a Delhi traffic jam.
Zoe
This app has been there on HTC phones for a while. Now, it has been released for other Android phones as well as iOS.  The app let’s you create an automatic mintage of your images and videos and share it with friends. The results are profession quality though all you do is select the theme. It even overlays a music track for the 30-second footage. It is better to mix videos and photos separately for best results. A great app to have for those with a good camera phone.
TAGS: HTC HTC Desire Eye HTC Eye Camera App HTC M8 Selfie
More from industry

Bigg Boss 8: Chaotic huddle for luxuryCelebrity
Sushant Divgikar bows out of Bigg Boss Season 8
Seven weeks inside the Bigg Boss house is no easy feat! And after spending as much time in the Bigg Boss house, it is now Sushant Divgikar’s turn to return to the outside world as he finds himself eliminated from the show.
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s ... more 
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s gang, Sushant was friendly with them all. less 
1 / 30

Bengal urges investment in agri-unitsBengal urges investment in agri-units
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, November 5:  
West Bengal Agriculture Minister Purnendu Bose on Wednesday said the State would arrange land for any investment in agriculture-related units.
The minister said this at an inaugural function of the three-day agriculture development festival at Kalyani University campus near here.
More than 2,000 farmers, academicians and industry representatives, attended the event, organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry in association with the West Bengal Government.
The Minister said for the food manufacturing industry, dearth of land was not an issue.
The West Bengal Government has taken up a hands-off policy regarding procurement of land for setting up industrial projects.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

New York mom guilty of manslaughter in son s deathA health care millionaire who fatally drugged her developmentally disabled son was convicted of manslaughter.
By: Associated Press | New York | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:02 am
A health care millionaire who fatally drugged her developmentally disabled son was convicted of manslaughter on Wednesday in what her defense portrayed as a mercy killing by a mother trying to escape a labyrinth of fear and despair.
Gigi Jordan had been charged with murder after her 8-year-old son’s death in a pill-strewn luxury hotel room in February 2010. Jurors found her guilty of the lesser charge of manslaughter after her lawyers argued she was overcome by emotion when she killed Jude Mirra and tried to kill herself.
She faces up to 25 years in prison. The murder charge could have put her behind bars for life. Her sentencing hasn’t been set, but she’s due back in court in January.
The jury has “held the defendant accountable for killing her non-verbal, autistic child. Gigi Jordan showed no mercy to her son, and should receive none at the time of her sentencing,” Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said in a statement.
Her lawyer Earl Ward said, “This was never a case of murder and the jury after careful and thoughtful deliberation arrived at that very conclusion.”
A nurse who made an estimated $40 million as a medical entrepreneur, Jordan left her career to seek care around the country for her nearly mute, often tormented-seeming son. He was initially diagnosed autistic, though she has said other medical explanations followed, as varying as immune-system disorders and post-traumatic stress disorder.
Prosecutors said Jordan, 53, killed the boy with chilling determination, plunging a deadly combination of painkillers and other medications down his throat with a syringe, because she couldn’t handle knowing his condition would never be cured.
“Instead of focusing on the gift that was Jude Mirra, instead of focusing on the laughter and the happiness, all she could see was the disability and the challenges, and she couldn’t accept it,” Manhattan Assistant District Attorney Matthew Bogdanos said in a closing argument.
A friend of Jordan’s testified that Jordan had talked about taking her own life and Jude’s about three years before she did, saying she would “end it” if a new set of treatments didn’t help.
Bogdanos called the killing “deliberate, planned, calculated,” noting that as Jude lay dying or dead, Jordan transferred money out of a trust fund for him and arranged to extend her hotel stay.
But Jordan’s lawyers said she acted out of a conviction as real to her as it might seem remote to others: that her life was in danger because one of her ex-husbands wanted her dead to keep her from airing claims of financial malfeasance, and that her death would leave Jude defenseless against another man she says had sexually abused him.
“I couldn’t see any way out of the situation,” except killing herself and Jude, she testified.
Both men have denied Jordan’s claims, and neither has continued…

Ro Khanna gives tough fight to Congressman Honda  may scripthistoryBy: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: November 6, 2014 6:20 am
Running a high-voltage campaign and having earned the support of top Silicon Valley donors and corporate executives, young Indian-American Ro Khanna could be on the verge of creating history.
In the Congressional elections held Tuesday, he is trailing the incumbent Mike Honda by a little over 3,500 votes. But he has already caught the attention of political pundits nationwide.
However, thousands of provisional ballots were yet to be counted, on which Khanna and his team are pinning their hopes.
Mainstream media outlets have not called off the race and are waiting for the rest of the ballots to be counted.
Unseating a seven-term Congressman that too from his own party is a considered to be a daunting task – given that Honda has been endorsed by the US President Barack Obama and top Democratic leadership including Nancy Pelosi.
But 38-year-old Khanna hired entire re-election team of Barack Obama and earned the support of top Silicon Valley executives.
Honda, 73, is almost twice his age.
The election results also indicate that Khanna was able to considerably reduce the 20 point lead that Honda enjoyed at the start of the campaign.
Yesterday, both the campaigns kept quiet, pinning their hopes on counting of thousands of provisional ballots.
“Regardless of the results, we have a lot to celebrate,” Khanna had told his supporters Tuesday night.
Khanna’s campaign said the battle was far from over. “It’s a good beginning but it’s not the end yet,” Honda had said.
“The energy was high and people were responding very positively,” he added.
If elected, Khanna would be the fourth Indian-American to be elected to the US House of Representatives. He would also be the first Hindu Indian-American to enter the House of Representatives.
Born to migrant parents from Punjab, Khanna served as the Deputy Assistant Secretary in the US Department of Commerce under Obama.
His maternal grandfather, Amarnath Vidyalankar, was part of Gandhi’s independence movement working with Lala Lajpat Rai and spent years in jail.

Goldman  CLSA  others join the hunt for Indi...Centrum Wealth Management
(Online shopping in India…)
MUMBAI: As the Indian e-commerce story begins to play out and the hunt is on to find India's next Alibaba, brokerage houses are quickly doing a mid-course correction and rushing to cover e-commerce stocks such as Just Dial and Info Edge.
Foreign brokerages such as Goldman Sachs , CLSA , Credit Suisse , HSBC , JPMorgan and UBS have all started tracking these stocks, as they sense the potential of the e-commerce space, and its big-bang impact on Dalal Street .
Sample this: last July, only three brokerage houses were covering Just Dial, which has jumped to 23 at present, even as the stock has surged nearly three times since its listing in June 2013. Similarly, Info Edge is currently tracked by 24 brokerage houses, against 16 in July last, while the stock has jumped 120 per cent in one year, according to Bloomberg data.
"The e-commerce space is the next big emerging theme in the markets, and brokerage houses don't want to miss the bus. We expect many success stories to unfold in the listed space, and currently we are at the beginning of an e-commerce boom," Kunj Bansal, ED and chief investment officer at Centrum Wealth Management , said.
Analysts believe that in the e-commerce space, there are multiple enablers for explosive growth, including a rapidly growing number of internet users, steady rise in the proportion of online shoppers within the internet community, growth in the per-shopper transaction value, and continuous flow of capital investments, making these firms attractive bets.
"The money which has been raised by Flipkart and Snapdeal has grabbed everybody's attention. The trend of online shopping by Indian retailers hold great promise in the e-commerce space," said Dipen Shah, head — private client group research, Kotak Securities .
Online shopping in India of physical goods is estimated to reach around $4 billion in 2014, and will multiply by over 11 times to hit $45 billion by 2020, according to MOSL report. "We have initiated coverage on Info Edge with a buy rating and price target of Rs 1,100, as we see the company in direct and high quality play on the exploding e-commerce opportunity," said Rajat Rajgarhia, managing director — institutional equities at Motilal Oswal Securities .
One of the reasons why brokerages are gung-ho is India's growing internet population, which is estimated to grow to 400 million by 2016, making it the second largest in the world.
"On Just Dial, we have a buy recommendation with a target price of Rs 1,800, as the company is the leader in local search engines with a strong e-commerce presence, which is a winning formula," Rajgarhia added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Irom Sharmilas fast against AFSPA enters 15th yearUpdated: November 6, 2014 03:00 IST
Irom Sharmila’s fast against AFSPA enters 15th year
Iboyaima Laithangbam
Tweet
AP Women sit in a hunger strike to mark the 14th anniversary of the hunger strike of Irom Sharmila in Imphal on Wednesday.
AP In this November 3, 2014 photo, Irom Sharmila, 42, cries by her bed at the Jawaharlal Nehru Hospital where she is kept in judicial custody on charges of attempted suicide, in Imphal.
AP In this November 3, 2014 photo, Irom Sharmila waves goodbye to activists who visited her at the Jawaharlal Nehru Hospital where she is kept in judicial custody in Imphal.
AP In this November 3, 2014 photo, Irom Sharmila interacts with human rights activists who visited her at the Jawaharlal Nehru Hospital where she is kept in judicial custody in Imphal.
SLIDESHOW
demonstration
Activists and supporters marked the day with fasts and sit-in protests.
Irom Sharmila continued her fast unto death on Wednesday in Imphal, entering the 15th year of her protest demanding repeal of the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1958. She began her fast on November 4, 2000.
Activists and supporters marked the day with fasts and sit-in protests.
Members of the Save Sharmila Group sat on a fast at their office at Porompat in support of her campaign. The protesters, from various women’s organisations, staged a sit-in at Lamyanba Shanglen in Imphal. Several activists, including human rights campaigners from abroad, were present. Demanding that the government should lift the draconian law, the activists vowed to mobilise global support for her cause.
Human rights activist, Ramani of the Save Sharmila Group, said she wanted to know why the “educated sections” are traumatising the peace-loving people. Despite the imposition of the AFSPA there are bloody incidents almost every day, she said adding though Ms. Sharmila has been fasting for 14 years, the government has not taken any serious note on the issue.
Film personalities from the State also marked the day by joining a sit-in at Lamphel. They said that the Film Forum Manipur is planning a biopic on Ms. Sharmila.
Students of Ananda Singh Academy in Imphal east district also launched a protest with a token fasting on the day.

Goa CM Parrikar tipped for defence in cabinet rejigGoa CM Manohar Parrikar tipped for defence portfolio in cabinet rejig
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 21:03 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 09:52 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Narendra Modi will likely reshuffle and expand his council of ministers on Sunday, with Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar tipped to get the key defence portfolio and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi set to return as a cabinet minister.
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar (L) took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. (Sameer Sehgal/HT File Photo)
The long-awaited revamp of the team that has ruled India since late May will lighten the burden on some ministers who hold more than one portfolio and give the Prime Minister a chance to promote high achievers while getting rid of a few who have failed to keep pace, government and BJP sources said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, who holds additional charge of the defence portfolio, had said early in his tenure that this was only a temporary arrangement.  The 58-year-old Parrikar flew to Delhi early on Wednesday after cancelling a meeting of his state cabinet, and met BJP chief Amit Shah and, later in the day, Modi.
 
“The Prime Minister did not talk about my joining the cabinet; we discussed Goa issues,” he said after meeting Modi. The likely move of the well-regarded chief minister to Delhi will leave the BJP with a big hole to plug in Goa, and party leaders were in discussions about his replacement.
Naqvi, minister of state in the Vajpayee government, is likely to become minister in charge of statistics and planning, the sources said.  His entry will provide the cabinet another prominent Muslim face after minority affairs minister Najma Heptulla.
Jayant Sinha, who holds a Harvard MBA and is the son of former finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is likely to be inducted as minister of state (MoS), either in the defence or finance ministry. Nirmala Sitharaman may be promoted from MoS to cabinet minister, likely in charge of the commerce and industry ministry, and give up her current additional role as MoS in the finance ministry.
Haryana leader Birender Singh, who had crossed over from the Congress to the BJP ahead of the Haryana assembly election, is understood to be in contention for a berth in the council of ministers and is likely to get independent charge of a ministry.
 
BJP youth wing chief Anu-rag Thakur, a Lok Sabha MP from Himachal Pradesh, and Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, who was instrumental in uncovering the coal block scam, are other probable candidates.
Bihar MPs Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a Brahmin, and Giriraj Singh, a Bhumihar, are also said to be serious contenders for a place in the council of ministers.  MPs from Uttarakhand and West Bengal may miss the bus again, said sources.
 
Modi is understood to be considering lightening the burden of some ministers holding more than one portfolio. Ravi Shankar Prasad (law, communication & IT), Prakash Javadekar (I&B and environment), Nitin Gadkari (rural development, road transport & highways, panchayati raj and drinking water) and Piyush Goyal (power, coal, new and renewable energy) are among the ministers who hold multiple portfolios.
 
Speculation is also rife about changes in Rail Bhawan and Krishi Bhawan. Given the PM’s motto of “minimum government, maximum governance”, the sources ruled out any large-scale expansion. Modi’s present team includes 22 cabinet ministers and an equal number of MoS.
(with agency inputs)

Express 5: Communal clashes surge after BJP-JD(U) split; Low prices make for bitter sugarharvestPrint
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 9:05 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 9:17 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. Communal tension
Bihar has seen over 170 incidents of communal clashes since June 2013, when the BJP parted ways with the JD(U) government.
2. Seeds of crisis II
In 2013-14, India shipped out about 2.2 million tonnes of its 24.3 million tonnes production.
Dealing with restive cane growers will probably be the first major challenge that Devendra Fadnavis will face as Chief Minister of Maharashtra.
3. Maoist
PLGA members in training at Porahat, Jharkhand. (Source: Express photo by Manas Choudhary)
A platoon commander of the CPI (Maoist)’s People’s Liberation Guerrilla Army has confessed that the outfit is not in a healthy state in its former stronghold of Porahat sub-zone
Read: A Maoist leader admits ground lost in stronghold
4. Opinion
ANI’s attempt to question Vadra on camera, showed off his talents for boorish behaviour as he glared coldly at the ANI reporter and smacked away the microphone imperiously before delivering a menacing warning.
Read: The award goes to
5. Sports
Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid during the book launch in Mumbai on Wednesday. ( Source: Express photo by Pradip Das)
Sachin Tendulkar, at the launch of his autobiography, was on stage with Rahul Dravid and Sourav Ganguly and the three joked recalling that tumultuous Test match day in Multan.

Indian markets closed todayIndian markets closed today
India  Russia agree to boost economic and trade tiesIndia  Russia agree to boost economic and trade ties
Nobel-winning economist lauds Raghuram RajanHi Guest
Nobel-winning economist lauds Raghuram Rajan
Nobel laureate economist Finn Kydland supported Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan's strategy of fighting inflation through high interest rates and dismissed concerns of its impact on the growth. "If inflation has been over 8 per cent, then it is reasonable to cut it down to under that level and do his best to make that with a creditable policy," the Norwegian economist who won the Nobel in 2004 told reporters. Earlier this evening, Kydland delivered a lecture at the University of Mumbai. On ...

Budgam firing incident  most unfortunate : Ram MadhavDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
Former RSS spokesperson Ram Madhav, who has now been inducted into BJP, today said that the Budgam firing incident was “most unfortunate” and sought compensation for the victims’ families.
“Budgam firing incident most unfortunate. Def Min should expedite inquiry and act against d guilty. Victims’ families shud get compensation (sic),” Madhav said in a tweet.
A couple of hours later, he retweeted a post by one of his followers on Twitter, which said, “Sir, it’s an unfortunate incident… They (army men) fired when the car didn’t stop when asked to. Could’ve been a threat!”.
Madhav, who is now a BJP general secretary, replied to him saying, “Yes. Army’s is a tight rope walk. That is why they are specially trained to ensure minimum mishaps”.
Two youths were killed and two others injured in army firing at Chattergam in Budgam district of Kashmir on Nov. 3.
Defence Minister Arun Jaitley has termed the incident highly regrettable while the Home Ministry has sought a report from the state government in the matter.
TAGS: Ram Madhav Ram Madhav Budgam Firing
More from miscellaneous

Govt takes tough stand in WTO food-stockpiling rowManoj Kumar and Tom Miles     New Delhi/Geneva   Last Updated: November 7, 2014  | 13:43 IST
Critics say food stockpiling amounts to paying farmers to produce food, building food surpluses that will eventually get dumped on world markets. (Photo: Reuters)
The government defied the world on Wednesday in a row over food stockpiling that has crippled attempts to reach a global trade agreement, raising doubts that backroom talks can reach a compromise before a G20 (Group of 20) summit in November.
At the end of July, Prime Minister Narendra Modi pulled the plug on implementing a trade-facilitation deal struck in Bali in 2013, linking it to the emotive issue of rural poverty in the country.
The government wants to keep a so-called 'peace clause' that protects its huge state food purchases until the World Trade Organization (WTO) can strike a definitive deal on stockpiling. As originally envisaged in Bali, the clause would expire in four years.
Critics say food stockpiling amounts to paying farmers to produce food, building food surpluses that will eventually get dumped on world markets.
The government's blockade has plunged the WTO into its worst crisis in two decades, leading Director General Roberto Azevedo to float the idea of abandoning the consensus principle on which the 160-member group operates.
Modi's tough line jars with the 'Make in India' pitch he has taken to investors abroad in his first five months in charge as Prime Minister. Having failed to make progress on trade when he met United States President Barack Obama in Washington, he could be isolated at his first G20 summit of world leaders in Brisbane, Australia, on November 15-16.
"India's position on trade facilitation has been completely misunderstood because of unreasonable positioning by some of the developed countries," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said at the India Economic Summit organised by the World Economic Forum in the national capital on Wednesday.
The Finance Minister repudiated suggestions that the government was fundamentally opposed to trade facilitation, which would entail easing port and customs procedures.
A senior US trade official said there was still hope all WTO members would agree but "if we are unable to do so I think there is a lot of interest among countries in exploring alternatives for those countries who at least initially want to move ahead with those obligations."
QUIET DIPLOMACY
The government has begun backroom efforts to break the deadlock , sending a top trade ministry official to Geneva this week for talks with Azevedo and key WTO members.
Trade diplomats said there was no hint, however, that a compromise could be reached on the country's demands, which have been vague and varied in the months since its veto.
On Monday, the Prime Minister held a meeting of trade ministry officials to discuss how the deadlock could be broken without compromising the country's food-security concerns.
"If India has to submit a proposal, it would be presented at the right time," a senior trade ministry official with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
The government refuses to bow to foreign calls to scale back a scheme to buy wheat and rice that it distributes to 850 million people. In a recent disclosure to the WTO, the government said those purchases cost US $13.8 billion in 2010-11, part of the US $56.1 billion it spent in total on farm support.
"All that we are requesting is the settlement of the dispute with regard to the food stock holdings, and the peace clause must continue to co-exist," Jaitley said.
Diplomats say that without a WTO deal on trade facilitation, countries could simply tack the draft agreement onto their existing membership terms. They say this would put the onus on the government to object, and explain why its interests had been damaged.
Yet economists say WTO members lack any effective means to bring pressure to bear against the country, which is also Asia's third-largest economy.
"It's an issue that in India is so politicised; you have hordes of the population living in poverty and depending on food aid," said Shilan Shah, an economist who covers India at Capital Economics in London.
"The WTO hasn't really shown the kind of will to move on without India's agreement. What it demonstrates is how important India is to the global trading community."
(Reuters)

Now  Karti Chidambaram questions high-command cultureComments
The Congress “high command” came in for fresh criticism on Wednesday, with senior leader P Chidambaram’s son Karti questioning Delhi micro-managing state units, barely three days after former minister GK Vasan quit the party over the same issue.
Discontent against the central leadership is growing in the party that was humiliated in Maharashtra and Haryana in October after ending up with its worst ever Lok Sabha tally in the summer’s national elections.
 
“We must rethink this high-command observer culture. We cannot wait for Delhi to show the path in every single way,” Karti said in Chennai.
Karti, who lost the Lok Sabha polls from Sivaganga after his father opted out of the contest, also said the leadership should give state units more freedom.
Vasan and his supporters had blamed party general secretary in-charge of Tamil Nadu Mukul Wasnik for their exit, saying the central leadership had repeatedly mishandled its unit in the southern state.
But, the Congress’ troubles go beyond Tamil Nadu.
 
Former chief ministers Prithviraj Chavan and Bhupinder Singh Hooda, both perceived to be close to the “high command”, have faced flak for the defeat in Maharashtra and Haryana. Party colleagues have questioned their failure to retain the states even after being given a free hand in picking candidates and planning campaign.
“We lack a charismatic leader and unless there is someone who can take on the opponents, there is little hope for the party,” a senior leader from Maharashtra said on condition of anonymity.
 
Even after the poll disaster, Chavan had the support of party vice-president Rahul Gandhi to take over as the leader of the Congress legislature party, said another state leader.
The party is battling trouble in the east as well. In poll-bound Jharkhand, state leaders got their way with the leadership in ending alliance with the ruling Jharkhand Mukti Morcha. Had the tie-up continued, many of them would have missed out on a chance to contest polls, said a source. Jharkhand along with Jammu and Kashmir will hold five-phased elections, beginning November 25.
Congress managers are also disturbed about reports of dissent brewing in Bihar unit ahead of the crucial state polls next year. Some leaders have raised a banner of revolt against party general secretary CP Joshi and state chief Ashok Chowdhary over their “arbitrary” decision to dissolve all committees. Many of them are camping in Delhi to press for the removal of Joshi, considered close to Rahul, and Chowdhary.
Further east, Assam leaders are upset with the leadership’s indecision on revamping the organisation.
(With inputs from state bureaus)

Dr Sabharwal s Manufacturing Labs reports standalone net profit of Rs 0.18 crore in the September 2014 quarterDr Sabharwal s Manufacturing Labs reports standalone net profit of Rs 0.18 crore in the September 2014 quarter
Dollar keeps marching higher  Euro cowers as ECB loomsDollar keeps marching higher  Euro cowers as ECB looms
Obama Tells Voters  I Hear You  After Mid-Term DebacleObama Tells Voters  I Hear You  After Mid-Term Debacle
Karnataka HM faults the media for projecting Bengaluru as  rape cityDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
Facing heat over increasing sexual assaults of minor girls in schools, Karnataka Home Minister K J George waded into a controversy as he blamed the media for highlighting “only such news” and projecting Bengaluru as “a rape city” to increase TRP ratings.
“What has happened to the media is you want only such news, you are showing only such news to increase your TRP. Show good news, it will be good,” George told reporters here.
His remarks came when questioned about a spate of sexual assault incidents in schools here grabbing national headlines with four cases involving minor girls occurring in as many months, evoking public outrage and protests.
Asked if he wants the media to refrain from publishing such news, he said “I’m responding to your question- that such news has grabbed national headlines….”
“I have told in detail several times that after Nirbhaya case Sec 376 (relating to rape) has got a wider definition, and the incidents happening within the school premises should be stopped by school managements. When complaints have come we have acted.”
“Projecting Bengaluru as rape city and putting people of Karnataka in a bad light, we have objections to it,” he said, as the government came under fire over the recurrence of sexual assaults on minor girls in schools.
In July, Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah had courted a controversy over the alleged rape of a six-year-old girl in a city private school, as he asked the media if it did not have any other issue.
“Except that, don’t you have any other issue? Is this the only news you have?” Siddaramaiah had snapped back at reporters who sought to know the latest on the case that had evoked public outrage and drawn criticism of his government for not acting swiftly.
TAGS: Bengaluru K J George Karnataka Home Minister Rape City
More from miscellaneous

UK banks seek to offload toxic mortgagesUK banks seek to offload old mortgage books
Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd8527f6-59d2-11e4-9787-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asian mobile apps challenge tech giants like Apple Inc  GoogleNew system allows computers to teach by example
Asian-origin mobile applications LINE, YAY and WeChat are posing challenges to technology giants Apple, Facebook, Google and other telecoms carriers, cutting into their market shares, according to a Singapore -based firm.
These social messaging services have become alternatives and offer more options for product advertisers, providers of goods and services and mobile apps, said Nakul Gupta, the Chief Technology Officer at Clone Algo group.
New inventions allow Tencent Holdings’ WeChat users to book taxis, top up phone credit, while Clone Algo’s YAY App users are able to talk and chat free besides being able to apply for online for micro loans and use Clone Algo trading algorithms.
Highlighting some of the latest achievements of these applications, Gupta said that in Thailand, Naver Corp’s LINE broke all records recently through a “flash sales via its app” with more than five million users signing up to buy lipsticks and other products.
Companies marketing these services are further strengthening their product lines and marketing through acquisitions and raising funds for more research and development work, he said.
Rakuten Inc has acquired messaging company Viber for USD 900 million to gain further ground in the market place.
To support its market and R&D work, Singapore-based Clone Algo is raising USD 250 Million at a valuation of USD 11 billion while Line has similar placement plans, according to banking sources.
Recently launched YAY had difficulties in penetrating some of the smaller emerging markets because of the lack of scale or distribution infrastructure.
“But with the launch of YAY Micro loans, the service can now penetrate markets with our digital businesses,” said Gupta of the Clone Algo.
All these service providers are competing for market share especially the billions of mobile phone users around the globe and especially the ever increasing numbers of mobile-savvy consumers in India and China.
Over 50 per cent of the active smart phones are on these user-friendly apps, which has already replaced the traditional short messages or SMSes.
“The market has become very attractive,” said Gupta, pointing out that some companies have built a base of over 10 million per app. YAY, LINE, KakaoTalk and WeChat have emerged as some of the most popular in Asia with their offers of mixes of chat, downloadable icons and loans.
Though not ignorant of the challenges, the big players are not in a position to challenges the newcomers who are usually dominant in their domestic markets – YAY in India and Middle East, LINE in Japan, KakaoTalk in South Korea and WeChat in China.
TAGS: Apple Inc Facebook Google LINE WeChat YAY
More from industry

Modi reviews progress of infra sectorsNew Delhi, November 5, 2014
Updated: November 5, 2014 18:47 IST
Modi reviews progress of infra sectors
PTI
The Hindu Reviewing the works in connectivity-linked infrastructure sectors, Prime Minister Narendra Modi emphasised the need for faster inter-ministerial coordination and resolution of issues. File photo: Ramesh Sharma
TOPICS
interior policy
The review focussed on progress of work towards achievement of targets in the sectors of road, railways, shipping and civil aviation.
A new civil aviation policy is under preparation of the government, a high-level meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi was told on Wednesday amid his thrust on inter-linking connectivity-related infrastructure sectors.
Reviewing the works in connectivity-linked infrastructure sectors, he emphasised the need for faster inter-ministerial coordination and resolution of issues, and laid stress on achieving visible results in clear timeframes.
Mr. Modi directed strict monitoring of projects, based on monthly completion of targets.
He said he looked forward to a meeting with coastal states to discuss infrastructure, coastal security, island development and tourism in an integrated and holistic manner.
The review focussed on progress of work towards achievement of targets in the sectors of road, railways, shipping and civil aviation.
“The Prime Minister underlined that the development vision of various connectivity-related infrastructure sectors should be inter-related and closely coordinated,” a PMO statement said.
With regard to the civil aviation sector, it was noted that a new policy is under preparation.
Mr. Modi said states should be made partners in working out and maintaining the viability of new international airports proposed to be set up within their territory.
Expressing satisfaction over the beginning of work at Pakyong Airport in Sikkim, it was noted that with the start of the second route for the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra and the thrust of Sikkim as an organic state, this airport would be able to cater to a huge demand for air services.
The meeting was also told that 20 projects in 10 sectors have been identified for FDI following the decision to allow 100 per cent foreign investment in the railways.
The railways have also designed and fabricated a new wagon specifically for transport of salt, which will lead to a 40 per cent increase in the carrying capacity.
Referring to Sagarmala project under which ports of the country are to be inter—linked, Modi said it must lay stress on “port-led development“—which will include various connectivity elements like ports, international shipping, highways and railways.
Emphasising that there is now no delay in decision-making at the highest level, the Prime Minister said it should now be possible to achieve all infrastructure targets, the statement said.
He urged top officials to undertake cyber-visits of all major project locations at least once a month, so that they could keep track of the progress of work on a real-time basis, it said.

Dalal Street in for big bull run: SharekhanCadila
('We are in for a big bull run…)
In a chat with ET Now, Hemang Jani, Senior Vice President, Sharekhan, gives his views on the market and some stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: There were fresh highs today for the Bank Nifty and the Nifty again. Do you think we could reach a stumbling block soon because of the developments across the globe or do you think our momentum is going to take us even higher from here?
Hemang Jani: A lot of things are falling in place for us. So as we have already run up so much, is there a case for some kind of a correction? Yes, it can come through. We have seen that happen in the last five to six months, but in trying to fine-tune this to perfection, we are actually missing out on a much bigger opportunity at hand. So what we are saying is that we are in for a big bull run and may use any correction to buy into it, but first put a substantial amount at work so that you can participate in the bigger upside.
ET Now: The standard advice seems to be that every correction is a decline and we are in a bull market. So my question is: if we are in a bull market, why wait for a correction because the corrections are not there? I mean what did we get after Diwali, a correction of only 2%?
Hemang Jani: Yes, what you are saying is right. What one needs to do is to put maybe 60-70% of the total corpus at work immediately rather than trying to fine-tune into perfection. But depending upon how the global events unfold or some results disappointment in the domestic market, that could cause some volatility. So it is sensible to have about 25-30% kind of cash, but overall, the upside potential for the market from the current levels is much higher.
ET Now: Any fresh set of ideas? Every time we interact with you, you are happy to share two or three midcap ideas. So what is the latest from the house of Sharekhan?
Hemang Jani: We have our eyes on Rico Auto, where we think that because of the recent divestment that the company has done of selling its stake, they are going to get close to Rs 495 crore, which is an extremely high amount compared to the market cap of the company, which is about Rs 630 crore. They have put up three new facilities in Chennai, in Sanand and in Rajasthan. There is enough strong visibility and our research suggests that the growth for auto ancillary could be even higher than the OEM manufacturers.
So given these factors, we think that the operating leverage for the company would play a big role. So profit from Rs 2.7 crore can grow to about 70 crore in the next three years, which is almost a twenty-fold jump in the profitability. So we think that this stock can give a big upside. We have an immediate target of about Rs 55, but once we reach there, probably we will review it.
ET Now: Today we have seen Ipca Labs actually take a huge knock down on account of its import alert. Does it seem like it is time to now tread with caution when it comes to the pharmaceutical space purely because of the US FDA alerts and threats?
  Hemang Jani: Yes, this has been a case with a few companies in the last about six to eight months and particularly for Ipca, this could cause about 12% to 15% kind of a downgrade in earnings. We think that there is some more pain for Ipca, maybe another 8% to 10% downside. But looking at the pure fundamentals of the company and the fact that this problem will persist for another six to eight months, if there is a further correction of about 10% to 12%, it would also provide a good entry point.
ET Now: Do you track Cadila? It has done rather well.
Hemang Jani: Absolutely, it is one of our top picks in the midcap pharma space and we think that Cadila overall has done extremely well in the last two or three quarters after a lull kind of a performance for almost two to three years. There are a few interesting approvals which the company has got and is still quoting at a discount of almost about 20% to some of the large cap companies like Lupin and Sun Pharma. So we think that there is some more upside left for a company like Cadila.
ET Now: What is your take on HDFC Bank? This is really the darling of investors. Everyone has just one opinion on HDFC Bank, which is hold it, buy it, do not sell it. Yet HDFC Bank is not going anywhere.
Hemang Jani: I would disagree to some extent with you. It has been an underperformer for the last about six to eight months, but if you look at the last two to four years' timeframe, it has actually comprehensively outperformed both the Bank Nifty as well as most of the other peers. It is one of the most stable companies particularly when we are talking about NPL cycles. If you look at their performance, it is much better.
Now that the overall economic growth is going to come back to about 6-6.5%, we think that the earlier growth rate of about 25% to 28% is also possible. The immediate reason for the underperformance was this FII limit issue which once gets resolved, there is going to be a decent upside. So we think that HDFC Bank is a strong buy at this point of time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

German borrowing costs fall to record lowGerman borrowing costs fall to record low
Elaine Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/387af67c-64da-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Live Election Night Sketchbook: From cannabis to the can-do GOP.By Michael Cavna November 5 Follow @comicriffs
FROM MARYLAND’s Larry Hogan to Utah’s Mia Love , Election Day 2014 was full of upsets and surprises. The GOP took the Senate and won even more races than many predicted. Mark Warner was facing a tight race in Virginia. And marijuana legislation passed in the District of Columbia and Oregon — and received majority support in Florida, though it was defeated due to the state’s ballot initiative laws.
Here are the Comic Riffs cartoons rendered as the election results rolled in:
 

TripAdvisor sinks as earnings disappointNovember 5, 2014 6:14 pm
TripAdvisor sinks as earnings disappoint
Mamta Badkar and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c3d4b0b2-650e-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Foreign Investment Limit in Edelweiss Financial Raised: RBIBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Mumbai: Foreign investors can now invest up to 40 per cent of the paid-up capital in Edelweiss Financial Services, up from the earlier limit of 28 per cent.
"The foreign institutional investors (FIIs)/Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs) can now invest up to 40 per cent of the paid-up capital of Edelweiss Financial Services Limited under the Portfolio Investment Scheme," the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said in a notification.
The enhanced limit for such investment follows passage of resolutions at board of directors level and a special resolution by shareholders agreeing to up the limit from 28 per cent to 40 per cent for the purchase of company's equity shares and convertible debentures by FIIs.
FIIs, RFPIs, NRIs and PIO (persons of Indian origin) can invest in primary and secondary capital markets in India through the portfolio investment scheme.
As of quarter ended September 30, 2014, FIIs held a 22.61 per cent share in Edelweiss Financial Services, data from the BSE showed.
Shares in Edelweiss, on Wednesday, ended at Rs 53.45 apiece on the BSE, down 0.09 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 23:34 (IST)

Obama faces a big test of his relevancyObama faces a serious test of his own relevancy
The Republicans’ midterm sweep has left the White House isolated
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/00ded944-64e5-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola: Australia not to send health workers to AfricaThe field hospital in Sierra Leone will be staffed mainly by local health care workers. Photo: AP
TOPICS
disease
In what can be best described as half measure, Australia has assured financial aid — $20 million over the next eight months — to manage and run a 100-bed British field hospital in Sierra Leone but has shied away from sending health workers to Liberia, Guinea or Sierra Leone, the three West African countries that have been ravaged by Ebola disease.
“We are not sending people over. We are ensuring that there is a 100-bed treatment centre that’s staffed and run in Sierra Leone,” Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott told reporters in Sydney on Wednesday.
“The Ebola treatment facility will be staffed mainly by local health care workers, supported by a contingent of international staff, including some Australian volunteers,” notes a government press release.
Elaborating on the possible role to be played by Australian health workers, Mr. Abbott said, “We anticipate about 240 staff are required to do the job… Some will be international and it's quite possible, even likely, that some will be Australian.”
So much for his stress on local health workers, the fact is that Sierra Leone had just 100 doctors for a population of six million at the time Ebola struck the country. Hence it is not clear how the 100-bed facility needing 240 workers can be staffed mainly by local health care workers.
The Australian government has stayed away from even running the treatment facility. It would be outsourced to a health service provider. “Discussions are underway with Aspen Medical, an Australian company,” notes the government release.
This has been Australia’s way of responding to mounting international and national pressure to get involved in containing the disease at the source. Right from the beginning, Australia had made it unequivocally clear that it would provide financial aid but not humanitarian support.
Australia’s obstinate refusal to send health volunteers to the three countries was on the grounds that it would take nearly 30 hours to fly an infected worker back to Australia and hence impossible to get the worker back on time for treatment. It wanted an “iron-clad” guarantee that countries nearer to West Africa would receive the patient and provide medical support.
Despite getting “credible assurances for in-country treatment and medical evacuation” of its volunteers to Britain for treatment in case they get infected, Australia has refused to send health workers to West Africa.
It is worth recalling that in mid-September, Australia was one of 130 countries to co-sponsor a UN Security Council resolution calling on all countries to send aid and health workers to fight the virus at the source.
By far, the U.S., Britain and France have been in the forefront in fighting the disease at the source. While the U.S. has taken on a lead responsibility in Liberia, Britain has done the same in Sierra Leone and France in Guinea.
The U.S. alone has committed 3,000 troops to combat Ebola and will set up 17 field hospitals with 100 beds each in Liberia. According to NHS, Britain has committed to delivering 700 treatment beds in the coming months. It will also help roll out 200 community care centres where people suspected of being infected with Ebola can be tested. This will help in isolating the infected people from the rest of community and thus help contain the spread.
But less known is the role of China in containing the Ebola disease. Already about 200 medical workers and advisers from China are present in the three countries.
According to Science, “in the next few weeks, another 480 medical personnel from China’s People’s Liberation Army will arrive in Liberia to build and staff a 100-bed treatment centre.” China has undertaken several other measures like setting up quarantine centres and testing corpses to see if they are infected. Its financial assistance, till date, amounts to $123 million. China has huge interests in Africa and is the continent’s largest trading partner.
According to WHO, so far, nearly 13,700 people have been infected with Ebola and nearly 5,000 have died. By October, Sierra Leone had nearly 3,000 reported cases of infected people.

US  France cite concerns about Iran nuclear talksFrance and the United States on Wednesday stepped up demands for Iran to prove its nuclear program is peaceful.
By: Associated Press | Paris | Posted: November 6, 2014 3:15 am
With time running out on the latest round of negotiations, France and the United States on Wednesday stepped up demands for Iran to prove that its nuclear program is peaceful – or risk scuttling the closest chance for a deal in years and losing a chance to ease crippling sanctions on Tehran’s economy.
The entreaty to Iran comes days before US Secretary of State John Kerry is to meet with top diplomats to Iran and the European Union to discuss how to break the years-long deadlock before a November 24 deadline. Iran is seeking global recognition for its right to generate nuclear power – which it says it will use for energy, medical and other benign purposes – and the removal of at least some Western penalties against its oil and financial sectors.
But much of the rest of the world fears that Tehran, which has hindered fully transparent inspections of its reactors over the years, wants to build an atomic weapon.
“We have presented to them a framework that would allow them to meet their peaceful energy needs,” President Barack Obama said Wednesday. “Whether they can manage to say yes to what clearly would be better for Iran, better for the region, and better for the world, is an open question.”
In Paris, Kerry met with French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius and placed the burden to complete a deal on Iran.
“They have a right to a peaceful program but not a track to a bomb,” Kerry said after his meeting. “We believe it is pretty easy to prove to the world that a plan is peaceful.”
Fabius called it “very important” for the US and France to keep a united front as the negotiations enter the final stretch.
The French diplomat’s comments underscored concerns that Washington could change course on its diplomacy with Iran after Jan. 1, when Republicans will control both houses of Congress. Many Republican leaders have criticized the Obama administration’s desire to ease sanctions on Iran while the talks are underway, or to embrace any agreement that would allow Tehran to continue generating nuclear power.
If that’s the case, the November deadline may represent the last shot the White House will get at securing a deal with Iran – a major foreign policy legacy issue for Obama. But Obama also said that internal politics in Iran could also affect the negotiations.
“They have their own politics and there’s a long tradition of mistrust between the two countries,” he said. “And there’s a sizable portion of the political elite that, you know, cut its teeth on anti-Americanism and still finds it convenient to blame America for every ill that there is.”
Kerry dismissed questions about whether the GOP’s command of Congress would derail the nuclear deal, and said continued…

Samsung 2nd largest consumer company in India; pips ITC in FY14 revenuesSamsung overtakes ITC to become second-largest consumer-facing products company
Writankar Mukherjee & Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 07.00AM IST
(ITC’s total income for…)
MUMBAI | KOLKATA: Samsung has overtaken ITC to become India's second-largest consumer-facing products company by revenues, and now looks set to better Maruti this fiscal to take the top slot. The South Korean consumer electronics and smartphone maker reported revenues of Rs40,392 crore from its India operations for 2013-14, 45% higher than the previous year, according to latest filings with the Registrar of Companies. As per industry estimates, around half of Samsung India's revenues came from 'made in India' products.
Tobacco-to-FMCG conglomerate ITC's total income for last fiscal stood at Rs 34,345.74 crore while carmaker Maruti Suzuki had reported revenues of Rs 44,523.53 crore. Samsung India management is confident about overtaking Maruti Suzuki in sales this fiscal, with its sales, driven by mobile phones, continuing to grow in double digits even as the car market is struggling, industry insiders said. "A couple of months of poor sales will not have any immediate impact on Samsung and the company is confident to become the country's largest consumer-facing firm and MNC this fiscal, more so since the automobile sector is still grappling with poor sales," said one of the top trade partners of Samsung India.
RC Bhargava, chairman at Maruti Suzuki, recently told Reuters that the carmaker's growth this fiscal will average out at about 10% due to poor sales. Samsung, too, faced slower offtake of smartphones in the April-August period, but sales picked up from September and grew in double digits in the just-concluded festive season, two top trade partners of the company told ET. Samsung India declined to comment on the company's financials.
Interestingly, while Samsung has topped ITC in terms of revenue, it's nowhere near the Indian firm in profitability. Samsung India's net profit grew 54% last fiscal at Rs 2,636.8 crore while ITC reported net profit of Rs8,785.2 crore for the same period. Hindustan Unilever — which Samsung overtook in revenues in 2012-13 — and Maruti Suzuki, too, reported higher net profits than Samsung last fiscal at Rs3,867.5 crore and Rs2,783 crore, respectively.
Mobile handsets remain a low-margin business in India due to cut-throat price war led by competitors such as Motorola, Xiaomi and Micromax who have launched high-performance smartphones in the sub-Rs 0,000 price segment. The smartphone business has been a game changer for Samsung India, helping the company grow sales upwards of 40% a year in last two fiscals. A Samsung India spokesman said the company is committed to India and will continue to focus on product and service innovation with more than 180 million consumers in the country. As per estimates, the mobility business, comprising mobile phones and tablets, accounts for almost 70% of its revenue. Every third smartphone sold in the country is a Samsung, according to latest data from GfK. The brand also accounts for one-fourth of overall handset sales in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cabinet rejig: Parrikar  next defence minister | Suresh Prabhu gets key roleSpeculation over Cabinet reshuffle; Manohar Parrikar for defence?
MEERA MOHANTY & AKSHAY DESHMANE, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(Talk of the cabinet expansion…)
BHUBANESWAR | NEW DELHI: Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar could move to Delhi as India's next defence minister, as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's much-anticipated cabinet expansion.
Parrikar was in Delhi on Wednesday meeting BJP chief Amit Shah and PM Modi, and sources close to the Goa CM said a formal offer to join the Union Cabinet was made on Tuesday. Parrikar's possible elevation has been a subject of speculation for a while.
However, speaking to ET late on Wednesday evening at Delhi's Goa Sadan, Parrikar distanced himself from the speculation.
Parrikar told ET that he was in Delhi only to discuss "some requirements related to Goa" since the PM is going on a foreign visit soon. "The issue (of him joining the government as defence minister) did not come up during our discussions...I continue to be the chief minister of Goa," he said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley has been holding the defence portfolio as an additional charge since May 26, when the Modi administration assumed office. PM Modi has made a number of changes to the top echelons of his government in recent weeks, with a number of senior-level bureaucratic appointments. Suresh Prabhu, a former minister in the Vajpayee government, has moved to PMO, where he has oversight of policy issues in infrastructure sectors and areas such as mining.
A member of RSS, Parrikar, the putative defence minister, belongs to the Saraswat Brahmin community and has maintained a moderate image, winning the support of Goa's Catholic community both during the assembly elections of 2012 and the parliamentary elections this year.
Parrikar was the first BJP chief minister to back the appointment of Modi as party's prime ministerial candidate while hosting BJP's national executive conclave in 2013 in Panaji.
In April this year, when there were strong rumours of him being part of Modi's cabinet, Parrikar had told ET that he would prefer to stay on in Goa. "I do not think there is a need for me to go to the Centre, and neither has the party, as yet, asked me to. You don't have to be a part of the Cabinet, and can still contribute to certain key issues. In any case, who is part of the cabinet is the prerogative of the PM."
Goa is in the midst of restarting its export-oriented iron ore industry on which the state depends on for both revenues and employment. Several critical issues for the small and dense coastal state of Goa remain to be sorted out with the ministry of environment, including a relaxation of the Coastal Regulation Zone norms and allowing mining near wildlife sanctuaries. The Goa cabinet approved a new mining policy on Wednesday, according to TV channels. Meanwhile, in Jaipur, speculation that Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhara Raje could move to Delhi as a Union minister also resurfaced on Tuesday bringing forth a strong denial from the party's state unit. The fresh round of rumours was sparked off by a tweet by former IPL commissioner Lalit Modi, who batted for BJP leader Om Mathur as CM. The state unit of BJP, which had refused to respond to the rumours until now, was forced to categorically deny such a possibility.
At a press conference, Rajasthan BJP chief Ashok Parnami asserted there was no plan afoot for a leadership change in the desert state.
"The issue is again being discussed after a long time. I do not know what is the reason behind the revival of this speculation, but it is possible that Raje's self-assertion during her cabinet expansion last Monday may have irked some people in Delhi," a Rajasthan MP close to the central leadership told ET on the condition of anonymity on Wednesday. A senior MLA with a reputation for challenging the state government's policies in the Assembly, who was also among the hopefuls for a cabinet minister's position in the state but was ignored, said Raje was unlikely to be moved to the Centre.
"Goa's case cannot be compared with Rajasthan's. This is not the way it (change in leadership) can happen here. She has got 25 MPs and 160 MLAs, and is very popular. Also, it has been less than a year since she assumed charge, and nothing adverse against her government has come up yet, so more time will likely be given to her since no reason exists to ask her to leave," this MLA said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Yr after village saw them off  Amur falcons with names are backPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Pangti | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:39 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 6:31 pm
In this small village in Nagaland exactly a year ago, three Amur falcons were satellite-tagged to track their migration. Two of them are back, having completed their cycle to South Africa, then back to Mongolia and finally to Pangti again. They are among an estimated five to six lakh falcons that have reached Pangti and adjoining villages.
For two days since the return of falcons Naga and Pangti, villagers have been celebrating with music and cakes, while scientists are trying to find out why the birds have of late chosen this remote corner of the Naga Hills for a two-month roosting. The falcons had started arriving in Pangti, about 120 km from Kohima, from late September and will fly off by November-end. Pangti and Naga, which were tagged on November 7 last year, arrived Monday.
Amur falcons (Falco amurensis), which migrate from Mongolia to South Africa every year, chalked out a new route through the Northeast about eight years ago. Tribal villagers in Nagaland had initially taken it as a God-sent gift to feast upon. Thousands of falcons were killed between 2007 and 2012, until serious efforts were made to convert the villagers into protectors.
“Till 2012, hundreds of young men from Pangti and adjoining villages had caught and sold thousands of birds in Wokha, Kohima, Dimapur and other towns,” said journalist-turned-conservationist Bano Haralu, whose Nagaland Wildlife & Biodiversity Conservation Trust has engaged over 40 volunteers to tell the people that these birds need protection.
“We all got together, NGOs, government, student bodies and women’s groups, and have succeeded in ensuring that nobody now touches a bird,” said Steve Oduyo, chairman of Natural Nagas, another NGO.
“We now know that these birds are helping us by getting rid of pests and termites. We want people from other places to come and see how we protect them in their eight-week stay here,” said villager Wobenei, 30.
Pangti was selected for the Royal Scotland Bank Earth Heroes Award of 2014 for protecting lakhs of Amur falcons. After satellite tracking showed Naga and Pangti arriving here on Monday, village council chairman Rongchamo Shitiri was handed over the award in Delhi by Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar the following day.
The satellite tagging was a collaborative effort of the Wildlife Institute of India, Convention on Migratory Species, Birdlife Hungary, MOEFCC, and the state forest department.
Villagers are counting on Amur falcons to find Pangti a place on the world tourism map. “Pangti village has been receiving numerous visitors — locals, national and international — from students to researchers to the media. Crews of BBC and National Geographic are also here,” said Zuthunglu Patton, divisional forest officer, Wokha, a local Lotha woman.
Over 1,200 people from outside Nagaland have visited Pangti. Villagers have not only offered homestay and food but also started selling handloom and handicraft products.

Vale in deal to expand large ore fleetVale in deal with China Merchants Group to expand large ore fleet
By Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dfef5f92-4590-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vale steels itself for changing timesVale steels itself for changing times
By Joe Leahy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db23688e-ea30-11e3-afb3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Game of stock picking: How LIC is generating higher returnsLIC nets Rs 10,000 crore by taking bold contrarian stock calls
ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 08.36AM IST
Tags:
Bajaj Auto
(LIC’s mantra is simple:…)
In the game of stock picking, the largest local investor, LIC has been a contrarian. It's a bet that has paid off so far in the current bull run.
LIC's mantra is simple: buy shares of operationally sound companies that are caught in unfavourable business cycle and trading at a lower multiple. Based on the latest stock holdings, the state-owned insurer has gained almost Rs 10,000 crore in the past four quarters on back of its contrarian calls on scrips like BHEL and Axis Bank.
In both stocks, LIC raised its stake nearly 4% since December 2013 when several brokerages gave 'sell' call and even three months ago many were bearish about the stocks. "The biggest ability of LIC is to relate the current valuation and current business cycle of the operationally sound companies. When they find valuation of a stock is discounting current business cycle excessively, LIC buys the stock," said G Chokkalingam, Founder, Equinomics Research . "What works in favour of LIC is the duration of holding period for a stock. Being an insurance company, it can hold stock for 8-10 years. However, mutual funds do not have such flexibility as they are under pressure to outperform the benchmark index on a quarterly basis," he said.
The point LIC started buying BHEL, three out of four analysts covering the stock came out with 'sell' reports. Their reasons: a depleted order book and an operating profit margin that was 50% lower than the historical average; and, thanks to competition, things are unlikely to look up till FY16.
Similarly, investors dumped bank stocks as a tight money market had increased cost of borrowing.
Axis Bank, with high loan exposure to power and infrastructure companies, was among the stocks to suffer the most. A year ago, the private lender was trading at a discount of 45% to its 5-year average price-to-book multiple.
"The price plays a pivotal role in LIC's investment decision. If a stock looks attractive even after factoring earnings de-growth, it becomes a clear buy for an investor with longer investment horizon.
This is the reason why LIC is able to generate higher returns by picking up operationally sound stocks that are punished by the market badly due to their cyclical nature of business," said Amit Tiwari, portfolio manager at Escorts Securities .
Over the past few quarters, LIC has been consistently paring down its holding in IT stocks. But Infosys is an exception. Till September 2014, the stock had fared badly compared to its peers following adverse analyst reports.
But LIC had been quietly increasing stake in the company - from 3.25% in March 2014 to 4.45% in September 2014. During the same period, it raised its holdings in Bajaj Auto , NTPC and NMDC, which had underperformed in the past few months as most viewed the stocks differently than LIC.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Perception about India has changed: Gita Gop...Perception about India has changed; confidence has gone up: Gita Gopinath, Harvard University
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 03.05AM IST
(Rating agencies’ confidence…)
There is a dramatic change in perception of India among foreign investors, says Gita Gopinath, Professor of Economics at Harvard University. In an exclusive chat with ET the sidelines of the World Economic Forum, she says the Narendra Modi-led NDA government is trying to address the problems that led to economic slowdown, citing diesel deregulation, labour reforms and the call to 'Make in India' as some of the positives. Edited excerpts:
You are in touch with foreign investors. Do you see a change in their perception of India?
There are no ifs and buts. Perception about India has changed dramatically. Confidence in India has gone up. Firstly, it was fairly surprising that there would be a government that has such a strong mandate. That itself changed people's mind. The government is very serious about easing doing business in India.
Do you see concrete signs of revival in India?
At this point we have a great deal of optimism. There is a great deal of confidence. If you look at measure of business confidence, it has gone up. If you look at consumer confidence, it has gone up. Rating agencies' confidence has gone up. What we haven't still seen is any uptick in investment, consumer durables and industrial production. The key signal to watch out for would be a few quarters of investments going up consistently. Then we can be more confident that this is working.
Commodity prices have cooled. Do you see room for RBI to cut interest rates?
There is certainly room for RBI to cut rate. It's not just that commodity prices have come down, which is a recent phenomenon. Inflationary expectations have moderated. Core inflation has come down. Trajectory is good, the rupee is stable and so certainly space that I can see for a rate cut in the next round. RBI gets data on economy a little ahead than I get. They watch numbers more closely, so they will go by numbers.
What is your impression of the new government?
I think the problem why growth slowed down in the past was because bureaucracy was in a chokehold, reforms were not being undertaken, projects were not being cleared. What we are seeing now is that the government is trying to address all these problems. They are very proactive. They are undertaking reforms and clearing projects. All of this is very positive. What they have done in the past one month in terms of reforms - diesel deregulation, labour laws, 'Make in India' are all very positive.
There are many things to be fixed, many subsidies that need to be rationalised. These can't happen overnight. This is relatively a young government and we need to give some time. The most important thing is if they keep the pace of reforms in the next two years, if we see that translating into greater investments.
There's budget in a few months. What is your expectation?
I hope by the time of budget there will be good progress on the Goods and Services Tax. I think that is a very important piece. The government has talked about divestment and it would be good by then to see progress on the ground...there is the issue of fertiliser subsidy that has to be addressed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FM Jaitley plays reforms music for India Inc...Arun Jaitley
(Expressing satisfaction…)
NEW DELHI: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the government was open to the idea of privatising loss-making stateowned companies and promised reforms, including further opening up of railways, a re-look at the land acquisition law, auction of mineral assets for mining and further liberalisation of insurance sector.
Measures have been taken to end crony capitalism and create a fair, transparent and conducive environment for businesses, Jaitley said at the India Economic Summit of the World Economic Forum in New Delhi on Wednesday. Referring to the decision to auction coal blocks after the SC cancelled earlier allotments, he said the element of discretion in the hands of the state has almost disappeared and promised a similar regime for other minerals.
The government has issued an ordinance to facilitate the sale of coal blocks and enable the entry of private companies in commercial mining. "And hence once you take decisions of these kinds (it will) eliminate the possibility of corruption, collateral consideration or crony capitalism as you call it....Investors could look for a system which is fair-...Not a system on which they have to entirely depend on the largesse of politicians and ministers," he said. Jaitley said, adding that reforms are a long journey and the government has only just begun.
Jaitley, who also handles the defence and corporate affairs portfolios, said reforms were not about one sensational idea, perhaps hitting out at those who criticised the government for the lack of bigbang ideas. "You can damage the economy by one bad idea. Retrospective taxation is one bad idea that damaged the economy," he said, alluding to a decision by the previous government that was seen as a key factor generating negative sentiment about the country. Jaitley said the government is looking at several areas, including labour reforms and the privatisation of some public sector undertakings that were not doing well, but it needed to build support for some measures. "I would be open to look at some set of PSUs which could do much better in private hands.
There are still a large number of them which are almost on the verge of closure, where people are going to lose employment. So, given a choice between their continuing in the present shape or getting privatised, then the second option would be a preferable option," he said. "Currently, they are being sustained merely on governmental support -- now that is not a long-term solution. Taxpayers cannot continue to pay for loss-making businesses," he said. As of March 2013, there were 50 central PSUs that had incurred losses continuously for three years. The minister said it is far more challenging to implement reforms in a developing society, as public opinion cannot be confronted.
While some steps had been taken to reform labour laws, others in the political system still needed to be convinced in order to move further in that direction. He reiterated his view that reforms are the art of the possible. Jaitley said the impact of the measures taken by the Narendra Modi government, which took office in May, will become visible soon. "I am quite certain that it is only a matter of time when the ground results start reflecting on the cumulative effect of these steps," he said. There is a considerable amount of buzz about India and people are becoming convinced that India would once again be a place to invest and those within the country who were looking outside are probably reconsidering their decision, he said. As far as access to foreign investors is concerned, the government will follow a sectoral approach.
He said the government had eased the foreign direct investment limit in defence, real estate and railways. On insurance reforms, he said the government was hopeful of getting the insurance bill passed in the winter session. "When we were in government last time, we had opened up the insurance sector... At that time, the political system had an appetite for a limited opening," he said.
Responding to a query on the land acquisition law, he said the focus would be on easing procedural complications. He said he had no quarrel with the increase in compensation proposed by the law and added that he would need to deal with the provision that disallows private schools, hospitals and hotels on land acquired by the government. The new law has been criticised for stalling land acquisition because of the cumbersome process prescribed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Yen sinks to 115 per dollarAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Must have a fair mix of oil stocks; avoid realtyArindam Ghosh
In a chat with ET Now, Arindam Ghosh, CEO of BlackRidge Capital Advisors, shares his views on the oil & gas and real estate sectors . Excerpts:
ET Now: When it comes to policies that could be expected, what about sectors on which reforms have already happened? The real estate space has done extremely well, however, oil and gas has not participated at all despite some crucial reforms getting cleared. What is your view?
Arindam Ghosh: Real estate is one sector which is going to be benefiting from the change in the interest rate cycle. But again, one needs to be careful in terms of what kind of position one would like to build in individual stocks.
We do not study that sector too closely, but overall, from an oil and gas point of view, our sense is that if you look at the diesel deregulation and the gas price hike, all these are now in the rear view mirror and valuations have also been quite expensive.
Ofcourse, over a two-three year point of view, there are many in that segment which are long term holds. One needs to have a fair mix of oil and gas, but we would stay away from the real estate pack.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi debuts in Forbes list of most powerful people  ranked 15thPM Modi debuts in Forbes list of most powerful people  ranked 15th
Jitan Ram Manjhi s son-in-law resigns after appointed as CM s PAMamata Banerjee hits back at Sushma Swaraj, says constitution is 'Holy Book' in democracy
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi was at the centre of a controversy over appointment of his son-in-law Devendra Kumar as his personal assistant, evoking sharp criticism following which Kumar resigned from the post.
“I have sent my resignation to Chief Minister’s personal secretary,” Kumar, who was appointed as Personal Assistant (PA) of Manjhi, told PTI tonight.
He said that he has put in his paper as people were raising fingers over his appointment.
Earlier, Manjhi appointed Kumar as his PA and another kin as personal staff, evoking sharp criticism from BJP which accused the Chief Minister of violating rules.
As per a notification of the state Cabinet Secretariat Department issued in June this year, Manjhi appointed Kumar as his Personal Assistant.
Another Manjhi kin Satyendra Kumar has been appointed as a peon.
The appointments of close relatives violate a state Cabinet Secretariat Department order of May 23, 2000 which prohibits ministers to appoint a relative as PA.
It says if such appointments have been made it should be quashed immediately, the notification bearing signature of the then Secretary in the Cabinet Secretariat Girish Shankar says.
When a question was put to the Chief Minister, he tried to play it down.
“Such allegations are levelled from time to time. This is no issue),” Manjhi told reporters after emerging from state cabinet meeting.
When mediapersons told him that appointments of relatives violates a 2000 order of the government, he said “I will see it”.
Devendra Kumar said, “as the CM’s son-in-law, I have got many privileges. We are enjoying the facilities as well”.
He has served as Jeetan Ram Manjhi’s PA since the latter became Bihar’s Social Welfare Minister in 2006.
“Why are objections being raised now just because my father-in law is chief minister?” he asked.
Former chief minister Nitish Kumar said he was not aware of these appointments.
Attacking the Chief Minister, BJP leader Sushil Modi said the government circular clearly states that a person holding public office cannot appoint a relative as a PA or any other member of his staff. “It is Bihar’s misfortune that there is such corruption.”
TAGS: Jitan Ram Manjhi Jitan Ram Manjhi PA Jitan Ram Manjhi Son In Law
More from miscellaneous

Nikkei extends win streak as yen wobbles© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/428d17ca-6562-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold  silver near four and a half year lows as dollar strength bitesGold  silver near four and a half year lows as dollar strength bites
US has offered Iran framework for nuclear deal: Barack ObamaBy: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: November 6, 2014 9:57 am
President Barack Obama on Thursday said the US has proposed a “framework” that can help Iran meet its nuclear energy needs and the prospects of a comprehensive deal with the country over its nuclear programme should become clear in the next 3-4 weeks.
“Whether we can actually get a deal done, we’re going to have to find out over the next three to four weeks. We have presented to them a framework that would allow them to meet their peaceful energy needs,” Obama told reporters at a White House news conference.
Referring to the frequent statements from the Iranian leadership that they don’t want to develop a nuclear a weapon, Obama said: “If that is, in fact, true, then they’ve got an avenue here to provide that assurance to the world community, and in a progressive, step-by-step, verifiable way, allow them to get out from under sanctions so that they can reenter as full-fledged members of the international community.”
The West has accused Iran of attempting to develop a nuclear weapon under the guise of a civilian nuclear programme, while Tehran argues that its nuclear development is aimed purely at meeting the country’s growing energy needs and achieving other peaceful goals.
Obama said the unprecedented sanctions imposed by US-led international community has crippled Iran’s economy. “We have been able to freeze their programme, in some cases reduce the stockpile of nuclear material that they already had in hand. The discussions, the negotiations have been constructive,” he said.
“I’ve said consistently that I’d rather have no deal than a bad deal — because what we don’t want to do is lift sanctions and provide Iran legitimacy but not have the verifiable mechanisms to make sure that they don’t break out and produce a nuclear weapon,” Obama said.

Asian to lead Britain one day: David Cameronaccomplishment
Prime Minister David Cameron has exuded confidence that a British Asian would take on his role in the near future.
“One day, I want to hear that title Prime Minister followed by a British Asian name,” he said in his speech at the annual GG2 Leadership Awards in London on Wednesday night.
“Just not immediately, if that’s ok,” he added on a lighter note in reference to the upcoming General Election in Britain in May 2015.
“What makes Britain a success is that every community has a hand in it...but frankly it is still not enough. In Britain today there are still too few people from ethnic minorities in top positions,” he said.
“The absence is glaring in boardrooms, chambers of Houses of Parliament, on football manager’s benches, on high court judges benches and in our fighter jets and naval ships. And, I am clear, this has to change,” he added before presenting the GG2 Man of the Year and Woman of the Year Awards for 2014.
The Man of the Year award went to Indian-origin businessman Rami Ranger, CEO of Sun Mark Limited, who was described as a “brilliant entrepreneur” by the PM for his contribution to the British economy.
Woman of the Year was named as Dame Asha Khemka, principal of West Nottinghamshire College, for her work in the field of education.
“I am truly humbled by this award. I often say, India made me and Britain enabled me. My heart lies in India and my soul in Britain,” she said in her acceptance speech.
The event also marked the launch of the ‘Power 101 Britain’s Most Influential Asians 2015’ list, which this year is topped by U.K. secretary of state for culture, media and sports Sajid Javid - the first Asian to be promoted to the U.K. Cabinet.
Born to an Indian father and Pakistani mother, Mr. Javid dedicated his honour to his parents’ memory.
Others in the top 5 included Pakistani teenage campaigner Malala Yousafzai, down to No. 2 from top spot last year, Indian-origin Labour MP Keith Vaz at 3, Indian steel tycoon Lakshmi N. Mittal at No 4 and Hinduja brothers at No 5.
NRI industrialist Lord Swraj Paul and son Angad, chairman and CEO of Caparo Group of industries, curry king Lord Gulam Noon and Deutsche Bank’s Indian-origin CEO Anshu Jain also find their place in the Power 101.
The annual event is organised by the Asian Media and Marketing Group, publishers of ‘Garvi Gujarat’ newspaper from where the name GG2 is derived.

Lenovo second-quarter net profit climbs 19 percent as PC market share growslenovo second-quarter net profit climbs 19 percent as pc market share grows
Golfer  Obama asks Michael Jordan to focus on his  crappy  NBA teamGolfer  Obama asks Michael Jordan to focus on his  crappy  NBA team
Obama a Lame Duck as Republicans Take Control of Senateobama a lame duck as republicans take control of senate
Govt takes tough stand in WTO food subsidy rowGovt takes tough stand in WTO food subsidy row
Global Markets Rally as Republicans Gain Control of Senate; Dow at Record HighGlobal Markets Rally as Republicans Gain Control of Senate; Dow at Record High
Army firing case in Kashmir unfortunate : BJPDevendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new Planning body
Former RSS spokesperson Ram Madhav, who has now been inducted into BJP, today said that the Budgam firing incident was “most unfortunate” and sought compensation for the victims’ families.
“Budgam firing incident most unfortunate. Def Min should expedite inquiry and act against d guilty. Victims’ families shud get compensation (sic),” Madhav said in a tweet.
A couple of hours later, he retweeted a post by one of his followers on Twitter, which said, “Sir, it’s an unfortunate incident… They (army men) fired when the car didn’t stop when asked to. Could’ve been a threat!”.
Madhav, who is now a BJP general secretary, replied to him saying, “Yes. Army’s is a tight rope walk. That is why they are specially trained to ensure minimum mishaps”.
Two youths were killed and two others injured in army firing at Chattergam in Budgam district of Kashmir on Nov. 3.
Defence Minister Arun Jaitley has termed the incident highly regrettable while the Home Ministry has sought a report from the state government in the matter.
TAGS: Ram Madhav Ram Madhav Budgam Firing
More from miscellaneous

Just one Muslim among 151 Ministers in BJP-ruled Statesdiscrimination
It is not just in the Lok Sabha where Muslim representation has fallen to an all-time low; Muslim representation in Assemblies is falling steadily too, an analysis by The Hindu shows.
After last month’s election results, Maharashtra is down from three Muslim ministers and 11 Muslim MLAs in the outgoing Assembly to nine legislators and no Muslim ministers. The BJP, which swept to power in the state with 122 MLAs fielded just one Muslim candidate, who lost.
Haryana meanwhile is down from five Muslim MLAs and one minister to three MLAs and no minister. The BJP, which won 47 seats to form government, fielded only two Muslims both of whom lost.
The situation in these two States is similar to that in the other seven States where the BJP is either in power or in alliance – Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Goa, Andhra Pradesh, and Punjab. These nine States, which account for over a third of India’s population, have only 22 Muslim MLAs out of 1359 legislators that represent them. So while Muslims make up 8 per cent of the population of these states, they account for less than 2 per cent of MLAs.
Chhattisgarh and Goa have no Muslim MLA, Punjab and Madhya Pradesh have one each and Rajasthan and Gujarat have one each. This is a significant change from how these states’ outgoing Assemblies looked; leaving out Andhra Pradesh whose boundaries changed, there were twice as many Muslim MLAs in the remaining eight States’ outgoing assemblies as there are today.
At the ministerial level, of the 151 Cabinet Ministers and Ministers of State in the nine BJP-ruled States, just one – Yunus Khan, Public Works Department minister in the Rajasthan government – is a Muslim.
On the other hand, there are 52 ministers in the 13 big States not ruled by the BJP, making up 16 per cent of those States’ total ministerial berths. While Muslim-majority Jammu & Kashmir leads with three-fourth of its ministers Muslim, Kerala, Assam and Uttar Pradesh follow.
Non-BJP-ruled States have 300 Muslim MLAs, who make up 13 per cent of their Assemblies. These States, however, also have a higher Muslim proportion in their populations – 17 per cent going by the 2001 Census figures – as compared to BJP-ruled States.
“The process of delimitation has been such that Muslims do not form a sizeable number in many constituencies,” Navaid Hamid, general secretary of the Movement for Empowerment of Muslim Indians said.
“Added to that, there has been a systematic attempt by political parties to create hate against Muslims. If this continues, there is a fear that Muslims, especially youngsters, will lose faith in the electoral system,” he said.

Overseas markets bond with India IncMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Overseas bond issuances by Indian corporates have crossed $17 billion in 2014 so far, compared with $14.4 billion in 2013, reports Shashidhar KJ in Mumbai. Last week Tata International, the global trading arm of the Tata Group, raised S$150 million through perpetual bonds and the strong appetite for Indian paper can be gauged from the fact that the issue was oversubscribed seven times, topping S$1 billion, investment bankers told FE.
Click here for graph
The action is expected to continue, says Chetan Joshi, head, debt capital markets at HSBC, pointing out that both the base-rate US Treasury as well as spreads are contracting. A fall in credit default spreads (CDS) of Indian corporate bonds prompted many companies to tap the foreign bond market this year. Also in the market last week was Tata Motors, which picked up $750 million through 5½- and 10-year bonds at coupon rates of 4.625% and 5.75%. Even low-rated and unrated issues have found good response; in July, five companies raised funds through high-yield bonds. Tata Steel was the largest sub-investment grade issue and raised $1.5 billion through 5½- and 10-year bonds at a coupon rate of 4.5% and 5.9%, respectively.
By Shashidhar KJ
TAGS: Global Trading Overseas Bond Tata International
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Swachh Bharat key for Reckitt: Rakesh KapoorSwachh Bharat key for Reckitt Benckiser, says CEO Rakesh Kapoor
Chaitali Chakravarty & Ratna Bhushan, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 04.36AM IST
Tags:
Dettol
(Building toilets is one…)
NEW DELHI: Reckitt Benckiser Chief Executive Rakesh Kapoor said he is delighted with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat campaign because it fits in perfectly with the company's goals — it's already pledged Rs 100 crore for the cleanliness drive.
"It (the Swachh Bharat campaign) can be transformational for our company," said the India-born CEO of the UK-headquartered company, which makes products such as Dettol , Harpic and Lizol.
He also said that global investors expect much from the new prime minister. "He's expected to drive real change and there's a lot of positive sentiment around him." Investors are also confident because in the past few months India's foreign policy has been quite proactive, he said. Kapoor, 56, said Reckitt Benckiser is closely associated with the government's Clean India campaign.
"RB is not starting from scratch. We are working very hard in partnership with the government," he said. "Building toilets is one part of the solution... The other part is getting people to use and maintain them. We need outcomes and we need to change habits."
Even though the company's growth has slowed in India — sales rose 11% in FY14 to Rs 4,000 crore versus 20% in previous years — Kapoor remains bullish. "The opportunity is here — the political environment is most stable. Political and economic conditions in India are ripe to shake off the rather mediocre growth of the past two-three years."
Kapoor, who attended Modern School in Delhi before getting an engineering degree from BITS Pilani, said it was important to understand the nature of emerging markets.
"We are all used to seeing high double-digit growth in India. Having worked and been born and brought up in India, I keep reminding people that growth rates are never going to be linear," he said. "There will be choppy times but also buoyant times."
Developments in India should be read in the context of what's happening around the world, he said.
"Conditions in Europe in aggregate are not improving, we can say they are moving from worse to bad. In the US, it's still tough from the consumption point of view. Emerging markets have shown a bit of a wobble," he said. "In that context, India has an exciting role to play. Many of the other global economies are facing either commodity-driven challenges or political challenges. Just the opposite is true here because you have the most stable political environment."
Kapoor joined the erstwhile Reckitt & Colman in 1987 and became the $10-billion Reckitt Benckiser's CEO in September 2011. The appointment wasn't taken well by investors initially, with the stock dropping 8% in London on the announcement. Married with two children, Kapoor has lived in the UK since 1997. Reckitt's M&A strategy will be guided by whether a deal makes "financial sense", he said. "We will use mergers and acquisitions selectively to add on to the capabilities we have."
Kapoor played a key role in Reckitt's purchase of India's Paras Pharmaceuticals. He's not disappointed by the way that transaction panned out, he said. "I'm very excited that we bought it because we did not have much of a healthcare presence in India," he said. "We've done justice to the Paras portfolio, strengthened its equity. But if you ask any CEO, he or she will tell you that we could have done much more. We've galvanised Moov in South Africa and brought it to our existing distribution platform. Paras has given us access to brands such as Moov and D'Cold."
FEATURED ARTICLES

HRD ministry asks schools to focus on hygiene and cleanlinessYou are here: Home > Collections > Hygiene
HRD ministry asks schools to focus on hygiene and cleanliness
Yogima Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
hrd ministry
(The move is in sync with the…)
NEW DELHI: In what could be a pretty demanding Children's Day pledge this year, the Narendra Modi government has directed all schools under its ambit to ensure that morning assembly in government schools focus on cleanliness and hygiene, and urge students to keep the statue in their school, if any, clean, besides clean their classrooms, laboratories, libraries, playground, toilets, drinking water areas and school gardens.
In a recent directive to Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan and Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti, the department of school education and literacy under the ministry of human resource and development, has asked all schools to ensure that children discuss cleanliness and hygiene in the school assembly every day, and that each school forms a children's cabinet to supervise and monitor the cleanliness initiative.
The move is in sync with the government's vision of Clean India by 2019, and aims to ensure that all schools have separate toilets for girls and boys by July 2015. The schools that will have to follow the directive include 1092 Kendriya Vidyalas under the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan and 598 Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalas under the Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti, impacting nearly 15 lakh students in government schools across the country.
"The government of India has directed its own schools through the Kendriya Vidyalas and the Navodya Vidyalas to celebrate the Swachh Vidyalaya Abhiyan by taking up a programme for cleanliness in schools on a roundthe-year basis," the government has informed the ministry of drinking water and sanitation, which is overseeing the implementation of the project.
"The Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan and the Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti have been asked to take up, inter alia, the following activities that include talk by a few children on different aspects of cleanliness in the school assembly every day, especially with respect to sayings and teachings of Mahatma Gandhi on cleanliness and hygiene," the note sent by the department of education to the implementing ministry said.
Besides, the department of education has also directed these schools to continue with the Swachh Vidyalaya Abhiyan beyond October 31, 2014, by organising film shows, model activities on hygiene, periodic essay/painting and other competition, role plays, etc., to reassert the message of Swachh Bharat-Swachh Vidyalaya .
Justifying the decision that's expected to impact the regular course of teaching in these schools, the note said, "In collaboration with the state governments, we are making efforts to inculcate the spirit of hygiene, cleanliness and aversion to unhygienic conditions in all children from the very initial years of their school itself."
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 2, involves an investment of Rs 1,96,009 crore to construct 12 crore toilets across the country. The mission will culminate on October 2, 2019, which will mark the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi govt considering new standards on garbage segregationNarendra Modi government considering new standards on garbage segregation to complement Swachh Bharat mission
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 02.19PM IST
Tags:
BIS
(There is also a proposal…)
NEW DELHI: India is considering new standards on garbage segregation to complement Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cleanliness drive under the Swachh Bharat mission.
"There are no norms for garbage disposal ... Such standards are required as they would ensure that effective systems are put in place for segregation and disposal of garbage," said a senior government official, privy to the deliberation on the matter.
The issue had figured in discussions at the first meeting of the high-level inter-ministerial group of consumer advocacy chaired by the consumer affairs secretary.
The Department of Consumer Affairs has already directed the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) to formulate quality assurance and process standards for potable water supplied through pipelines by municipal and government agencies, street food and garbage disposal, the official told ET.
There is also a proposal to set up a dedicated group at the BIS to ensure that these standards are not just formulated, but also implemented effectively.
India had put in place a solidwaste management policy in 2000 at the behest of the Supreme Court, but it was restricted to class-I cities. Municipal bodies have to carry out waste disposal as per these guidelines. Garbage disposal, however, remains an issue in many cities.
"A mandatory standard prescribing segregation and disposal of garbage is necessary if the country has to move towards the cleanliness as is envisaged under the (Swachh Bharat) mission," the official said. Rules are required for transport of drinking water and street food as well, he said.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India is already working on improving quality of street food on the lines of the successful Gujarat model. Countrywide standards are expected to provide a benchmark.
The group proposed to be set up under the BIS would work in close coordination with the food safety body, health ministry and the departments of rural development and Panchayati Raj. "The idea is to draw up a time-bound rollout plan for the formulation and enforcement of these standards," the official said.
Modi had unveiled the clean India drive on October 2.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hyundai i20 Elite  Maruti Ciaz may become pricierCarmakers like Hyundai Motors, Maruti Suzuki, BMW & others contemplating price rise
By Chanchal Pal Chauhan , ET Bureau | 5 Nov, 2014, 06.59AM IST
In the two-wheeler segment, Hero Moto-Corp and closest rival Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India have already increased prices of motorcycles and scooters. 
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: The Hyundai i20 Elite and Maruti Ciaz that you are looking to purchase may soon become pricier.
After a gap of nine months, automakers are contemplating increasing prices to offset higher raw material and logistics costs.
But they are cautious too, after the pickup in sales that they witnessed earlier this year fizzled out in the all-important festival season. Sharper hikes are likely to be limited to popular models, and some manufacturers may stay away from changing prices, say industry executives.
The Indian unit of Hyundai Motor said it would increase prices, and an announcement is likely over next few days. Maruti Suzuki and BMW are contemplating increasing prices, and decisions are expected as early as this month.
In the two-wheeler segment, which had a bumper festival season unlike car makers, market No. 1 Hero Moto-Corp and closest rival Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India have already increased prices of motorcycles and scooters. Others are expected to follow the leaders.
Automakers have evaded across-the-board price hikes since February, when the government cut excise duty by 4-6 per cent to stimulate demand and help put the industry back on track after two years of falling sales.
Companies passed on the benefit to customers and that, along with an improvement in consumer sentiment following signs of a pickup in the economy, heavy discounts and an array of new models, helped auto sales return to the positive territory in May. Though the festival months of September and October turned out to be disappointing, overall car sales since the fiscal year began in April have increased about 4.5 per cent from a year earlier.
Manufacturers say there is some room to increase prices now, especially for the in-demand models, to recover huge investments on new cars and improve profitability.
"We are feeling the pressure now, as there have been no effective price changes for the past several months, while discounts peaked. We have also launched four new cars this year with huge investments that need to be recovered," said Rakesh Srivastava, senior vice-president for marketing and sales at Hyundai Motor India.
"We have been postponing any change in prices to balance it with customer demand even as Hyundai Motor has grown in sales over the last year. We will take a considered decision on the price increase and are currently working out the exact quantum of hike."
He said the company had launched the i20 Elite at an introductory price and so its price would be revised soon, but didn't name the other models that would become costlier.
A Maruti executive said the retail market has expanded over the past months, though the wholesale numbers that the industry tracks more closely don't show all of that. Maruti, helped by new launches, posted healthy sales in the festival season, along with Hyundai and the local unit of Honda Motor.
"While the market situation has been fluctuating over the past few months, the 10 per cent growth in retail sales with robust 108,000 vehicles sold in October gives us the confidence for a price revision on selective models in coming weeks," said the Maruti executive, who asked not to be named since the company has yet to make a final call. Honda Cars India Senior Vice-President for Marketing and Sales Jnaneshwar Sen said the company has yet to make a decision on price hikes.
Amit Kaushik, principal analyst, autos, at consultancy firm IHS Automotive , said the current round of price hikes is an effort by car companies to maintain their margins and expand profit.
Companies are citing rising input costs, especially on steel that has shown an upward trend in the international markets, for considering price hikes.
Hyundai, Maruti and Honda source auto-grade steel from markets like South Korea and Japan. Several automakers are also importing parts. Fluctuating international currencies, especially the Japanese yen and Korean won, have been hurting, too.
Another drag on profitability is high discounts and freebies that automakers have been offering to entice unwilling customers. Maruti's profit margin, for instance, fell 0.2 percentage point in the July-September period because of higher discount - on average, the local unit of Japan's Suzuki Motor offered discounts of Rs 21,000 on every car sold in the local market, compared with Rs 17,000 a year earlier.
Some automakers are also waiting for the government's decision on the excise duty benefits, which have been extended once and will now expire at the end of December, to make a call.

Maruti investing about Rs 4 000 crore in key areas in 2-3 yearsPrices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
Hyderabad: Country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India is investing up to Rs 4,000 crore in the next 2-3 years in key areas like product development, R&D and marketing infrastructure, a senior MSIL official said today.
MSIL would also focus more on bringing out models with auto gear shift technology, going forward, executive director- engineering, CV Raman said.
"Currently Rs 4,000 crore worth of investments are going into research and development, product development and marketing infrastructure over period of two to three years (including the current year).
"We will be improving our R&D capability. We are setting up test labs and other facilities. Marketing infrastructure such as setting up stockyards will be created," Raman said on the sidelines of launch of the company's new version of Alto K10 hatchback.
The company is expected to come out with a SUV- XA Alpha- next year, he said.
Replying to a query, Raman said as of now there are no plans to make diesel engines while Suzuki is working on various types of engines in diesel.
On the reports of crash test failure of Swift, Raman said the car meets all standards set by the Indian government.
"All MSIL as well as other vehicles comply with Indian regulations. As far as swift is concerned. The test is not mandatory in India. There is no regulation to pass that test," he said.
According to the Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, crash tests of Nissan's Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki's Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection.
He asserted that the Global NCAP report will not have any impact on Swift sales.
The production of auto gear shift models is being ramped up to meet the market demand, he said.
"Currently, roughly about 4,000 vehicles (are being produced) per month with AGS technology and going forward will ramp up this number. We feel that the two pedal technology is very relevant now. Obviously the auto gear models would increase the volume.
May be in future we look at coming out with more models in AGS," he said.
Raman said the sales of diesel vehicles could go up as the price difference between petrol and diesel is narrowing.

Nissan recalls Infiniti hybrid sedans for software  transmission issuesNissan recalls Infiniti hybrid sedans for software, transmission issues
By Reuters | 4 Nov, 2014, 08.24PM IST
Nissan Motor Co said on Tuesday it is recalling more than 14,000 hybrid Infiniti Q50 and Q70 luxury sedans globally due to possible software issues.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
DETROIT: Nissan Motor Co said on Tuesday it is recalling more than 14,000 hybrid Infiniti Q50 and Q70 luxury sedans globally due to possible software and transmission issues.
Nissan is recalling 14,438 Q50 and Q70 hybrid sedans from model year 2014 because the electric motor may stop running due to a communications error between the motor inverter and transmission control module, according to the company and documents posted online with the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA).
Of the affected vehicles, 7,539 were sold in Japan, 5,412 in United States and territories, and the rest in other markets, Nissan said.
The stall-like condition can occur when the electric motor stops working and may increase the risk of a crash, according to the NHTSA documents. The issue does not occur when the car is operating at highway speeds while the internal combustion engine is in use, according to the NHTSA documents.
Nissan discovered the problem after a "field incident" in Japan in late August, according to the NHTSA documents. It found no incidents in the U.S. market, according to the NHTSA.
Nissan will reprogram the motor inverter software at no cost, according to the NHTSA. The recall is expected to begin in mid-November.
In a separate action, Nissan also is recalling 1,641 Q50, Q70 and Q70L hybrid sedans from the same model year because a small number have automatic transmission housings that may have cracks caused during manufacturing by the supplier, according to the NHTSA.
The recall affects 817 cars sold in the United States and its territories, 520 in Japan and the rest in other markets, Nissan said.
Over time, a crack could lead to a larger fracture, producing on-road debris and increasing the risk of a crash, according to the NHTSA. Nissan is not aware of any complaints, injuries or accidents related to this issue.
A new transmission assembly will be installed if any cracks are found by the dealers, according to the NHTSA. The recall is expected to begin in mid-November.
A Nissan spokesman said there may be overlap between the two recalls.
In Japan, the cars in both recalls are marketed as the Nissan Skyline, Fuga and Cima, the Japanese automaker said.

View: Delhi elections-Who is afraid of AAPSearch for:
Delhi elections: Who’s Afraid of AAP?
134
By Ajoy Bose
The BJP’s decision on Monday not to form a minority government in Delhi ends the baffling political charade played by the party for the past many months. Nobody really believes the BJP’s plea that it had to wait for all options to be exhausted for government formation by the Lt. Governor Najeeb Jung. Interestingly, Jung remains one of the few governors appointed by the previous UPA regime not to have been transferred or removed by the present central government.
Ever since the BJP stormed to power in the Lok Sabha polls, party spokespersons have been tying themselves up in knots on why it was not going for fresh polls in Delhi. They have tried to explain why the BJP was still ‘considering’ forming a minority government even though this option had been rejected last December. Moreover, the BJP having won all seven parliamentary seats in Delhi by handsome margins, both logic and norms pointed to a speedy election in the state.
Instead, what we saw were mysterious dilly-dallying tactics, seeking to keep both options of forming a government through the ‘back-door’ and having fresh elections alive. It has taken a sharp reprimand from the Supreme Court to force the party’s hand. There is also evidence to suggest the party’s lack of confidence in Delhi. Is it mere coincidence that suddenly over the past month as the BJP has been steadily pushed towards fresh Delhi polls, there has been an outbreak of communal tension in parts of the city and NCR?
It isn’t just conspiracy theorists who point to what happened in neighbouring Uttar Pradesh a few months ago just before the by-polls. There are common characteristics between Delhi and Uttar Pradesh. The BJP had swept the Lok Sabha polls in both states but remains unsure of its statelevel prospects because of the absence of a local charismatic leader like Narendra Modi and of a strong grassroots organisational network.
So, looking beyond the bluster of the BJP about an easy victory in Delhi what are the ground realities that makes the party so nervous about facing the electorate in the capital? One reason could be that the BJP is still unsure about success against opponents other than the Congress. The challenge posed by regional parties with strong proactive leaders backed by a motivated cadre is quite a different prospect to the jaded and faded appendage of the Gandhi dynasty.
It is true that the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) and its chief, Arvind Kejriwal, have lost support of a sizeable section of the middle-classes, never mind the media, because of his short-lived and controversial stint as chief minister. His hasty abortive bid to make a mark in the Lok Sabha polls is also there for all to see.
Yet, the BJP is acutely conscious that the AAP remains a potent force among poorer sections of Delhi’s electorate. Populist measures of drastically reducing electricity and water rates when the AAP was in power may have worked their parts. The BJP is aware that, despite internal dissent within the AAP, Kejriwal and his compatriots have been working systematically to build up a support base in the city. The risk of nasty surprises can await the BJP in certain constituencies.
BJP workers privately concede that apart from the upper-middle-classes in Delhi, the party lacks a committed support base among sizeable sections of the electorate. It is not popular in the spread-out shanty towns as the party has antagonised a majority of Class 3 and 4 government servants because of stricter rules by the new Modi government. They have little to no support among the Muslim constituency. Interestingly, the AAP has reportedly made fresh inroads in Delhi’s sizeable Sikh community, whose support could prove crucial in certain assembly constituencies.
The BJP’s main reason for a lack of confidence in sweeping Delhi is the possibility of a complete collapse of the Congress and its traditional votebank of the poor and minorities crossing over en masse to the AAP. Party leaders feel the BJP could lose out in a two-horse race. On the other hand, the party has one trump card that can beat everything else: Narendra Modi and his promise of radical change. Ultimately this is what has given the BJP confidence to bite the bullet and go for mid-term Delhi polls.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Cabinet approves dissolution of Delhi assembly; eyes on fresh poll datesYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Union cabinet approves dissolution of Delhi assembly; eyes now on fresh poll dates
ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
a step ahead
(Sources in the Election…)
NEW DELHI: A day after BJP, AAP and Congress officially conveyed their inability to form a government in Delhi, the Union Cabinet approved the dissolution of state assembly, paving the way for polls in the state that has been under President's rule for eight months.
Sources in the Election Commission indicated that elections, in all likelihood, will not happen along with Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir as the Capital's voters list is currently under revision. An election cannot be notified unless the final electoral rolls have been prepared.
"The last date for receiving applications for addition and deletion of names to the draft voters list is November 10. The final list will be published on January 5, 2015. It's unlikely that elections in Delhi will happen before that," said an election official.
BJP and AAP, nevertheless, were seen gearing up for fresh polls in Delhi on Tuesday as both parties held meetings to take stock of their preparation. AAP went a step ahead and pitched its chief ministerial candidate Arvind Kejriwal against senior BJP leader Jagdish Mukhi even though BJP has decided against projecting a CM face.
AAP will steer clear of attacking PM Modi, even though it's clear that BJP is planning a Haryana-Maharashtra redux for Delhi polls with Modi addressing major rallies in the city. "Is Modi going to resign as the PM and become the CM of Delhi," was Kejriwal's answer to why his party is steering clear of a Modi-Kejriwal contest. According to sources, there is a perception within the party that a direct attack on Modi could alienate the middle-class supporters, who voted for BJP at the Centre, but prefer Kejriwal as the state CM.
AAP spokesman Ashutosh dismissed the above theory. "We want to take on BJP for not declaring a CM candidate. So there is no point in attacking Modi," he told ET.
Kejriwal said AAP will fight polls on the promise of making Delhi a world-class and corruption-free city.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pennsylvania Governor Election Results: Tom Wolf Defeats Incumbent Tom CorbettWinner: Karl Rove
After the 2012 elections didn't quite go the way the GOP wanted it, Republicans responded by impaneling a team of experts to divine what hard lessons needed to be learn, and come up with a long-term strategy to get back on the winning side. That effort yielded the 100-page "Growth And Opportunity Project" report (more colloquially known as the "RNC Autopsy"). Progress on this venture has been decidedly mixed , at best.
Elsewhere, however, key GOP figures were contemplating a short-term solution, focused on the 2014 midterms. Chief among them was former Bush adviser and Fox News contributor Karl Rove. His vision: the Conservative Victory Project . Its goal: No more Todd Akins! Rove attributed key GOP losses to the fact that too many undisciplined candidates were making it through party primaries and into general elections against Democratic candidates that more seasoned, established GOP candidates could beat.
In an interesting coincidence of timing, Rove's project launched around the same time that Iowa's Democratic senator, Tom Harkin, announced he would be retiring. Subsequently, one of the first people to end up in the crosshairs of Rove's new organization was U.S. Rep. Steve King of Iowa. As The New York Times reported at the time :
Representative Steve King, a six-term Iowa Republican, could be among the earliest targets of the Conservative Victory Project. He said he had not decided whether he would run for the Senate, but the leaders of the project in Washington are not waiting to try to steer him away from the race.
The group’s plans, which were outlined for the first time last week in an interview with [American Crossroads president Steven J.] Law, call for hard-edge campaign tactics, including television advertising, against candidates whom party leaders see as unelectable and a drag on the efforts to win the Senate. Mr. Law cited Iowa as an example and said Republicans could no longer be squeamish about intervening in primary fights.
“We’re concerned about Steve King’s Todd Akin problem,” Mr. Law said. “This is an example of candidate discipline and how it would play in a general election. All of the things he’s said are going to be hung around his neck.”
Iowa ended up with Iowa state Sen. Joni Ernst as their standardbearer in that Senate race, and while she's pushed the envelope in the wrong direction at times, she's more or less proved to be a manageable candidate. (Though it arguably helped Ernst that the media, by and large, chose to give her multiple passes.) Over in Colorado, Rove got the sort of candidate he prefers in U.S. Rep. Cory Gardner -- again, a manageable alternative to Ken Buck . Throughout the primary season, Republicans avoided elevating the types of candidates -- your Todd Akins, Sharron Angles, and Richard Mourdocks -- that had previously sunk ambitions.
Tuesday, in the critical Colorado and Iowa races, Gardner and Ernst both prevailed, beating established Democratic candidates thought to have superior ground operations. The GOP may still need to revisit that "RNC autopsy." But in the short term, what Karl Rove wanted to get, he got.
-- Jason Linkins

INS Sudarshini to set sail to mark 50 years of Indo-Singapore bilateral tiesCECA
(The ship would be open for…)
CHENNAI: Indian Navy's sailing ship INS Sudarshini is set to sail from Kochi to Singapore next month to mark the golden jubilee of bilateral ties between India and the island state in South-East Asia.
"To mark the completion of 50 years of diplomatic ties between India and Singapore, the Indian Navy has decided to set to sail INS Sudarshini to that country. We are planning to leave Kochi by the end of next month," Commander T Rajasekhar, Commanding Officer of INS Sudarshini told PTI.
The ship would be open for visitors between January 19 and 23 next year in Singapore, he said.
Earlier this year, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj kicked off year-long celebrations to mark 50 years of establishment of India-Singapore diplomatic ties jointly with Singapore Foreign Minister K Shanmugam, who noted that India was one of the first countries to give diplomatic recognition to Singapore.
To mark the feat, President Pranab Mukherjee and his Singapore counterpart Tony Tan would exchange state visits next year.
Shanmugam had also said the year-long celebration would also include a Singapore festival in India and an Indian festival in Singapore.
The annual bilateral trade has flourished in the last decade from USD 4.2 billion in 2003-04 to around USD 19.4 billion in 2013-14, notably since the signing of the Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement ( CECA ) in 2005.
Belonging to the First Training Squadron at the Southern Naval Command of the Indian Navy, INS Sudarshini is primarily engaged in training naval and NCC cadets on the seamanship but also goes on historic voyages around the world.
Since its official launch in 2011, the three-masted sailing ship with a barque rig has been on significant voyages of national importance.
The 54-metre-long ship with 20 sails has been on a six-month voyage to nine ASEAN nations during 2012-13 retracing the ancient route taken by Indian mariners to South East Asia during the 18th century.
INS Sudarshini with a crew of five officers, 31 sailors and 30 cadets can remain at sea for at least 20 days at a time. INS Sudarshini is presently sailing from Chennai to Nagappattinam in Tamil Nadu, to mark the Indian Navy's commemoration of emperor Rajendra Chola's millennium of coronation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Navy moves 2 warships away from Kolkata port after terror alertNavy moves 2 warships away from Kolkata port after terror alert
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 10.32AM IST
The move came two days after a suicide bomber killed 60 people in Wagah on Indo-Pak border, deepening fears that Pakistan's internal strife was spreading into India.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Indian navy withdrew two warships from the eastern port of Kolkata on Tuesday after intelligence agencies warned of an attack on the port and the city, police and navy officers said.
The rare move came two days after a suicide bomber killed 60 people in Wagah on India-Pakistan border, hundreds of miles to the west, deepening fears that Pakistan's internal strife was spreading into India.
Two naval warships, INS Khukri and INS Sumitra , that had docked in Kolkata on Monday were ordered back into sea for "operational reasons", navy spokesman Captain D.K. Sharma said.
The ships were meant to be in port until Friday for public viewing as part of ceremonies in the run-up to Navy Day next month, he said.
Two officers in the control room at the police headquarters in West Bengal where Kolkata is located said they had received a message from federal intelligence agencies on Tuesday warning of the possibility of an attack on the port.
"The alert is for the port area. We have taken security measures following the alert," the inspector in charge of the state control room said, asking that he not be named in line with state police policy.
On Sunday, a bomber detonated his suicide vest near the Wagah checkpoint between India and Pakistan just as people on the Pakistani side were leaving after a daily flag-lowering ceremony by border guards.
Three Pakistan-based groups including a splinter faction of the Pakistan Taliban with ties to al Qaeda claimed responsibility for that attack, the deadliest in months in Pakistan's heartland Punjab province.
While the attack was seen immediately as a reprisal for Pakistani army operations against militants sheltered in North Waziristan, intelligence experts in India said the location of the attack near the border had touched off alarm bells.
"The Pakistanis have been hit, but there is a message for us. It is near to the Indian border, we cannot but take cognizance," said Rana Banerji, a former top official at the Research and Analysis Wing, India's external intelligence arm and a long-time specialist on Pakistan and militant groups.
Both Pakistan and India have been on higher alert since al Qaeda announced the formation of a local branch to raise the flag of jihad in a region home to more than 400 million Muslims.
Days after the announcement by its chief Ayman al-Zawahri last month, al Qaeda's South Asia wing claimed responsibility for hijacking a Pakistani naval ship and trying to use it to fire rockets at U.S. vessels in the Arabian Sea, in the first major assault by the newly created group.
The attack in the southern port of Karachi was repelled after a six-hour exchange of fire.

Smartphone mkt in India: Samsung leads over MicromaxSamsung expands lead over Micromax in India’s smartphone market
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 09.35AM IST
Tags:
clear leader in the mobile handsets business
(Gfk data for July, August…)
NEW DELHI: Samsung Electronics expanded its lead over Micromax in India's smartphone market in September, while Nokia retained its third spot, significantly ahead of Lava and Karbonn, data from research firm Gfk showed.
Gfk data for July, August and September showed South Korea's Samsung had achieved a 33% market share at the end of the period after gaining over a percentage point from August. Home-bred Micromax came in second with more than 18% share, adding a tad over the previous month, while Finnish handset maker Nokia, now owned by Microsoft, managed to keep itself going at No 3 with 12% share. ET has reviewed the research firm's data.
In the wider market that includes feature phones, Samsung led with about a fourth of the market share while Nokia continued to be No 2 at about 21%. Micromax, however, came in a distant third with 13.5% share, data showed.
The smartphone market in India is surging, as a drop in prices tempts more people to switch from feature phones to smartphones.
The trend revealed in these Gfk figures - which are based on actual sales -contrasts those brought out in the April-June data published by CounterPoint Research, Cybermedia Research (CMR) and International Data Corporation (IDC), which suggested narrowing of gap between the market leader and its closest challenger.
Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Research had said that Micromax was the leading overall handset vendor with 16.6% market share in the April-June period, overtaking Samsung, which garnered 14.4%. The other two had noted that while the Korean company was still the leader, the Indian vendor was fast catching up.
Counterpoint's director of research , Neil Shah , stuck by the agency's second-quarter findings, adding that its preliminary data for the July-September period also showed the same trend - Samsung trailing Micromax in the overall market, but the reverse in the smartphone segment.
"We track shipments, i.e. what is sold into the channel from the OEM and that is pan-India and not sell-through in our quarterly Market Monitor program," Shah said, explaining the difference in methodology compared with Gfk.
GfK did not comment on the figures sourced by ET. IDC chose not to comment on these numbers as the research firm is expected to come out with its third-quarter data next week.
About 71% of more than 924 million mobile phone users in India still use feature phones, offering a massive opportunity for global as well as Indian players to increase their footprint in this pricier segment.
Most handset makers, including new entrants, are focusing on the Rs 5,000 to Rs 15,000 category, in which a far larger number of smartphones are sold compared with the premium price brackets. As per IDC, more than 36 million smartphones were shipped into India till June this year.
According to Shah, preliminary Q3 2014 data from Counterpoint shows that Samsung still leads the India smartphone market with 26% share, having improved from the 25.3% it had in the previous quarter. Micromax comes in a close second with 21% share by shipments.
A spokesperson for Samsung India did not comment on market share figures specifically, but reiterated that Samsung is a clear leader in the mobile handsets business across price categories. "We will continue to offer the best to our consumers in line with their expectations to maintain our leadership position."
Micromax did not respond to ET's email query on the market share figures.
Faisal Kawoosa, CMR's lead analyst, said preliminary findings matched its previous quarter findings of Samsung as the market leader with Micromax closing in, in the case of smartphones. It did not comment on the overall market data, saying it will release full numbers soon.
"One needs to compare the methodology, reach, et al of any research programme to compare it with another," Kawoosa said.
As per Gfk on a value basis, Samsung leads the overall and smartphone markets with about 34% and 38% market share, respectively, at the end of September.
Nokia, despite losing market share, is No 2 by value overall, and in third spot for smartphones, while Micromax is No 3 overall and No 2 in the smartphone category.
Japan's Sony managed to grab around 6% and 8.5% share, respectively, higher than local handset makers Lava and Karbonn, which as per IDC, are among the top four brands as of June-end.
Microsoft declined to comment on market shares while Sony did not respond to ET's queries on the matter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government plans huge new office complex in Lutyens  zoneGovernment plans huge new office complex in Lutyens' zone
By TNN | 5 Nov, 2014, 09.58AM IST
Going by rough calculations, the new secretariat would be at least twice the size of the Scope Complex on Lodhi Road, which has offices of 24 PSUs.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The central government plans to build a massive new secretariat spread over nearly 10 acres in the Lutyens' Bungalow Zone to overcome an office-space shortage of about 22 lakh square feet.
Going by rough calculations, the new secretariat would be at least twice the size of the Scope Complex on Lodhi Road, which has offices of 24 public sector units and has over 9,000 people working in the building.
The proposal for the complex has been pushed by the department of personnel and training (DoPT) after the new government took over, sources said.
Officials in the know of the plan said the proposal was under discussion and the first consultative meeting of was scheduled for later this week.
An official said the idea was to bring all wings of every ministry or department in one building for efficient delivery and better intradepartmental coordination. At present, wings of many ministries and departments spread across many parts of the city.
"Almost every ministry and department has been demanding more space to accommodate people. Currently they have no option but to take office space on rent. Sometimes departments have to wait for long periods till adequate space is found for them. The problem is only going to grow in future," said a government official who did not wish to be named.
In several cases, the estate department of urban development ministry has allocated space to central ministry offices in state government properties such as J&K House and Bikaner House. If the department provides a letter stating no space was available, ministries and departments are also allowed to take private properties on rent in complexes such as the Jeevan Bharti building in Connaught Place.
TOI has learnt that though the Central Public Works Department has a lot of land in its possession in Ghitorni, south Delhi, where such an office complex can be built, this option is not being considered. This is because most ministries and departments are headquartered in the LBZ and want space in that area.
Moreover, locating offices in the central part of the capital becomes convenient for public and other stakeholders. Sources said the site for the new office complex would be decided in the next few months. There is even an option to construct the secretariat on land occupied by two government bungalows.

Lava may become second largest local smartphone brandLava may become second largest local smartphone brand
By Danish Khan , ET Bureau | 4 Nov, 2014, 03.10AM IST
In the feature phones category, Lava topped the list in the number of handsets imported, followed by Micromax and Karbonn.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Lava is likely to replace Karbonn as India's second largest local smartphone vendor in a ranking led by Micromax, handsets import data indicates.
Data from market research firm Cybex Exim Solutions , which tracks only domestic phone vendors, shows that Micromax imported 3.7 million smartphones in the third quarter of 2014 while Lava imported 1.9 million and Karbonn 1.8 million. Karbonn, however, said it remains ahead of Lava as per its own calculations.
In the feature phones category, Lava topped the list in the number of handsets imported, followed by Micromax and Karbonn. Overall, Micromax maintained its lead, with Lava pipping Karbonn to second spot. All three vendors import devices mainly from China. Next week, market research firms IDC and CounterPoint Technology are expected to come out with their shipment data, which will indicate the market share rankings for the July-September period.
India's surging but volatile smartphone market, is expected to nearly double to over 80 million devices by end of 2014. In the April-June period, it was led by Samsung at 29 per cent. Micromax was a close second at 18 per cent, followed by Karbonn (8 per cent) and Lava (6 per cent).
In India, feature phones still account for over 70 per cent of the market, but are being fast replaced by smartphones.
Karbonn and Lava are facing strong competition from the likes of Lenovo-Motorola, Xiaomi and Gionee, while Microsoft-Nokia is also trying to regain lost market share.
Noida-based Lava has been growing consistently and at a healthy rate since the beginning of the current financial year, according to IDC and Convergence Catalyst's founder analyst Jayanth Kolla ."In terms of growth, it has got to be Lava. Starting with the first quarter, they were at the smaller market share. In terms of rate of growth, they have been on a roll among the three players," Kolla said.
Lava is the first India phone vendor to introduce its own user interface or skin —Hive— on the Android OS. No other domestic brand has invested on this front lately. Kolla said it is a strong product differentiator for Lava devices in India.
The change in the ranking dynamics was predicted by IDC in its handset market report for the second quarter. "It will not be a surprise if Lava topples Karbonn to clinch the third spot in the smartphone category in the coming quarters," the market research firm had said.
Karbonn's executive director Shashin Devsare said the company is not worried. "Our shipment trends in the last quarter keep us at number 2 in smartphones," he said.
Devsare said the company is seeing quarter over quarter growth, which is in line with internal targets. "We have been maintaining our position with 6-7 lakh smartphones per month in the last quarter, on an average. We focus on meeting targets rather seeing if we are growing in terms of market share," he said.

New Hampshire Senate Election Results: Jeanne Shaheen Defeats Scott BrownWinner: Karl Rove
After the 2012 elections didn't quite go the way the GOP wanted it, Republicans responded by impaneling a team of experts to divine what hard lessons needed to be learn, and come up with a long-term strategy to get back on the winning side. That effort yielded the 100-page "Growth And Opportunity Project" report (more colloquially known as the "RNC Autopsy"). Progress on this venture has been decidedly mixed , at best.
Elsewhere, however, key GOP figures were contemplating a short-term solution, focused on the 2014 midterms. Chief among them was former Bush adviser and Fox News contributor Karl Rove. His vision: the Conservative Victory Project . Its goal: No more Todd Akins! Rove attributed key GOP losses to the fact that too many undisciplined candidates were making it through party primaries and into general elections against Democratic candidates that more seasoned, established GOP candidates could beat.
In an interesting coincidence of timing, Rove's project launched around the same time that Iowa's Democratic senator, Tom Harkin, announced he would be retiring. Subsequently, one of the first people to end up in the crosshairs of Rove's new organization was U.S. Rep. Steve King of Iowa. As The New York Times reported at the time :
Representative Steve King, a six-term Iowa Republican, could be among the earliest targets of the Conservative Victory Project. He said he had not decided whether he would run for the Senate, but the leaders of the project in Washington are not waiting to try to steer him away from the race.
The group’s plans, which were outlined for the first time last week in an interview with [American Crossroads president Steven J.] Law, call for hard-edge campaign tactics, including television advertising, against candidates whom party leaders see as unelectable and a drag on the efforts to win the Senate. Mr. Law cited Iowa as an example and said Republicans could no longer be squeamish about intervening in primary fights.
“We’re concerned about Steve King’s Todd Akin problem,” Mr. Law said. “This is an example of candidate discipline and how it would play in a general election. All of the things he’s said are going to be hung around his neck.”
Iowa ended up with Iowa state Sen. Joni Ernst as their standardbearer in that Senate race, and while she's pushed the envelope in the wrong direction at times, she's more or less proved to be a manageable candidate. (Though it arguably helped Ernst that the media, by and large, chose to give her multiple passes.) Over in Colorado, Rove got the sort of candidate he prefers in U.S. Rep. Cory Gardner -- again, a manageable alternative to Ken Buck . Throughout the primary season, Republicans avoided elevating the types of candidates -- your Todd Akins, Sharron Angles, and Richard Mourdocks -- that had previously sunk ambitions.
Tuesday, in the critical Colorado and Iowa races, Gardner and Ernst both prevailed, beating established Democratic candidates thought to have superior ground operations. The GOP may still need to revisit that "RNC autopsy." But in the short term, what Karl Rove wanted to get, he got.
-- Jason Linkins

Will take time to fix economy  reforms not about one sensational idea: Arun JaitleyClimate degegates generating 29,000 tonnes of CO2: Group
After fighting the Lok Sabha elections on the promise of providing quickfix solutions to all economic ills in India, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said that ‘reform is not about one sensational idea’ and it will take a lot of time to rectify the the Indian economy.
Committing to more reforms and eliminating corruption, Jaitley said steps taken by the new government were aimed at creating fair and transparent business environment and ending crony capitalism.
The government was also looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws, the Minister said, while adding that the reforms can’t be just “one sensational idea”.
“You can damage the economy by one bad idea. Retrospective taxation is one bad idea that damaged the economy,” Jaitley said while speaking at the India Economic Summit here.
Recalling the steps taken by the NDA government to deal with coal block allocation problems, Jaitley said, as a result “the element of discretion in the hands of the state has almost disappeared and hence once you take decision of these kinds (it will) eliminate the possibility of corruption, collateral consideration or crony capitalism as you call it.”
The investors, he added, could look for a system “which is fair, not a system on which they have to entirely depend on the largesse of politicians and ministers.”
Similar reforms, he said, would be undertaken for allocation of natural resources and other minerals.
Reforms, Jaitley said, “is a long journey…. Some people expect that the second generation of reforms in India really needs one or two big bang ideas that probably is not the answer.
The Minister said that merely undoing wrongs of past would not cure all our problems. “So we began on a journey and I believe that the pit was reasonably deep. And therefore rectifying it will require a lot of time”.
The Summit is being organised by Geneva-based World Economic Forum (WEF) and industry chamber CII.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley Economic Reforms Indian Economy WEF
More from economy

Investors eye opportunities as Republican Party take U.S. SenateMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The Republican takeover of the U.S. Senate on Tuesday could lead to new legislative measures that directly effect the energy sector and other slices of the equities market.
Republican Senate candidates picked up formerly Democratic seats in Iowa, North Carolina, Montana, Colorado, West Virginia, South Dakota and Arkansas, more than the six gains needed for a majority in that chamber.
With Republican control of both houses of Congress and a Democrat in the White House, political analysts expect more of the gridlock that has characterized most of the six years of President Barack Obama’s tenure.
“There aren’t too many surprises here, and I don’t think markets will react negatively, or positively on this,” said Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin.
Investors with a stake in the energy sector, the sole industry group in the S&P 500 with negative year-to-date returns, hope Republican control of the Senate will speed up approval of oil and gas pipelines, reform crude and natural gas export laws, and motivate the Obama administration to include those energy exports in new, or broader, trade agreements.
Many voters are giddy about gasoline prices under $3 a gallon, but still no party wants to be in charge of lifting a ban that could result in gasoline prices rising again. So politicians have room to maneuver around the issue, opening the possibility for a spike in volatility in that sector.
It is also possible that an emboldened Republican Party will attempt to force budget cuts and consider another battle over the debt ceiling in 2015, which could sap market confidence. Equity markets have been damaged in the recent past by such battles – most notably in 2011, when a budget fight led to the first-ever downgrade of the U.S. credit rating.
“Republicans who want to make a run for control of the Executive branch in 2016 will likely strike a tone of compromise,” said Jacobsen, but “those on the fringe will likely look to turn the showdown into a shutdown.”
S&P E-mini futures were up 4.75 points, or 0.2 percent, late on Tuesday.
Other issues that may also find traction under Republicans include a potential repeal of the medical-device tax that is part of the Affordable Care Act, which could be a positive for the healthcare technology sector. Republicans could also try to  slow adoption of online gaming, which could boost casino stocks.
History shows a bullish bias in stocks after midterm elections. Since 1928, the S&P 500 has posted a median return of 7 percent in the 90 days after a midterm, with returns positive 86 percent of the time, according to Barclays.
TAGS: Republican Senate Candidates U.S Legislative Measures U.S. Senate
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Wagah bombers say India is nextWagah bombers say India is next
Mail Today –  Wed 5 Nov, 2014
Print
Hours after the suicide attack on the Pakistan side of the Attari-Wagah border crossing, the group that claimed responsibility for the carnage sent out a sinister warning: India is in its sights too.
In a message posted on Twitter, Jamaatul-Ahrar spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan said the attack was intended to be a “message” to the governments of both India and Pakistan.
At least 61 people were killed when a suicide bomber detonated his explosive vest while a large crowd was dispersing after the popular flag-lowering ceremony on Sunday.
“This attack was a message to the governments on both sides of the border. If we can carry out an attack on this side, then we can attack the other side too,” Ehsan said in a tweet  in Urdu.
 He claimed the Wagah attack was carried out by “our friend Hafiz Hanifullah” (the suicide bomber), and said in another tweet that the group would release a video of the assault.
In another tweet, Ehsan claimed Prime Minister Narendra Modi was the “killer of hundreds of Muslims” and that his group would “take the revenge of innocent people of Kashmir and Gugrat (sic)”.
Though two other lesser-known groups — Jundullah (Soldiers of Allah), a breakaway faction of the Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), and the Mahar Mehsud group — claimed responsibility for the attack at Wagah, security experts are now veering to the conclusion that the Jamaat-ul-Ahrar was responsible for the brazen assault.
Ehsan described the claims of the two other groups as “baseless” and posted on Twitter that they did not have “the ability to do (sic) such attacks”.
He said the attack was planned at the Jamaat-ul-Ahrar’s headquarters.
The suicide attack in close proximity to the border crossing and the Jamaat-ul-Ahrar’s threat has sent ripples of alarm through the Indian security establishment.
A top official, who did not want to be named, acknowledged that the bombing was intended to be a “message” to India even though it was carried out in a parking lot located some 500 metres from the border gates.
There is also consternation in Indian security circles that the Pakistani side was unable to prevent the assault despite several intelligence reports about an impending attack at Wagah. Reports from both countries have said Indian and Pakistani intelligence agencies had picked up plans for an attack ahead of the suicide blast.
Pakistani security agencies found explosives and a suicide jacket packed with explosives and ball bearings during a search operation in the Wagah area after the attack.
The Lahore Police arrested a teenager named Abdul Rehman from Multan district on the suspicion that he was the second suicide bomber sent to target the Wagah border crossing. They had earlier issued a sketch of Rehman, who had gone missing from a seminary in the old quarters of Lahore about a month ago.
Sources said Indian intelligence agencies, including the R&AW, too had picked up information about a possible attack at Wagah during the flag-lowering ceremony or at the Golden Temple in Amritsar and alerted security forces.
BSF chief D.K. Pathak has acknowledged that his force was on high alert at the time of Sunday’s attack. The Jamaat-ul- Ahrar was formed in late August after a leadership dispute within the Tehrik-e- Taliban Pakistan and it comprises several jihadi factions drawn from Mohmand and Bajaur tribal regions of northwest Pakistan.
The group is led by Maulana Omar Khorasani, a former commander of the TTP. Many leading members of the TPP have joined the Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, and Ehsanullah Ehsan was earlier the spokesman of the TTP.
Khorasani is considered to be close to Al Qaeda and its chief Ayman al-Zawahiri, who recently announced the formation of a new wing in the Indian subcontinent. Security experts said the attack at Wagah could be aimed at establishing the Jamaat-ul-Ahrar’s supremacy over other Taliban factions.
The TTP is currently headed by Maulana Fazlullah, who has been very low-key and confined his activities to Afghanistan. As the US-led foreign forces begin their drawdown in Afghanistan, there are growing fears in the security establishment that more and more Pakistanbased jihadi groups could turn their attention towards India.
According to the Long War Journal, a website that tracks jihadi groups, the Jamaat-ul-Ahrar participated in a joint suicide assault with the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan on two Pakistani military airbases in Quetta two weeks before the group officially announced its formation.
The group has also welcomed the formation of the Al Qaeda wing in the Indian subcontinent, saying it would work for the “rights of Muslims” in the region.
Hasina warned PM Modi of terror plot
Days before the Burdwan blast put spotlight on the Jamaat-ul- Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) activities in West Bengal, Dhaka had alerted New Delhi about its concerns regarding Bangladeshi terrorists operating from Indian soil.
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina had flagged Bangladesh’s concerns when she met her Indian counterpart Narendra Modi in New York on September 27 on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly, highly-placed government sources said.
This was the first meeting between the two leaders after Modi assumed office on May 26. The Centre had then conveyed its concerns about activities of the Bangladeshi terrorists to West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee.
However, no action was taken by the state government, the sources said.
“In fact, the authorities in West Bengal did not even take the threat seriously,” a source said.
Government sources said that had it not been for the accidental blast in Burdwan on October 2, the local authorities would never have cracked down on the JMB network.
The blast in a terrorist hideout led counter-terror agencies to a terror module set up by the JMB silently working to spread terror across India.
Considering the international ramifications, the Centre did not waste much time and handed over the probe to the NIA despite opposition from the Mamata Banerjee government.
The seriousness of the threat prompted National Security Adviser Ajit Doval to visit Burdwan recently to get an update from ground zero on efforts being made to crack the terror network. The sources said a dossier is being prepared to be handed over to Bangladesh.
Authorities are confident of busting the modules set up in India. The NIA wants to send a team to Bangladesh to expand the probe. An initial probe has revealed that JMB was hatching a conspiracy to carry out terror strikes across India.
It was also training Indian youths for terror activities. The group planned to target Assam, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, West Bengal, J&K and UP, sources said. Some 30 people who were part of the JMB’s local module have been identified, the sources said. Arrests have been made in West Bengal and Assam.
Recommend

Cut in Repo Rate Unlikely to Boost Investments: CrisilMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Mumbai: The recent slowdown in the Indian economy is on account of policy uncertainty and sluggish domestic demand, and a cut in repo rate is unlikely to spur investments, Crisil said in a report on Wednesday.
"Factors behind the recent slowdown in economic growth and investment in the country have little to do with high interest rates. The primary reason is a sharp fall in the expected return on investments due to policy uncertainty and slowing domestic demand," the rating agency said in its report.
"In such a situation, leaning on monetary policy to revive investments will yield little benefit," it added.
With inflation easing in recent months, there has been growing clamour for a rate cut to boost the economy.
Retail inflation, based on the Consumer Price Index (CPI), eased to 6.46 per cent in September - the lowest since January 2012 - from 7.73 per cent in August.
Although the monetary policy tool of cutting the interest rate is conventionally used to energise a flagging economy, it does not hold true under all circumstances, the report noted.
"And it carries the risk of reversing the recent gains in inflation, which, in any case, is nothing much to write home about," it added.
It said investment growth has slowed down sharply even though policy rates have been negative in real terms and real lending rates have averaged less than 3 per cent.
The rating agency said the government should continue to improve the policy environment to raise the expected return on investment.
It also said the new NDA government has taken a number of steps, which will yield results over the next few quarters.
"On its part, the RBI should continue its fight to stabilise consumer price inflation below 6 per cent and that would require standing pat on the repo rate," it said.
Lower inflation will help revive consumption demand and reduce input costs, boosting return on investments, the report added.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 17:11 (IST)

Polish vodka gives Stock a headachePolish vodka trouble gives Stock a headache
Henry Foy in Warsaw
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c0541d8a-64e4-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tata  Mahindra & Mahindra keen to invest in HimachalTata  Mahindra & Mahindra keen to invest in Himachal
Laddu packing: IIP awaits response from TTD authoritiesLaddu packing: IIP awaits response from TTD authorities
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, November 5:  
The Indian Institute of Packaging (IIP) is ready to offer a packaging solution to the famed Tirupati ‘Laddu’ to enhance its shelf life, according to its Director NC Saha.
Speaking to newspersons at a press conference, Saha said IIP was waiting for response from the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) on a proposal it submitted earlier in this regard. “We are waiting for the positive response from TTD, so that they can install automatic vacuum packaging system for the packaging of ‘laddu’ with higher shelf life,” he said.
Referring to the upcoming national summit on packaging which would be meeting with a theme on ‘Packaging for Tomorrow’, he said the collection of packaging waste material was a challenge for the country.
Plastic collection
In a city like Mumbai which has about 1.2 million rag-pickers, flexible plastic materials which were light in weight and without resale value were not being collected, he added.
The IIP had taken an initiative with Indian Health & Beauty Care Products Association, Mumbai, to offer incentives to the rag pickers so that they collect plastic based waste material and supply to the recycling plant for the conversion into different solid material for non packaging application.
The conference would address a host of issues including this type of challenges, he added. 
The size of global packaging industry, which is growing at 15 per cent per annum, is about $750 billion in which Indian share is $24.6 billion.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Biz climate and returns key to spur investments: Crisileconomy (general)
The rating agency feels rate cut is not the solution
Even as the call for interest rate cut intensifies from India Inc, leading ratings agency Crisil has echoed RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan’s views that a rate cut may not necessarily boost investments. It has cited business environment and falling returns on investments as the major dampeners for poor investment climate in the country.
The study by Crisil Research argues that the recent slowdown in growth and investment has nothing to do with high interest rates; they are more because of government policy and slowing domestic demand. . The report points out that investment has slowed down despite the benign interest rates that have prevailed over the last few years. “Investment growth, particularly private corporate investment, plummeted in the fiscals 2013 and 2014, despite low real interest rates. During this time, the policy rate in real terms — repo rate minus retail inflation — has been negative, and real lending rates averaged 2.4 per cent. This is significantly lower than the 7.4 per cent seen in the pre-crisis years (2004-2008). Yet investment growth dropped to 0.3 per cent, down from an average 16.2 per cent seen in the pre-crisis years, the report stated.
Explaining falling returns on investment, the report said: “The average rate of return on non-financial corporate investment— as proxied by return on assets — fell sharply to 2.8 per cent in fiscal 2013 and 2014 from nearly 6 per cent in the pre-global financial crisis years. If the return on investments already made has fallen so sharply, expected return on investments planned but not yet made would have plummeted even more, rendering them unfeasible.”
While analysing automobile sector, where credit penetration is high, the report has found that factors others than interest rate have pulled down the demand. “Real lending rates have fallen during the past two years due to persistently high inflation. Despite lower real lending rates which favour borrowers, there is a sharp slowdown in both, loan disbursals and sales growth, especially after fiscal 2012.
Similarly, high inflation and low income visibility trimmed the discretionary spending capability of households and severely impacted their affordability and thereby affecting the demand for passenger vehicles. In the case of commercial vehicles, factors such as stalling of infrastructure projects, general slowdown in industry and a ban on mining activities affected demand.
The report also said the new NDA government had taken a number of steps, which will yield results over the next few quarters. At the same time, the RBI should continue its fight to stabilise consumer price inflation below 6 per cent and that would require standing pat on the repo rate. Lower inflation will help revive consumption demand and reduce input costs, boosting return on investments.

Jet Airways expands international servicesJet Airways expands international services
Our Bureau
Mumbai, November 5:  
Jet Airways has started new services from Mumbai to Doha (Qatar), Colombo (Sri Lanka) and Bangkok (Thailand).
Doha is currently linked with one flight each from Mumbai, Delhi and Kochi. The new flight on this ‘high demand route’ will not only cater to the growing Indian expatriate traffic, but also boost tourism and trade between the two cities, according to a press statement.
In response to the increasing demand, Jet Airways has added a second direct flight from Mumbai to Colombo and a third service between Mumbai and Bangkok.
“Jet Airways has already established itself as a prestigious brand in these competitive sectors in a relatively short period of time and these enhanced connectivity further emphasises the airlines commitment to growing this market,” Gaurang Shetty, Senior Vice-President - Commercial, Jet Airways, said in a press statement.
Today, the carrier launched its inaugural flight from Delhi to Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, following a recent memorandum of understanding between Jet Airways and Vietnam Airlines.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Barack Obama seeks $6.2 billion for Ebola fightBarack Obama is asking Congress for $6.2 billion in emergency funds to confront Ebola at its source in West Africa.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:51 am
US President Barack Obama is asking Congress for $6.2 billion in emergency funds to confront Ebola at its source in West Africa and to secure the United States against any possible spread.
Administration officials say $2 billion would be apportioned to the United States Agency for International Development and $2.4 billion would go to the Department of Health and Human Services. More than $1.5 billion would be for a contingency fund.
The Ebola money is the first request from Obama in the aftermath of an election that ushered in a Republican-controlled Congress, which is being seen as a repudiation of the president. The Ebola crisis has received bipartisan attention amid concerns over the potential of the disease to spread into the United States.
The White House is asking for prompt action, meaning it wants approval during the current lame duck session, while Democrats are still in control of the Senate.
Republicans have been especially critical of the administration’s domestic response, criticising its coordination with states and questioning the security measures it has put in place. Still, less than a handful of cases have materialized in the United States. One patient who contracted the disease in Liberia died in Dallas, two nurses who treated him became infected but eventually recovered and one doctor who returned from West Africa where he was treating Ebola patients became sick and is now under care in a hospital in New York City.
The nearly $2 billion for USAID and $127 million for the Department of State would help carry out the US anti-Ebola mission in West Africa. More than $2.4 billion would go HHS, but administration officials would not break down the request on the basis of what was to be used to fight the disease overseas and what was meant to boost defenses in the United States. The Pentagon would get about $112 million.
Two administration officials described the request to the Associated Press on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorised to discuss it by name ahead of the announcement.
The $4.64 billion in immediate spending would be used to strengthen the public health system in the US, combat the epidemic in West Africa, and speed up the development and testing of vaccines and other therapies. The money also would be used to help vulnerable foreign countries detect and respond to the disease.
House Speaker John Boehner’s office said appropriators would review the request.
“We’ll continue to work with our members and the administration to ensure we are doing everything we can to protect the public from a deadly disease,” Boehner spokesman Kevin Smith said.
In making its case for the request, Obama faces a challenge of reassuring the public that Ebola is a difficult disease to contract here in the continued…

CEO: Virgin Galactic Looks to Resume Tests in 2015The 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Sailor freed by pirates recounts horror: Begged for food  waterBahadur Singh in Mumbai on Wednesday. (Source: Express photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Mumbai | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:34 am
By: Santoshee Gulabkali Mishra
Bahadur Singh, a 57-year-old sailor from Ranakapura village in Haryana, is among seven Indians who arrived in Mumbai last week after being held captive by Somalian pirates for four years.
Bahadur lacks confidence and gets restless when asked to recount his ordeal. The only thing he says with certainty is that he doesn’t have any respect for pirates. He was among the 15-member crew of Indians aboard M V Asphalt Venture, which was hijacked by Somalian pirates off the coast of Tanzania on September 28, 2010. Eight men were released in April 2011. The rest returned last week.
“I am eager to meet my 95-year-old mother. She prayed for me day and night,” said Bahadur. “After offering prayers at all temples, mosques and gurdwaras in Mumbai, I would like to meet her the first,” he added. He is also looking forward to seeing his two children,a 30-year-old daughter and a 27-year-old son.
Apart from Bahadur, Manjeet Singh (57), T B Unnikrishnan (57), George Joseph (60), Sohan Singh (45), Bhim Sen Singh (45) and Littton Daniston Anthony (27) are being guided by their Indian coordinator Chirag Bahri for the Maritime Piracy Humanitarian Response Programme.
“At present, all of them are under mental trauma. The moment they are asked about what happened, they start crying. We are giving them psychological counselling here in Mumbai,” Bahri said.
Talking about the ill-fated day, Bahadur said, “We were travelling from Mombasa in Kenya towards Durban in South Africa when two speeding boats with almost 20 armed pirates entered from the rear of our ship. They forcibly took the carrier to Hardere Anchorage in Somalia.”
“I had seen scenes of kidnapping in movies, but it was actually happening to us. We suffered every day and every minute for the past four years,” he said. Describing the location where they were taken, he said, “It is named after the village, Hardere. We were kept in the forest where the chief of the troops named Sarafee Abdula-hi alias David had huge farms. It was like a fortress armed with 400-500 soldiers.”
He added, “Sarafee probably watched a lot of Hindi films. He used to tie our hands and legs. Then, they used to dance and fire in the air with their AK-47s. It was a horror. They threw me towards fire; I managed to save my face but my hands were completely burnt.”
Bahadur claimed the seven Indian sailors were initially told by Sarafee that he wanted 122 Somalian pirates held in Indian jails to be released, but later, ransom was demanded from the hostages’ families. “I was connected with my family and told to inform them that I will be freed if millions were paid,” Bahadur said.
“At times, we would cry for drinking water. We were on our knees for food. We hardly had water to bathe. We were given three litres and were asked to use it for three months. continued…

I believe Modi will repeal AFSPA from Manipur: Irom SharmilaIrom Sharmila.
Written by Esha Roy | Imphal | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:43 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 1:17 pm
On the day she began the 15th year of her fast to protest AFSPA in Manipur, Irom Sharmila Chanu said she firmly believed Prime Minister Narendra Modi would repeal the controversial law from the state.
“When I watched what happened in Godhra, I thought Modi is a very dangerous man. But in 2009, I dreamt that he was standing in front of me and smiling. And now, he has become PM. Since then, I have a firm conviction that this man will repeal AFSPA from Manipur, he is capable of doing it. That is my gut instinct, that is my conviction,” she said from a room in the special ward of Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Sciences that has been her home for over a decade.
“Why can’t it be possible. He (Modi) is from the birthplace of Gandhiji whose principles I follow. He will respect his leader’s principles,’’she added. On the day she completes 15 years of her protest, Gwangju awardees and rights activists Dr Binayak Sen and Lenin Raghuvanshi along with a host of other luminaries flocked to meet Sharmila.
“People see me as a separatist. But, I am struggling for India’s integrity. After the way the army has behaved, if the government does not repeal AFSPA, then Manipur will get automatically get separated from India,” she said.
She added, “The problem in Manipur right now is that we feel discriminated. Every now and then, Northeastern people are attacked, simply because our facial features and food are different. They can’t see us as equals.”

Greg Abbott Wins Texas Governor RaceWinner: Karl Rove
After the 2012 elections didn't quite go the way the GOP wanted it, Republicans responded by impaneling a team of experts to divine what hard lessons needed to be learn, and come up with a long-term strategy to get back on the winning side. That effort yielded the 100-page "Growth And Opportunity Project" report (more colloquially known as the "RNC Autopsy"). Progress on this venture has been decidedly mixed , at best.
Elsewhere, however, key GOP figures were contemplating a short-term solution, focused on the 2014 midterms. Chief among them was former Bush adviser and Fox News contributor Karl Rove. His vision: the Conservative Victory Project . Its goal: No more Todd Akins! Rove attributed key GOP losses to the fact that too many undisciplined candidates were making it through party primaries and into general elections against Democratic candidates that more seasoned, established GOP candidates could beat.
In an interesting coincidence of timing, Rove's project launched around the same time that Iowa's Democratic senator, Tom Harkin, announced he would be retiring. Subsequently, one of the first people to end up in the crosshairs of Rove's new organization was U.S. Rep. Steve King of Iowa. As The New York Times reported at the time :
Representative Steve King, a six-term Iowa Republican, could be among the earliest targets of the Conservative Victory Project. He said he had not decided whether he would run for the Senate, but the leaders of the project in Washington are not waiting to try to steer him away from the race.
The group’s plans, which were outlined for the first time last week in an interview with [American Crossroads president Steven J.] Law, call for hard-edge campaign tactics, including television advertising, against candidates whom party leaders see as unelectable and a drag on the efforts to win the Senate. Mr. Law cited Iowa as an example and said Republicans could no longer be squeamish about intervening in primary fights.
“We’re concerned about Steve King’s Todd Akin problem,” Mr. Law said. “This is an example of candidate discipline and how it would play in a general election. All of the things he’s said are going to be hung around his neck.”
Iowa ended up with Iowa state Sen. Joni Ernst as their standardbearer in that Senate race, and while she's pushed the envelope in the wrong direction at times, she's more or less proved to be a manageable candidate. (Though it arguably helped Ernst that the media, by and large, chose to give her multiple passes.) Over in Colorado, Rove got the sort of candidate he prefers in U.S. Rep. Cory Gardner -- again, a manageable alternative to Ken Buck . Throughout the primary season, Republicans avoided elevating the types of candidates -- your Todd Akins, Sharron Angles, and Richard Mourdocks -- that had previously sunk ambitions.
Tuesday, in the critical Colorado and Iowa races, Gardner and Ernst both prevailed, beating established Democratic candidates thought to have superior ground operations. The GOP may still need to revisit that "RNC autopsy." But in the short term, what Karl Rove wanted to get, he got.
-- Jason Linkins

Sarosh Zaiwalla: The international arbitrato...Mikhail Khodorkovsky
(Today, Sarosh says, Zaiwalla…)
At stake is $50 billion and the reputation of a government, and it could now rest on, among other people, a Parsi lawyer who was born and raised in Mumbai but who practises in the United Kingdom. The case goes back to 2003, when the Russian government arrested and later convicted Mikhail Khodorkovsky, owner of oil company Yukos, for tax fraud. Russia placed a Yukos subsidiary under the control of state oil major Rosneft, and Yukos went bankrupt. Its shareholders filed a case in an international tribunal, which ruled in July that Russia must pay $50 billion to Yukos.
It's the highest-ever amount awarded by the Permanent Court of Arbitration at The Hague. It could see assets of Russia and Rosneft being seized. In order to prevent such an eventuality, Rosneft has empanelled Zaiwalla and Co Solicitors, a London-based law firm that has a penchant for taking on cases others don't want to touch and whose speciality is international commercial arbitration and litigation. Declining to confirm this appointment, Sarosh Zaiwalla, who founded the firm in 1982, told ET, on phone from London: "My driving force is to do justice. I believe the law is for justice."
Today, Sarosh says, Zaiwalla and Co is a legal practice with 18 lawyers and annual revenues of about 4 million pounds (about Rs 40 crore). Sarosh's profile on his firm's website states he has been involved with over 1,000 international litigations and arbitrations in energy, maritime and construction sectors, in various capacities and degrees of responsibility, for companies and governments. He's represented the governments of India, China and Iran. All this has come not without a touch of colour or controversy. Big names — Rajiv Gandhi, Tony Blair and Dalai Lama, among others — come easy in any conversation with the 61-year-old Sarosh. He's been a central figure in messy British Parliament enquiries against two MPs, Keith Vaz and Tony Baldry.
His peers — ET spoke to six lawyers about Sarosh, four based in India and two in the UK — don't want to comment about him on record. "He forges relationships with unlikely people, and knows how to hold on to them. These are not people everyone would befriend," says a London-based lawyer who has sat across the table from Sarosh in some cases, on the condition of anonymity. "But whatever he may do, he is always on the big cases, and has a reputation to claw his way to becoming a significant participant."
Indian Connections
Forcing his way in has been a constant narrative in Sarosh's journey. He studied in Mumbai, first in St Xavier's High School and then in Government Law College, graduating in 1972. The youngest of five brothers (he also has a sister), he followed his father into the legal profession, but he chose to do so in London.
 
Sarosh found internship at a law firm, Stocken & Co. "My friend Bhagwan Hiranandani was at Stocken and Sarosh asked to be introduced to him," recalls Dinsoo Zaiwalla, one of Sarosh's brothers who still runs Zaiwalla and Co in Mumbai. Academically, there was nothing exceptional about Sarosh, Dinsoo adds, but he had a keen interest in politics even in his college years and was general secretary in college.
In 1975, he gave the solicitors' exam in London and interned at Stocken till July 78, when he got his licence. He started a new law firm in partnership with Gagrat and Co. However, a few years later, when he asked to be named partner, he was turned down. So, in 1982, he went solo and formed Zaiwalla & Co, specialising in maritime law.
"The secret of my success is I was never afraid of my Indian-ness," says Sarosh. "All other Indian lawyers that tried to launch firms anglicised the firm's name, if not also their own." Agrees Harish Salve, a lawyer in India's Supreme Court. "Running a nonanglicised firm by himself is an achievement in itself," he says.
Big League
For Sarosh, the breakout moment came when he met VA Seyid Muhammad, the Indian High Commissioner to the UK from 1980 to 1984. Zaiwalla was appointed as solicitor to the Indian government in London. Work came, lots of it. At the time, India was undergoing a famine, and the US was gifting grain under the PL 480 scheme. To avail of it, India had to charter around 300 ships each year. Most of them would have some issue, which would end up in London arbitration courts and Sarosh handling them.
Zaiwalla's induction for Government of India cases brought him to the attention of others of Indian descent seeking representation. Among them was Gopi Hinduja. And the Bachchan brothers, in the Bofors libel case against the Swedish newspaper, Dagens Nyheter. Recalling a case Sarosh fought for his company a few years ago in the International Chamber of Commerce, Deepak Dhawan, executive director of Indian Oil Corporation, says Zaiwalla's charges were lower than an English-bred firm and he was "effective in handling the case for us".

US midterm polls: Obama vows to  get the job done  with Republicansprint
Just a shade chastened by the midterm drubbing President Barack Obama pledged Wednesday to do all he can to work with a Republican congress, but insisted, there were red lines.
He will veto any attempt, for instance, to legislate a recall of his signature healthcare reform. And, he made clear, he will use executive authority to move the ball on immigration.
Mitch McConnell, Republican senator slated to take charge as the senate majority leader, also pledged to work with the president, but warned against precipitate executive action.
That will “poison the well”, he said, further comparing the president’s threat of executive action on immigration reforms to “waving a red flag before a bull”.
Republicans took the senate Tuesday night with seven net wins (they needed only six), and tightened their grip on the House of Representatives adding 13 new seats to their majority.
Addressing a news conference the day after, President Obama took vicarious responsibility for the defeat as someone with the “unique responsibility to try and make this town work”.
But not as the man directly responsible as portrayed  by both Republicans and Democrats, the latter through ill-disguised attack leaks to a major local news outfit.
The president pressed the point about low turnout — two-thirds of registered votes didn’t show up — repeatedly at the news conference to put the outcome in perspective.

Jan Dhan balance tops Rs 5k crore; 7 cr a/cs...Jan Dhan balance tops Rs 5,000 crore mark, nearly 7 crore accounts opened
By Sidhartha, TNN | 6 Nov, 2014, 08.57AM IST
0
Share More
The Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana has so far managed to bring over Rs 5,000 crore into the formal banking system, as close to seven crore account holders have started depositing cash into their bank accounts.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana has so far managed to bring over Rs 5,000 crore into the formal banking system, as close to seven crore account holders have started depositing cash into their bank accounts. A large part of this money was hitherto kept at home, with little or no productive use.
Latest data collated by the finance ministry showed that on November 3, 6.98 crore bank accounts had been opened across the country, with Rs 5,300 crore parked in them. Just a tad under 4 crore RuPay cards had been issued to these account holders, with the remaining expected to get the ATM card over the next few weeks, officials said.
At the current pace, it's a matter of days before bank employees help the government scale the target of opening 7.5 crore bank accounts under the financial inclusion scheme launched on August 29. The government was looking to achieve the target before January 26, 2015, well ahead of the earlier schedule of August 15, 2015. But with the target within reach, the finance ministry is now looking at doubling the target to open 15 crore accounts, said an official.
While banks have been ahead of the curve in opening bank accounts, the run rate for deposit accumulation has started picking up now. At current levels, each Jan Dhan account has a balance of around Rs 750. Initially, the average balance in each account was around Rs 500.
Historically financial inclusion accounts have been low value accounts for public sector banks with balances of less than Rs 1,000. For banks, experts said, the challenge is to ensure that the accounts remain active and account holders keep depositing funds as low account balance have in the past deterred bankers from pushing financial inclusion.
This time, however, the government is hoping that cash transfer into the accounts will ensure that transactions take place and sufficient balance is maintained. With the finance ministry also proposing overdraft facility based on the financial history of an account holders, there is an added attraction to maintain a healthy balance.
A recent report by Boston Consulting Group, Ficci and the Indian Banks' Association had pointed out that among the 16 crore no-frills accounts opened before Jan Dhan's launch, only a quarter had a single transaction last year. Similarly, a quarter actually had a balance. "In effect, five years of effort has led to about 20% addition to active savings bank accounts in the nation," said the report, released in September.
Chandra Shekhar Ghosh, CMD of micro finance institution Bandhan Financial Services , which recently got RBI permission to set up a bank network, told TOI on Tuesday that the challenge for banks is to deliver services at the doorstep. "The Jan Dhan Yojana is a very good initiative to open the accounts but how banks design the products and services and bring it to the doorstep that is the issue. You need to inculcate the habit of banking with those customers," he said.

Sheila says Sajjan  Tytler deserve a second chanceSheila says Sajjan, Tytler deserve a second chance
Atul Mathur , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 06, 2014
First Published: 08:44 IST(6/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:37 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Congress leaders Jagdish Tytler and Sajjan Kumar deserve a second chance, former Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit told HT on Wednesday.
She said Sikhs in Delhi have supported the Congress despite the leaders being accused of involvement in the 1984 riots, which left over 3,000 of the community dead.
“They did not get tickets in the last two elections,” she said. Asked if they should get tickets this time round, she replied, “Yes.”
“We won the 1998 polls and two more elections after that and Sikhs supported us whole-heartedly. The opposition parties raise the issue of the 1984 riots whenever elections are going to happen in Delhi. I smell a conspiracy,” Dikshit, who was Delhi CM for a record three terms, said.

4 killed in train blast in Egypt4 killed in train blast in Egypt
PTI
Tweet
Cairo, Nov 6:  
At least four policemen have been killed and 10 others injured in a bomb blast in a train in Egypt, a media report said today.
The death toll rose to four after two people died of injuries.
The bomb went off yesterday inside the last bogey of a Cairo-bound train at Menouf station, a city in the Nile Delta, the Egyptian TV reported.
It was planted by unknown terrorists, it said.
The explosion took place after a policeman detected a suspected item in the bogey. He soon called his fellow security personnel who formed a cordon and evacuated the passengers from the train.
The bomb exploded immediately killing him and one of his colleagues and injuring the rest, Menoufeya Governor Ahmed Sherin Fawzy was quoted by the Egyptian TV as saying.
Bomb disposal team and security forces rushed to the spot for investigations.
Official statement about the number of deaths was awaited.
In a separate incident, unknown militants had attacked a police checkpoint in Al-Alamen road in North Coast area yesterday injuring three conscripts.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Maharashtra: Shiv Sena wants some ministerial berths before Sunday  BJP won t relentComments
Trouble seems to be brewing between the Shiv Sena and the BJP again, with the former saying it will not be part of the state government unless a few of its ministers are sworn in before Sunday.
“If Uddhavji was graceful enough to attend the swearing-in ceremony, then the BJP needs to take a step ahead too,” said a senior Sena leader. The party has decided to hold a meeting at the Thackeray residence on Sunday evening, to take a final decision.
However, chief minister Devendra Fadnavis reiterated on Wednesday that the cabinet would be expanded only after the trust vote next week. This means no Sena legislator will be sworn in before the end of the special Assembly session on November 12.
Although Fadnavis did not specify when the expansion would take place, he clarified that no state-level BJP leaders were discussing power-sharing with the Sena. “Leaders in New Delhi are negotiating with them,” he said.
But, Sena MP Anil Desai dismissed Fadnavis’ claims. “I am here in Mumbai, but no one has spoken to me so far,” he told HT.
The Sena has demanded onethird of ministerial berths, along with the deputy chief minister’s post.
If the Sena decides to join the government, its 63 MLAs will add to the ruling party’s 121, to form a majority government. But the BJP also has the Nationalist Congress Party’s offer, to extend outside support to it, which is yet to decide on.
Meanwhile, an editorial in the Sena mouthpiece Saamana took potshots at Fadnavis over the Vidarbha issue, stating that the CM should concentrate on developing the region, instead of giving it statehood. “The BJP won hands down in Vidarbha. But, the party should not think the mandate was given to divide Maharashtra. Separating Vidarbha from Maharashtra is like separating a child from its mother,” the editorial said.
“On his first visit to Nagpur after becoming the CM, Fadnavis said Vidarbha will be carved out at the right time. Instead, he should have spoken about its development. He should have spoken about empowering security agencies in Naxal-hit areas such as Gadchiroli and Chandrapur,” the editorial said.

ICICI Bank organises Coin Exchange Mela at Zaveri Bazaar branchICICI Bank organises Coin Exchange Mela at Zaveri Bazaar branch
Obama vows to  get the job done  with RepublicansObama vows to  get the job done  with Republicans
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares slip as China concerns trump US optimismGLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares slip as China concerns trump US optimism
BJP replaces Latehar candidate for links with banned left-wing extremistgroupPrint
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi | Posted: November 6, 2014 10:38 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 10:39 am
The BJP on Wednesday replaced Narayan Bhokta as its Latehar candidate after the banned left-wing extremist organisation Tritiya Sammelan Prastuti Committee (TSPC) informed the party of his links with it. Former MP Braj Mohan Ram will now contest from the seat. He filed his papers on Wednesday, the last date for submission.
Sources in the TSPC told this newspaper that Narayan Bhokta was once the deputy zonal commander of Latehar. He was removed from the party after allegations of mismanagement relating to collection of levy cropped up.
A spokesperson for the BJP said that Bhokta was replaced after the party came to know of certain criminal cases against him. “He has an outstanding warrant against him. We talked to our lawyers and found out that he could be arrested soon. He had hidden the details of his case in his application for candidature,” said Pradeep Sinha of the BJP.
TSPC sources say the BJP was unaware of Bhokta’s past till one of its leaders reached out to the party. Apparently, the TSPC is unhappy that Ganesh Ganjhu, the elder brother of its supremo Brajesh Ganjhu, was denied a ticket.
Ganesh Ganjhu denied that he had informed the BJP. “Someone must have shown the chargesheet against Bhokta to the party. After all, we all know he has cases against him. I, on the other hand, have no case against my name,” he said.
Ganjhu, who defected from the JMM and joined the BJP ahead of the Lok Sabha elections, recently left the party. “I was promised the Simaria assembly seat ahead of the Lok Sabha elections. I was taken to Delhi. I even came first in the internal elections of the party. Then, they gave it to someone else,” he said. He resigned and has since joined Babulal Marandi’s JVM(P). Mamta Devi, the wife of TSPC’s Zonal Commander Laxman Ganjhu and Chatra’s zila parishad president, is also a member of the JVM(P).

Samsung second-largest consumer company in I...Samsung overtakes ITC to become second-largest consumer-facing products company
Writankar Mukherjee & Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 07.00AM IST
(ITC’s total income for…)
MUMBAI | KOLKATA: Samsung has overtaken ITC to become India's second-largest consumer-facing products company by revenues, and now looks set to better Maruti this fiscal to take the top slot. The South Korean consumer electronics and smartphone maker reported revenues of Rs40,392 crore from its India operations for 2013-14, 45% higher than the previous year, according to latest filings with the Registrar of Companies. As per industry estimates, around half of Samsung India's revenues came from 'made in India' products.
Tobacco-to-FMCG conglomerate ITC's total income for last fiscal stood at Rs 34,345.74 crore while carmaker Maruti Suzuki had reported revenues of Rs 44,523.53 crore. Samsung India management is confident about overtaking Maruti Suzuki in sales this fiscal, with its sales, driven by mobile phones, continuing to grow in double digits even as the car market is struggling, industry insiders said. "A couple of months of poor sales will not have any immediate impact on Samsung and the company is confident to become the country's largest consumer-facing firm and MNC this fiscal, more so since the automobile sector is still grappling with poor sales," said one of the top trade partners of Samsung India.
RC Bhargava, chairman at Maruti Suzuki, recently told Reuters that the carmaker's growth this fiscal will average out at about 10% due to poor sales. Samsung, too, faced slower offtake of smartphones in the April-August period, but sales picked up from September and grew in double digits in the just-concluded festive season, two top trade partners of the company told ET. Samsung India declined to comment on the company's financials.
Interestingly, while Samsung has topped ITC in terms of revenue, it's nowhere near the Indian firm in profitability. Samsung India's net profit grew 54% last fiscal at Rs 2,636.8 crore while ITC reported net profit of Rs8,785.2 crore for the same period. Hindustan Unilever — which Samsung overtook in revenues in 2012-13 — and Maruti Suzuki, too, reported higher net profits than Samsung last fiscal at Rs3,867.5 crore and Rs2,783 crore, respectively.
Mobile handsets remain a low-margin business in India due to cut-throat price war led by competitors such as Motorola, Xiaomi and Micromax who have launched high-performance smartphones in the sub-Rs 0,000 price segment. The smartphone business has been a game changer for Samsung India, helping the company grow sales upwards of 40% a year in last two fiscals. A Samsung India spokesman said the company is committed to India and will continue to focus on product and service innovation with more than 180 million consumers in the country. As per estimates, the mobility business, comprising mobile phones and tablets, accounts for almost 70% of its revenue. Every third smartphone sold in the country is a Samsung, according to latest data from GfK. The brand also accounts for one-fourth of overall handset sales in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bharti Airtel calls off Rs 700-cr deal with Loop MobileSave precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The country's No. 1 telecom carrier Bharti Airtel has scrapped its Rs 700 crore-deal to buy the subscribers and assets of Loop Mobile over delay in government approval, bringing the curtains down on what would have been India's first M&A in the sector since 2008.
Airtel's proposed deal with Mumbai-based Loop had been awaiting clearance for over eight months. The scrapping of the pact will affect some 120,000 subscribers of Loop as the operator's licence is set to expire this month.
"Loop had late last evening sent us an email noting that DoT (department of telecommunication) approvals had yet not been received and had also noted that it was way beyond the time envisaged for securing such an approval," Bharti Airtel said in a statement to the stock exchanges late on Wednesday.
"In light of this update, and the fact that Loop's mobile licence is set to expire at the end of the month, we have decided to terminate the discussions with regard to the transaction for acquiring the subscribers of Loop," the company added.
Shares in Airtel, which could have overtaken Vodafone to lead the lucrative Mumbai by user base if the deal had gone through speedily, ended the day down 2.7% at Rs 385 a piece on the news.
Surya Mahadevan, chief operating officer of Loop, said Bharti Airtel's decision will cause a huge loss to the company, which won't be able to migrate its subscribers to Airtel as originally planned. Loop, owned by the Khaitan family, had hoped to repay its creditors with part of the deal proceeds.
All customers of 20-year-old Loop must port out of the network by November 29, when operations must be terminated, he added. The closure of business also means curtains to a job for Loop's 10 senior management staff and some 190 employees. Mahadevan said movement of the employees was never on the cards. Moreover, no termination settlement is on the cards as of now, he added.
At the time the deal was signed, Loop had about 750 employees, and negotiations were on to include some staff transfer to Airtel. The technology, network maintenance and relationship teams were particularly hopeful of getting transfer packages, said a senior staffer. Yet, since the deal was signed, the fear was that most would be left without jobs, which led to a mass exodus from the company earlier this year.
Loop had, on March 10, sought deal clearance from DoT to sell its subscribers -three million at that time - and its network assets via a slump sale. The transaction, however, fell foul with the sector regulator and, subsequently, the DoT, which raised concerns that it would flout mobile number portability (MNP) rules and cause a revenue loss to the government as the users wouldn't be paying the stipulated Rs19 fee to change operators, as stipulated under MNP. DoT also says Loop owes it some Rs800 crore, a matter which is in the courts.
Loop wrote to DoT in mid-October, by when its subscriber base had dwindled to about 1,200,000—seeking speedy clearance of the deal and offered to limit the agreement to just a transfer of its subscribers, as there wasn't enough time for it to transfer it network equipment before the November 29 deadline. It also agreed to pay the porting charges for customers who wanted to move to another operator, including Airtel.
To this day, the deal is still awaiting clearance, and its failure reflects poorly for the telecom sector that begs consolidation, experts said.
"Its failure is yet another sign that telcos will have to survive or die based on promoters' will to invest," said a company official.
Arpita Agrawal, telecom leader at PwC India, said that post MNP, the government should set out clear rules on how customers, who form one of the key components of M&A should move from one company to another. "This post-MNP clarity is critical for future deals to happen in India," she said.
Speaking at the India Economic Summit on Wednesday, Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said he had set up a panel to revisit policies, including whether there is a need to re-look at the mergers and acquisition guidelines.
That's, however, in the medium term, at the earliest. For now, it's a grim future for Loop.
"It was too late for Bharti to get value from this deal at this time," said a person close to the dealings between the companies. Banks have lost Rs 700 crore because of Trai and DoT. It was a golden opportunity for DoT to create proper exit procedures for telcos in India," this person said.
Loop will now begin a winding up process, during which banks will sell off assets that were mortgaged to recover debt. For one, Axis Bank had told the telecom department that non-clearance of the deal could result in the lender's Rs 215-crore outstanding to Loop turning non-performing. IDBI Bank and IDFC also had a combined exposure of Rs 150 crore.
An official date for the legal process to begin has not been decided yet. "We don't have full visibility of what will happen to the assets of the company," Loop's Mahadevan said.
For Sandip Basu, chief executive of Loop, who was brought in by the company's promoters for his proficiency in striking takeover deals, the final salvage with Airtel was "redemption of sorts", said a person close to the development. In an interview shortly after the deal, Basu had termed himself a "professional entrepreneur", stating that Loop still had a future, given its promoters were retaining the brand.
Basu could not be reached for comment.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Monkeygate to Multan and partnership with Anjali: Sachin says it his wayMonkeygate to Multan and partnership with Anjali: Sachin says it his way
RIL  ONGC among top 30 transparent companiesHi Guest
RIL, ONGC among top 30 transparent companies
Image: RIL chairman Mukesh Ambani. Photograph: Reuters  Among the 124 global companies evaluated on various aspects of transparency, two Indian firms, Reliance Industries and Oil & Natural Gas Corporation, were in the top 30 positions.Transparency International, a non-profit organisation fighting against corruption and malpractices, gave Reliance Industries and ONGC ninth and 26th positions, respectively, in its latest report Transparency in Corporate Reporting. The report was released on ...

Will Manohar Parrikar be India s next Defence MinisterWill Manohar Parrikar be India s next Defence Minister
India s Infosys to hire 2 100 people in U.S.India s Infosys to hire 2 100 people in U.S.
Beijing rolls out the red carpet for APECNovember 3, 2014 2:59 am
China rolls out the red carpet for Apec
Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bc5b7810-6302-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Do you support Arun Jaitleys reasons for not disclosing names in the black money listdo you support arun jaitleys reasons for not disclosing names in the black money list
Previous Poll | Are valuations in the Indian e-commerce space in bubble territory nowprevious poll | are valuations in the indian e-commerce space in bubble territory now
Facebook Conducted Another Secret Experiment On Usersreddit
Mark Zuckerberg, chief executive officer and founder of Facebook Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images
Facebook quietly tweaked the news feeds of 1.9 million users before the 2012 election so they would see more "hard news" shared by friends.
That change may have boosted voter turnout by as much as 3 percent, according to a little-known study first disclosed Friday by Mother Jones .
For the study, news articles that Facebook users' friends had posted appeared higher in their feeds -- the stream of status updates, photos and articles that show up when you first sign on to the site. The researchers wanted to see whether increasing your exposure to news stories shared by friends before an election would convince you to vote.
Facebook said the news stories being shared were general in nature and not political. They came from a list of 100 top media outlets from the New York Times to Fox News, according to the Mother Jones story written by Micah Sifry, a democracy activist.
Facebook shared the results with some academics, but said it did not publicly disclose the experiment until Mother Jones revealed its existence because the researchers are planning to publish an academic paper based on their findings.
A Facebook spokesman told HuffPost that the company in 2012 had tested users' news feeds "to see how some users engaged when general news stories shared by their friends were given slightly higher rankings." The company then conducted a voluntary online survey to see if their experience "made them more likely to engage in civic affairs," he said.
“Voting is a core value of democracy and we believe that encouraging civic participation is an important contribution we can make to the community," a Facebook spokesman said.
Over the weekend, some Twitter users expressed concern that Facebook had conducted another experiment on its users without telling them. One Twitter user called for more “disclosure and transparency.”
Facebook often allows data scientists to conduct studies on its users on various topics, like a recent Valentine's Day study that analyzed whether a romantic relationship between two people on the social network would last. But the idea that Facebook has been manipulating what users see on the site has sparked controversy.
The revelation of the voter experiment comes four months after the social network was criticized for conducting a separate psychological experiment on about 700,000 users. In that experiment, which also took place in 2012, Facebook tweaked many users' feeds to omit positive or negative words, then tried to measure their emotional response -- also without their knowledge.
Facebook’s voter turnout experiments have not been limited to tweaking the appearance of articles shared by friends. Since 2008, Facebook has also tried to encourage people to vote by showing a clickable button in feeds that says “I’m Voting” or “I’m a Voter.”
In a study during the 2010 elections, researchers displayed that button at the top of 61 million users’ feeds, as well as a counter showing how many other Facebook users had reported voting, and random profile pictures of the user’s Facebook friends who had clicked on the button.
The researchers found the buttons increased turnout by 340,000 additional votes, according to their paper , which was published in the September 2012 issue of Nature.
The voting buttons on Facebook “directly influenced political self-expression, information seeking and real-world voting behavior of millions of people," the researchers said.
More:

Worlds first dengue vaccine likely by 2015: Sanofivaccines
The company said the vaccine gives a 95.5% protection against severe dengue and an 80.3% reduction in the risk of hospitalisation.
As India deals with increasing number of dengue cases, pharma major Sanofi on Tuesday said the world’s first vaccine against the mosquito-borne viral disease may be available by the second half of 2015.
Sanofi Pasteur, the French drugmaker’s vaccine unit, will file for registration of its vaccine candidate and subject to regulatory approval the world’s first dengue vaccine could be available by the second half of 2015, the company said in a statement.
Results of the last stage of the clinical study showed that the vaccine gives a 95.5 per cent protection against severe dengue and an 80.3 per cent reduction in the risk of hospitalisation, it said.
Dengue has been a serious challenge to public health as it affects lakhs of people annually in India, Sanofi said.
The company added that its phase III efficacy clinical study programme for the dengue vaccine candidate was conducted in over 31,000 participants across 10 endemic countries in Asia and Latin America.
“We plan to submit the vaccine for licences in 2015 in endemic countries where dengue is a public health priority,” Sanofi Pasteur president and CEO Olivier Charmeil said.
Sanofi Pasteur India head Stephan Barth said dengue is a serious health concern in India, causing a significant but under-reported burden.
“Over recent months we have seen a worrying increase in cases in many parts of the country, putting a huge strain on healthcare systems. India is part of Sanofi Pasteur’s global development strategy for dengue vaccine.
“Results of CYD 15 are very encouraging and in line with the results of the phase III study results in Asia and the Phase II study results in India,” he said.
Committed to dengue vaccine research for more than 20 years, Sanofi Pasteur aims to make the tropical ailment the next vaccine-preventable disease, Mr. Barth said.

Group: ISIS Tortured Kurdish Children Captured In KobaniISIS Tortured Kurdish Children Captured In Kobani: Group
 | By                                                                RYAN LUCAS
reddit
BEIRUT (AP) — Islamic State militants tortured and abused Kurdish children captured earlier this year near the northern Syrian town of Kobani, beating them with hoses and electric cables, an international rights group said Tuesday.
Human Rights Watch based its conclusions on interviews with several children who were among more than 150 Kurdish boys from Kobani abducted in late May as they were returning home after taking school exams in the city of Aleppo. It said around 50 of the Kurds escaped early in their captivity, while the rest were released in batches — the last coming on Oct. 29.
"Since the beginning of the Syrian uprising, children have suffered the horrors of detention and torture, first by the Assad government and now by ISIS," said Human Rights Watch's Fred Abrahams. "This evidence of torture and abuse of children by ISIS underlines why no one should support their criminal enterprise."
Four of the children who were released told the New York-based rights group that they were held by the extremists in the northern Syrian town of Manbij. They described frequent abuse at the hands of the militants, who used a hose and electric cable to administer beatings.
The boys, ages 14 to 16, said that some of the worst abuse was reserved for captives who had family members in the Kurdish militia known as the YPG, which has been locked in heavy fighting with Islamic State militants for control of Kobani since mid-September.
The children said the Islamic State group did not say why they were being released, other than that they had completed their religious training, the Human Rights Watch report said.
Islamic State militants have taken hundreds of Kurds captive over the past year as part of the group's brutal campaign to take over predominantly Kurdish areas of northern and eastern Syria.
On Tuesday, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the extremists had released dozens of Kurds taken captive in February. It was not immediately clear why the Islamic State group would release the captives now, nor whether a deal had been made with the Kurds for a prisoner exchange.
The fight over Kobani, meanwhile, has raged on, with the Islamic State group pressing its assault despite fierce resistance from the town's Kurdish defenders and heavy U.S.-led airstrikes against the extremists. On Tuesday, clashes focused on the eastern and western sides of the town, the Observatory and an Iraqi Kurdish fighter said.
A militant video posted online Tuesday showed the aftermath of apparent U.S.-led airstrikes, which saw a large plume of black smoke rise over a neighborhood in the town.
Iraqi Kurdish forces known as peshmerga have deployed to Kobani to help bolster their Syrian brethren defending the town. So far, the peshmerga are only playing a support role, using their heavy weapons and mortars to provide cover to YPG militiamen, said the Iraqi fighter, who only gave his first name, Rebwar, because he wasn't authorized to speak to the media.
While much of the world's attention has focused in on the town along the Syria-Turkey border since the Islamic State offensive there began some six weeks ago, France's foreign minister urged the international coalition against the Islamic State to save the embattled city of Aleppo after attending to Kobani.
Aleppo, once Syria's largest city, has been carved into opposition- and government-held areas since mid-2012. In recent months, the rebel-controlled zone has come under increasing threat as it has been squeezed by President Bashar Assad's forces as well as advancing Islamic State militants.
"Abandoning Aleppo would mean condemning 300,000 men, women and children to a terrible fate: either a murderous siege under the regime's bombs or the terrorist barbarity of Daesh," Laurent Fabius wrote in a column published Tuesday in the Washington Post, France's Le Figaro daily as well as the pan-Arab Al-Hayat newspaper. Daesh is the Arabic name for the Islamic State group.
"That is why — together with our coalition partners — we must focus our efforts on Aleppo, with two clear objectives: strengthening our support for the moderate Syrian opposition, and protecting the civilian population from the twin crimes of the regime and Daesh," Fabius added.
French aircraft are taking part in the U.S.-led aerial campaign against the Islamic State militants in Iraq, but Paris opted out of the coalition mission in Syria.
The Islamic State group overran much of northern and western Iraq in June, adding to the large chunk of northern and eastern Syria it already controlled. It has continued its push to try to consolidate its hold on that territory, including around Iraq's largest oil refinery outside the town of Beiji.
Footage Tuesday from Iraqi state television station Al Iraqiya showed Iraqi special forces attacking some Islamic State group positions near Beiji. The soldiers opened fire on a white building used by militants. Thick black smoke could be seen rising from the building. All videos Tuesday corresponded with Associated Press reporting on the incidents.
Besieged Iraqi troops have managed to maintain control of the refinery outside Beiji, some 250 kilometers (155 miles) north of Baghdad, despite numerous attempts by the Islamic State group to capture it.
___
Associated Press writer Sameer N. Yacoub in Baghdad contributed to this report.
Related on HuffPost:

You Will Get Nothing Done Todayreddit
If office productivity takes a tumble around the world today, you can blame the Internet Archive .
The online home of the "Wayback Machine" archive of old websites as well as libraries of books, videos and music has added some 900 classic arcade games that you can play in a web browser . And you don't even need a pocketful of quarters (or slugs ).
If anyone is still reading (and you really shouldn't be -- seriously, just start playing ), the games are part of the larger Javascript Mess Project (JMESS) , an ambitious effort to build browser-based emulators for every computer system that ever existed, including gaming consoles and arcade games.
"(E)arlier this year, I decided to futz around with our build environment (which, it must be absolutely stressed, the other JSMESS team members built, not me), just to ask the question, 'And how hard would it be to build arcade games, anyway?'" Jason Scott, the Internet Arcade Operator, wrote on his blog. " It turned out to be easy. Very, very easy ."
The games are not perfect, with audio hiccups and, in some cases, programs that just plain hiss very loudly while you try to play. The controls aren't always the best either. Playing " Marble Madness " with arrow keys is a little tricky (but that shouldn't stop you from trying anyway). Some of the games are also super slow in full-screen mode in some browsers.
"Of the roughly 900 arcade games (yes, nine hundred arcade games) up there, some are in pretty weird shape -– vector games are an issue, scaling is broken for some, and some have control mechanisms that are just not going to translate to a keyboard or even a joypad," Scott wrote. "But damn if so many are good enough. More than good enough. In the right browser, on a speedy machine, it almost feels perfect."
He also posted some solutions to common problems here , and recommends the latest version of Firefox for maximum performance.
If you're ready to play, load up a game and hit the "5" key to add coins. Pressing "1" or "2" will start either one- or two-player versions of the game.

Mexico Captures Fugitive Mayor  Wife In Missing Students CaseMexico Captures Fugitive Mayor, Wife Accused Of Ordering Students' Disappearance
Reuters
reddit
By Dave Graham
MEXICO CITY, Nov 4 (Reuters) - Mexican police have captured a fugitive former mayor and his wife who the government says were the probable masterminds behind the abduction of 43 student teachers feared massacred in September, officials said on Tuesday.
Police working with a local drug gang in the southwestern city of Iguala abducted the students after clashes there on the night of Sept. 26, sparking a huge manhunt and embarrassment for President Enrique Pena Nieto.
Jose Luis Abarca, who at the time was mayor of Iguala, and his wife, Maria de los Angeles Pineda, were captured in Mexico City, Jose Ramon Salinas, a spokesman for the federal police, said on his Twitter account. A government official said the pair were caught early on Tuesday and were being questioned by prosecutors.
The couple was arrested by federal security forces in a house in the eastern district of Iztapalapa, Mexican media reported, one of the most violent parts of the capital where they had been hiding out for several weeks.
A government official said more details would be released later on Tuesday.
The government is still searching for the students, whose disappearance shocked the country and undermined Pena Nieto's claims that Mexico has become safer on his watch.
The Mexican government said last month that Abarca and his wife had ordered local police to stop a group of about 80 students from disrupting a political event on the night of Sept. 26.
Six people, including three students, died in the ensuing clashes in the violent state of Guerrero. Shortly afterward, the mayor and his wife Pineda went underground. The government says Pineda comes from a family of high-profile drug traffickers.
Investigators said the police handed over the students to a local drug gang, Guerreros Unidos, who many officials suspect of killing the youths.
Despite dozens of arrests and the discovery of the remains of at least 38 bodies buried in the hills near Iguala, it remained unclear what happened to the students, who belonged to a radical leftist all-male college in Guerrero and were studying to be teachers.
According to the testimony of a captured gangster that was made public by the attorney general's office, Pineda was the boss of Guerreros Unidos within the Iguala government. (Editing by Simon Gardner and Jeffrey Benkoe)
More:

WATCH: Megyn Kelly Reacts To SNL Parody Of Herselfreddit
Seeing yourself parodied on "Saturday Night Live" is every bit as surreal as you'd expect.
At least, that's judging by Megyn Kelly's reaction after "SNL" actress Cecily Strong impersonated the Fox TV host in the show's opening segment last week.
Relative to the other characters in the sketch, pseudo-Kelly escaped relatively unscathed. The segment saved its sharpest barbs for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Kaci Hickox , the nurse authorities attempted to quarantine after she returned from treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone.
"Cecily Strong was pretty good!" Kelly said of the skit at the end of her own show on Fox Monday. "Although I think her voice needs to be a little deeper and something else on her should probably be a little smaller."
"My hair stylist says the hair was too big," she added, "but I liked her no-nonsense style and she was tough on both sides. [She] looks a little ragged; I think she had ... a rough night. I'm jealous she got that nurse, who really was a fabulous interview."
WATCH the SNL skit, above, and Kelly's reaction, below:
H/T Mediaite
More:

Swachh PSU banks: DBS offers a model for PM ModiPM Narendra Modi can take lessons from Singapore's DBS Bank model to cleanup PSU banks mess
Sangita Mehta & MC Govardhana Rangan, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 06.59AM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(BS, the Singapore bank 29…)
For those following the state of government-dominated Indian banking for the past few years, it would be hard to believe that one of the bestrun banks in Asia is a government bank — it is, in fact, among the five strongest in the world. DBS, the Singapore bank 29 per cent owned by the government, is an example of how a state lender can have some of the best practices — be it in service, innovation, or governance. The bank, which has Temasek Holdings as the biggest shareholder, may well be the model for the Indian government to clean up the rot in the banking system. There is one difference — DBS, while governmentowned, is not government run.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who borrowed the 'Swachh Bharat' idea from the island nation's first Prime Minister Lee Kwan Yew's 'Keep Singapore Clean' campaign, may do well to follow the DBS example as well since India needs 'swachh' banking for the economic growth that Modi envisions. The board of DBS is fully empowered. So much so that before the selection of its current chief executive officer, Piyush Gupta, an Indian, a search committee was appointed and the board co-ordinated the efforts. Tamasek did not interfere in the process.
The arrest of SK Jain, former chairman of Syndicate Bank, for bribery, and the government's scrapping of the process for appointing bank chairpersons confirmed the rot in public sector banking. But what the government did in its hurry to fill the vacant chairpersons' positions just added another layer to the already lengthy process than make a fresh start — there will now be three screening committees instead of just one earlier for selection of a chairperson for a bank. That is hardly a remedy for a system soaked in inefficiencies, corruption, political interference, and a culture that mostly breeds mediocrity, though there are exceptions. It is not just the selection of chairman, that of the board as well as top management also needs a revamp.
"It is unclear if the boards of most of these banks have the required sense of purpose, in terms of their focus on business strategy and risk management, in being able to provide oversight to steer the banks through their present difficult position," says PJ Nayak, former CEO of Axis Bank, in his review of governance of boards of banks in India. "The boards are disempowered, and the selection process for directors is increasingly compromised. Board governance is consequently weak."
The problem with PSU banks has been that with the government as the largest shareholder, ruling parties have been using them as their ATMs. A look at the PSU banking system shows that the hand of corrupt politicians and crooked middlemen are all over — from the selection of board members to the chairman to executive directors. If half-a-dozen candidates qualify for a position and are called for an interview, each one is interviewed for just about 15 minutes; interviews for kindergarten admissions take longer.
Between the interview and selection comes the Central Vigilance Commission, which has to approve a candidature. To manage this process come the middlemen, and the corporate lobby that manipulates the bureaucracy. The final selection probably compromises merit, though there have been many outstanding officers who have weathered the corrupt system.
"How can a committee judge whether a person is fit based on a 15-minute interview?" asks DK Mittal, former secretary, financial services. "Each candidate should be grilled for a longer period of time. More than four candidates should be interviewed for one post and an external agency should be appointed for mapping and short-listing candidates." Also, there is constant change in the eligibility criteria for the positions of chairman and executive director to bring in pliable candidates or eliminate those who wouldn't dance to the tunes of the powers-that-be. "There is no transparency in the selection process," says Pradeep Ramnath, former chairman and managing director at Corporation Bank. "The goal post keeps changing each year. The appointment committee should immediately disclose the names of candidates selected to avoid middlemen/broker attempting to facilitate appointments."
There is a need for a board that comprises professionals with high integrity and has least interference from finance or other ministries. Secretaries and joint secretaries should not be inducted into the board in the name of guarding government's interests. There will be a conflict between their role as government servants and the need to run a bank as a profit centre. There is also a lot to be desired in the quality of boardlevel debates. "The deliberations are driven from the vantage point of compliance rather than business economics," says the Nayak panel. "There is generally weak evidence of the monitoring of measurable disaggregated business goals in relation to targets."
 

Maddow Calls Out Right For Plotting Obama Impeachmentreddit
Rachel Maddow thinks conservative America might be counting impeachment chickens before they hatch.
During her show Monday , the MSNBC host took a look at two-term U.S. Presidents who served their last two years in office dealing with unified opposition in congress, as Obama could if Republicans take the Senate and hold onto the House in Tuesday's mid-term elections. If the historical trends hold, and the GOP does take over the legislative branch, says Maddow, we should expect another round of conservative activists calling for impeachment.
How does Maddow know this? Because the election isn't over yet, and the calls -- however off-base and out of touch -- have already begun.
WATCH the impeachment excerpt, above, and Maddow's full segment, below:

J&K killings brings AFSPA back to campaign plankArmy
(Police had already rounded…)
SRINAGAR: J&K was on the brink as protesters took the streets on Tuesday despite curfew like restrictions after two civilians were killed and two seriously injured by Army, just weeks before state goes to the polls.
The Army was quick to initiate a probe and police registered a murder case against Army, but the incident is sure to bring the controversial issue of Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) as a political issue in the coming days. Currently, all the parties are focusing on rebuilding flooddevastated Kashmir but now security-related issues could take over.
Police had already rounded up senior separatist leaders and restricted some of them to their homes to halt their anti-poll campaign. Now they will rule the roads even from custody. Kashmir will be on a protest strike on Wednesday on their call.
Soldiers manning three drop gates, which had emerged overnight, on a busy road link to south Kashmir, opened fire on a car near Chattergam. Instead of immobilizing the car, that allegedly avoided responding to a halt sign, by bursting its tyres, soldiers targeted four teenagers travelling in it. Later, they drove them to the army hospital: two were declared 'brought dead'; two others are still battling for their lives. Now army says they are stable.
Regretting the killings, Lt Gen Subrata Saha commander of the 15 corps explained the soldiers had laid an ambush following reports that a car and a motorcycle had disappeared. He said a court of inquiry was initiated and the soldiers involved in the incident were shifted out.
Asserting that the incident has "vitiated" the atmosphere in Kashmir already confronted with the post-flood reconstruction challenge, CM Omar Abdullah has already talked to Arun Jaitely and protested over the incident.
The shooting, first major incident involving army and civilians, after the September floods, has the potential of flaring up. Floods had witnessed soldiers roaming around without any guard , perhaps for the first time since 1990. Regardless of the alleged pick-and-choose during rescue, commoners were admitting the army help in September.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jammu & Kashmir Polls 2014: BJP talks to small groups for tie-upCongress
("We haven’t met separatists,…)
NEW DELHI: BJP has denied having met separatists in Jammu and Kashmir in the run up to assembly elections, but sources said that it might be the only group the party has not tapped in the valley for support, even as there are speculations that there would be a post-poll understanding between BJP and PDP.
"We haven't met separatists, we want to give a government in Jammu and Kashmir which can end poverty and backwardness. With this objective, we are meeting and trying to bring to the forefront people who would also be opposed to the National Conference and the People's Democratic Party ," said party general secretary Ram Madhav , in charge of the state. Madhav's statements came in the backdrop of his recent visit to the state and his meeting with Sajjad Lone , who has since made friendly noises on BJP. Madhav admitted to meeting Lone, but not separatists.
Party sources said that BJP, which has virtually no presence in the valley, is trying to reach out to small outfits which want political mainstreaming but are hemmed in by NC and PDP, to hammering out a "broad understanding" with PDP for a postpoll alliance.
There are unconfirmed reports of a meeting between Home Minister Rajnath Singh and PDP leader Mufti Mohammad Sayed last month in Delhi. While no one in BJP confirmed the meeting took place but there was an acknowledgment that BJP was open to a post-poll understanding with PDP.
"Our strategy is to maximise our seats in Jammu and Ladakh, open our score in the Valley," said a source. "With the break of the Congress-NC alliance, there is a chance for smaller groups who would like to contest in the Valley with the support of a national party like BJP," said a source. The party says that they are moving ahead with Mission 44 and that "this election was likely to see BJP as kingmaker."
FEATURED ARTICLES

DIG reviews security arrangements in border districts of JammuDIG reviews security arrangements in border districts of J&K
Nov 4, 2014, 10.10PM IST
JAMMU: A senior police officer today reviewed security arrangements in the border districts of Rajouri and Poonch in view of the upcoming Assembly elections.
The Deputy Inspector General of Police, Rajouri-Poonch range Ashok Kumar Attri reviewed the security arrangements ahead of upcoming Assembly polls, a police spokesman said.
Attri issued directions that all sort of arrangements must be in place for the security forces that would be deputed for poll duty in the districts, the spokesman said.
The DIG also discussed the transport, communication and deployment plans for the upcoming elections in the twin districts.
He has also asked the police headquarters to furnish the required funds at the earliest, the spokesman said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi overwhelms Australia with four-city tour; expanding energy tiesAmit Dasgupta
(Modi leaves for Australia…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Modi has overwhelmed the Australian government with his decision to visit Sydney and Melbourne , apart from his scheduled visits to Brisbane and Canberra for the G20 summit and bilateral meetings, respectively. The Tony Abbott government is now busy finalising the itinerary for Modi's four-city tour.
Modi leaves for Australia on November 14 from Myanmar , after attending the India-East Asia summit and India-ASEAN summit. Canberra, which will host an Indian PM after 28 years, was surprised when Modi suggested that he would not only visit Brisbane and Canberra as scheduled but would expand his tour as part of his efforts to deepen bilateral partnership, official sources said. The trip comes less than three months after Abbott's Delhi visit, when the landmark uranium supply deal was signed. Abott was the first head of government to visit India after Modi took over.
A source said Modi has broken all traditional ideas of foreign policy, making and seeking to broadbase engagement with various countries to boost India's global stature and economy. He had sought suggestions for his Australia trip from citizens in the first instance of foreign policy making with direct involvement of citizens. Modi also sought suggestions from think-tanks.
"Australia for long considered that India has more to offer to Canberra than it can offer to Delhi. This notion is, however, changing with Modi in power," noted Amit Dasgupta , former diplomat who served as India's Consul-General in Sydney.
Sources indicated that expanding energy ties would be big on Modi's agenda during his Australia trip. "It will be not just Uranium. Australia has huge coal reserves that can last for nearly 1,000 years. Besides, it can be a source for natural gas to India. Australia can emerge as a major energy supplier to Delhi," an official said. "Both are right-wing politicians who also want to promote economic diplomacy. There is a natural synergy between the two leaders," the official noted.
His visit will be the first by an Indian premier to Australia since 1986, when Rajiv Gandhi visited the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi govt has taken right path to reform  says WEF s MD Philipp RoslerNarendra Modi government has taken right path to reform, says World Economic Forum's MD Philipp Rosler
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
India Economic summit
(India’s economy grew…)
NEW DELHI: The government's approach to reform can help set the economy on a high-growth trajectory, World Economic Forum managing director Philipp Rosler has said. "There is lot of optimism around the new government. It has a strategic vision, not just from economic point of view but overall society point of view-...They have taken the right approach to reform," Rosler told ET on the eve of the two-day India Economic Summit that begins in Delhi Wednesday. "We now see a new engagement, a new hope, not just inside India but also outside among investors."
Rosler said the forum is receiving queries on its reports on India and it's a sign of the enthusiasm among foreign investors. He said the "standstill" like sentiment about India that prevailed before the elections, has turned around.
India's economy grew at 5.7 per cent in the April-June period, the fastest quarterly growth in over two years, bolstering hopes that the measures announced by the Narendra Modi-led government will auger well for the country.
Although several experts have questioned the lack of so-called big reforms, Rosler said the government has demonstrated that it has a long-term approach to reforms with some very "good reform ideas". Rosler, who has experience in politics, economics and health, said the country's GDP growth forecast has been lifted and this shows that right decisions have been made.
"Reforms are not instant coffee... You cannot achieve everything in one month or one year," he said. "The new government has shown that they have a long term vision and wants to go step by step.
It is much more realistic than promise everything and achieve nothing," said Rosler, a trained medical specialist who has been Federal Minister of Economics and Technology of Germany and also served as vice-chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany.
The Modi government has rolled out some key reforms, including diesel deregulation, allowing private participation in coal mining, liberalising the foreign direct investment regime and changes in labour laws. It has also unveiled initiatives to turn around country's manufacturing sector through its "Make in India" programme. This follows a period of diminishing foreign investor interest because of what was widely termed as policy paralysis under the previous UPA government .
Rosler identified sound fiscal policy, infrastructure reforms including new financing instruments, education and vocational training, raising agricultural productivity, boost to manufacturing, cutting red tape and a fast lane for investors as things the government should pursue. He said focus should be on institution building.
He endorsed Modi's "Make in India" initiative, saying it could boost growth. "Make in India is a good initiative...You can leap frog in manufacturing by use of technology... You just sent a satellite to space and it is a technology that only a few countries have," Rosler said, referring to India's Mars Orbiter mission .
About the response to the summit, Rossler said it continues to remain relevant as the idea is not just to create communities. "We have all stakeholders—business, politicians, academia, social sector. I think it is important to give a vision to them," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Key Gujarat babus from Modi s govt move to CentreKey members from Narendra Modi's government in Gujarat take crucial positions at Centre
DP Bhattacharya, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tags:
Gujarat
(Modi has closely tested…)
AHMEDABAD: Gandhinagar is moving to Lutyens' Delhi — lock, stock and file notings. With Hasmukh Adhia included in a list of 50 senior Indian Administrative Service officers transferred late on Monday, the number of serving bureaucrats who have moved to New Delhi from Gujarat to occupy crucial positions after the Narendra Modi government took charge has reached six. In the space of five months, the prime minister has taken the trusted band of lieutenants he cultivated as chief minister of Gujarat and brought many of its members to the national capital as he embarks on recreating his model at a countrywide level.
Only two members of this inner circle — K Kailashnathan and GC Murmu — haven't shifted to the Capital. Of these two, Kailashnathan has stayed on in the Gujarat chief minister's office as chief principal secretary, a contractual appointment since he's past retirement age. Murmu is now the principal secretary to the chief minister.
To be sure, at least eight senior Gujarat cadre IAS officers were serving at the Centre even before the new government took charge. Quite a few of them will now rotate back to the parent state as their fellow cadre officers come to Delhi.
Adhia was named financial services secretary in the finance ministry. The others that belong to the Modi band include Arvind Sharma and Sanjay Bhavsar in the Prime Minister's Office, Rajesh Kishore in the National Human Rights Commission , HK Dash in the interstate council in the ministry of home affairs and Guruprasad Mohapatra in the ministry of commerce. Add to this the prime minister's additional principal secretary PK Mishra, a retired Gujarat cadre IAS officer who served as principal secretary to Modi when he was chief minister in 2001-04.
Modi has closely tested these officers and has a high level of comfort with them, said a retired bureaucrat who has observed the functioning of the new PMO closely.
"Essentially, Modi had run his government in Gujarat through the bureaucrats and he is not changing his ways in Delhi," this person said. "People who earned his trust in terms of delivery are the ones who are now being picked up for Delhi as he, in more ways than one, is trying to replicate the Gujarat model at the Centre."
In fact, politicians often used to grumble that bureaucrats wielded more power than ministers with the ultimate fountainhead being the chief minister's office, where the all-powerful Kailashnathan reigned over his colleagues as the primary interface between Modi and the rest of the administration.
There was initial speculation that Kailashnathan would follow Modi to Delhi but the IAS officer, recalled from retirement after an extension, was appointed to the post in the Anandiben Patel CMO.
As for the other bureaucrats who were seen to be close to Modi, DJ Pandian — the man behind the Vibrant Gujarat investor summit — was elevated as state chief secretary last week while Bharat Lal, a career Indian Forest Service officer and a long-time Modi confidante in New Delhi, continues to head Gujarat Bhavan in the national capital. Another officer, Vijay Nehra, who was part of Modi's CMO, was shunted out as Rajkot municipal commissioner when Patel took over as chief minister.
Gujarat cadre IAS officers working at the Centre before Modi came to power include Rajiv Topno, Rita Teotia, Sunaina Tomar and Vijaylakshmi Joshi. A Gujarat government official told ET that while a number of officials are being transferred to Delhi, quite a few currently on central deputation will return to their parent cadre.
"Moreover, about 20 people from the state administrative services are likely to be promoted to the IAS cadre in a couple of months' time and that should take care of the shortfall," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Retiring babus may be told to write 1 000-word essay on achievementsYou are here: Home > Collections > Ministry
Retiring central government bureaucrats may be told to write 1,000-word essay on achievements
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
economy
(All retiring central government…)
NEW DELHI: All retiring central government bureaucrats will soon be able to leave behind a 1,000-word note on their significant achievements during service that can be put up online so that serving officers can draw inspiration and build on those ideas.
The ministry of personnel, which reports to the prime minister , has circulated a concept paper to all ministries, proposing to create a platform for retiring employees to volunteer to showcase "commendable work" done during service.
"While the retiring employees can look back with satisfaction and a sense of fulfilment, this would also create a database of useful suggestions and information... It will also act as a motivator for serving employees," the concept paper says, asking the ministries to give their comments by November 30.
The ministry has, however, specified that comments which are religious or political or against national interest must not be included in the note. It has also specified that commendable work will include "any work that has contributed to the efficiency, economy and effectiveness in government functioning, any innovation which led to improved work culture or manuals or publications related to work created by the retiring employee".
The bureaucrats will be required to submit a write-up of not more than 1,000 words six months before their retirement when they apply for pension. "Since most successful ventures would have contributions of the entire team, retiring persons must ensure that names of other members of the team are indicated in the write-ups," the ministry has said in the concept paper.
According to the ministry, initially an online facility will be provided only to retiring employees for submitting the note. "The exercise would be completed at least one month before retirement and the result uploaded on the departmental website. The website will clearly indicate that the contents and suggestions are as provided by the retiring employee," the concept paper says.
The retiring babus will also be asked to mention if they would be willing to volunteer for social work post-retirement. "This would be a wonderful opportunity to garner the resource of retiring employees for voluntary contribution to nation building post-retirement," the paper says.
The ministry has also implemented a programme to provide counselling to employees who are about to retire as the government intends to utilise the services of these officials for useful interventions in society like evaluation of development schemes being implemented across India. As per a government estimate, there are about 40,000 fresh retirees every year from central government civil establishments alone, while the number could be over a lakh if personnel from defence, railways, posts and telecom were to be included. There is already a pool of 50 lakh existing pensioners.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Credit transfer scheme in schools and colleges soonCredit transfer scheme in schools and colleges soon
Navadha Pandey
HRD Minister, Smriti Irani.
New Delhi, Nov 5:  
To make learning more holistic, a credit transfer scheme would be introduced in the education system soon, HRD Minister Smriti Irani said on Wednesday.
"On November 11, we will celebrate education day and launch a credit equivalence programme from Class 9 onwards till post graduation," she said.
The Minister was speaking at a session on skills and employability at the India Economic Summit organised in partnership with the World Economic Forum and the Confederation of Indian Industry.
The scheme would be extended for PhD candidates in January and would make oscillating between workforce and formal learning more fluid, she said.
Irani added that the Ministry is working towards setting up placement cells at all central varsities in the country.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Narayan Rane shows up  but still cant figure out why he lostNarayan Rane and Nitesh Rane
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 5, 2014 11:18 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 1:54 pm
Senior Congress leader Narayan Rane Tuesday called Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis an honest man but said he lacked administrative acumen and would not to able to do much due to the power wielded by those in Delhi.
“Like us, they too are controlled by Delhi now. Tomorrow, if the industries minister Prakash Mehta is told he should allow Gujarat to take advantage of an investment opportunity from Germany or Japan that has come Maharashtra’s way, he will play along,” Rane said, alluding to Mehta’s Gujarati roots.
Rane said Fadnavis’s minority government was fated to fail. As a case in point, he spoke about Fadnavis’s turnabout on the issue of abolishing road toll tax in Maharashtra. The Congress leader also attacked Fadnavis for continuing to support claims for a separate statehood for Vidarbha despite being the chief minister of Maharashtra.
This was the first media interaction by Rane, Congress’s chief election campaign manager, after he was defeated from his constituency of 24 years in Sindhudurg in the recent Assembly polls. On his defeat, Rane said that despite working for the development of Konkan, he failed to understand why he was voted out.
“May be I work a bit too much,” he said. Without taking names, Rane said Congress leaders had conceded defeat even before the election campaign took off. He said he would submit a detailed report to the party’s central leadership outlining reasons for the party’s poor show.
Rane, who had announced that he would never contest Assembly polls again, did not rule out being part of the legislative council or Parliament. Lashing out at Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, who in the run-up to the polls termed the BJP as the Afzal Khan’s army, Rane said, “The Sena cannot talk about its dignity anymore as they are willing to support Afzal Khan’s army.” Rane also hinted at a pre-poll understanding between the NCP and BJP.

SKS Microfinances now the toast of smart investorsSKS Microfinance’s now the toast of smart investors
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 10.36AM IST
Tags:
Care
(The reasons, according…)
MUMBAI: Why are some of the smartest investors on Dalal Street like Prof Shivanand Mankekar and Amal Parekh along with a few FIIs, buying shares of Hyderabad-based SKS Microfinance, a stock that many, till a year ago, considered untouchable? There may not be any big surprise or an M&A story that is brewing in SKS.
The reasons, according to analysts, could be more mundane but long lasting: good financial performance over the past few quarters, strong loan portfolio, efficient fund-raising, declining funding cost, thanks to rating upgrade, consolidation, absence of turmoil within the senior management and a greater clarity on microfinance regulations.
"There is diversification of funding and lower cost... over the next three years, we expect sustainable competitive advantage and lower political risk," said Santosh Singh, head of research, Espirito Santo.
Veteran investor Prof Sivanand Mankekar has bought 13 lakh shares or just over a per cent stake in the company during the quarter ended September 2014. Another leading investor Amal Parekh bought 6.80 lakh shares of the company through his firm OHM Enterprises on Monday. Goldman Sachs Investment (Mauritius) and Macquarie Emerging Markets also acquired 9.3 lakh and 6.4 lakh shares, respectively, through bulk deals on NSE on Monday.
After posting successive losses of Rs 297 crore in FY12-13 and Rs 1,361 crore FY11-12, SKS reported a profit of Rs 70 crore for the year ended March 31, 2014. In May, SKS had raised Rs 400 crore through a sale of shares to institutional investors at a floor price of Rs 235.
In June, credit rating agency CARE had upgraded the company's bank borrowings to A1+ from A1 for short-term facilities and to A+ from A for longterm facilities for a sum of Rs 2,000 crore.
The stock had taken a major beating since its listing on August 16, 2010 at a price of over Rs 1,036 a share. In Andhra Pradesh (where a bulk of its borrowers were located), SKS had to grapple with policy clampdown following a spate of suicides by small borrowers amid allegations of strong-arm recovery tactics adopted by microfinance institutions.
The stock had declined 95 per cent from its listing price to its lowest level of Rs 54.40 on May 31, 2012.
"In response to the AP crisis, RBI developed a regulatory framework for MFIs which, though it capped spreads, has reduced inherent business risks and, thus, improved perception of the industry amongst lenders and other stakeholders," said Rajiv Mehta, banking & finance analyst, IIFL.
"Having emerged resiliently from the AP crisis and now armed with a diversified regional presence, sizeable scale and robust capitalisation, SKS is favourably placed than peers to deliver robust asset growth in coming years."
SKS Microfinance stock has risen about 8 per cent during the July-September quarter against a gain of 4.8 per cent in Sensex and is currently trading at Rs 351.25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The good  bad and bizarre: Some US election candidatesThe good, bad and bizarre: Some US election candidates
By AFP | 5 Nov, 2014, 11.40AM IST
0
Share More
Barber, who was an aide to Giffords and injured when a gunman opened fire on her, was looking like he would retain his House seat.
ET SPECIAL:
WASHINGTON: From a failed American idol contestant to an ex-convict, everyone seemed to get in on the act in Tuesday's midterm US congressional elections.
Here are some of the quirkiest or most noteworthy of the Senate and House races:
Arizona: Democrat Ron Barber , who was an aide to former representative Gabby Giffords and injured when a gunman opened fire on her in 2011, was looking like he would retain his House seat.
Iowa: Republican Joni Ernst made headlines during her campaign to replace retiring Democrat Tom Harkin with a video insisting she has castrated hogs so she knows how to cut pork in Washington. It worked. She won, bringing home the bacon.
Georgia: Democrat Jason Carter, the grandson of former president Jimmy Carter, lost his bid to become governor of Georgia. He was soundly defeated by Republican Nathan Deal, who took 53 per cent of the vote.
Louisiana: Long-term state governor Edwin Edwards , 85, who served eight years in jail on racketeering charges, is making a stunning comeback in a bid to be elected to the House of Representatives. He came first in Tuesday's vote with some 30 per cent, enough to force a run-off for the seat in December.
New Hampshire: Former Republican Massachusetts senator Scott Brown who moved states to make a fresh bid for Senate made a special kind of history, becoming the first man to be defeated by two different women. He lost in Massachusetts to rising Democratic star Elizabeth Warren in 2013. And he lost again Tuesday in New Hampshire as Democrat Jeanne Shaheen held onto her seat.
New Hampshire: Tea Party Republican Frank Guinta and Democrat Carol Shea-Porter are old adversaries. Guinta defeated her in 2010, before she wrested back a district House seat in 2012. On Tuesday night it was sweet revenge for Guinta, who narrowly won the seat back.
New York: Incumbent Republican Mike Grimm, who threatened to throw a reporter off a balcony for asking about his legal woes, including 20 charges of tax evasion, still managed to hang onto his House seat, winning 55 per cent.
New York: In a different district, a 30-year-old upstate New York Republican, Elise Stefanik, made history by becoming the youngest woman elected to US Congress. She was an aide to former president George W. Bush.
North Carolina: Always the bridesmaid ... former "American Idol" hopeful Clay Aiken lost out again, after coming in second on the US television contest in 2003. Running as a Democratic candidate, the singer-songwriter was defeated by Republican Renee Ellmers who successfully defended her House seat.
South Carolina: Republican Tim Scott became the first African-American elected to the US Senate from the South since the Civil War era.
Texas: Another George Bush -- grandson and nephew of two former presidents bearing the same name -- won election in the lone star state of Texas. George Prescott Bush, son of former Florida governor, Jeb Bush, signalled the family dynasty is here to stay, when he was elected to an obscure office. The land commissioner oversees lucrative mineral rights for oil and gas.

Investors eye opportunities as Republicans take US SenateInvestors eye opportunities as Republicans take US Senate
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 10.58AM IST
Republican Senate candidates picked up formerly Democratic seats in Iowa, North Carolina, Montana, Colorado, West Virginia, South Dakota and Arkansas.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The Republican takeover of the US Senate on Tuesday could lead to new legislative measures that directly effect the energy sector and other slices of the equities market.
Republican Senate candidates picked up formerly Democratic seats in Iowa, North Carolina, Montana, Colorado, West Virginia, South Dakota and Arkansas, more than the six gains needed for a majority in that chamber.
With Republican control of both houses of Congress and a Democrat in the White House, political analysts expect more of the gridlock that has characterized most of the six years of President Barack Obama's tenure.
"There aren't too many surprises here, and I don't think markets will react negatively, or positively on this," said Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin.
Investors with a stake in the energy sector, the sole industry group in the S&P 500 with negative year-to-date returns, hope Republican control of the Senate will speed up approval of oil and gas pipelines, reform crude and natural gas export laws, and motivate the Obama administration to include those energy exports in new, or broader, trade agreements.
Many voters are giddy about gasoline prices under $3 a gallon, but still no party wants to be in charge of lifting a ban that could result in gasoline prices rising again. So politicians have room to maneuver around the issue, opening the possibility for a spike in volatility in that sector.
It is also possible that an emboldened Republican Party will attempt to force budget cuts and consider another battle over the debt ceiling in 2015, which could sap market confidence. Equity markets have been damaged in the recent past by such battles - most notably in 2011, when a budget fight led to the first-ever downgrade of the US credit rating .
"Republicans who want to make a run for control of the Executive branch in 2016 will likely strike a tone of compromise," said Jacobsen, but "those on the fringe will likely look to turn the showdown into a shutdown."
S&P E-mini futures were up 4.75 points, or 0.2 per cent, late on Tuesday.
Other issues that may also find traction under Republicans include a potential repeal of the medical-device tax that is part of the Affordable Care Act, which could be a positive for the healthcare technology sector. Republicans could also try to slow adoption of online gaming, which could boost casino stocks.
History shows a bullish bias in stocks after midterm elections. Since 1928, the S&P 500 has posted a median return of 7 per cent in the 90 days after a midterm, with returns positive 86 per cent of the time, according to Barclays.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Infosys scouting for startups to partner EdgeVerveYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Infosys scouting for startups to partner its arm EdgeVerve
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Edgeverve
(Earlier this year, Infosys…)
BENGALURU: India's second largest software exporter Infosys is looking to partner with startups that can help scale up its hived-off products, platforms and solutions unit, EdgeVerve, as it believes the traditional services business will gradually shift to a more platform-led model.
To begin with, the Bengaluru-based IT company may look at either taking a startup's disruptive technology platform to its clients or help the startups scale up in terms of engineering, a senior executive said.
"For a services company in the past it did not make sense but when we are focused on Edge-Verve, we are actively looking from an acquisition perspective if there are interesting candidates which we can acquire and make part of our Edge product," Infosys' chief operating officer UB Pravin Rao told ET in an interview.
Earlier this year, Infosys made EdgeVerve its 39th wholly-owned subsidiary for about $80 million (Rs 480 crore) as it renewed its focus on products and platforms, which it estimates could generate at least a third of its total revenue in the coming years instead of 5-6per cent at present.
"Today we are seeing increasing adoption of cloud, increasing adoption of platforms, bundling of infra-app and other things. So, the market has shifted, the adoption has almost become mainstream and it could be a big thing in maybe three to five years," said Rao.
He added, "It is with this recognition that we are saying that the services business will shift over a period of time and it will be more about ecosystem, more about partners." Since not every idea will come from within Infosys, he said, partnership with startups can help Infosys fulfil its aspiration to become the services company for the next generation.
Infosys can help startups scale up or bundle interesting technologies with its offerings, he said, adding, "In the rarest of rare cases we will be looking at some equity participation also."
Under CEO Vishal Sikka , Infosys is also focusing on partnership model, with the company forging alliances with companies and universities.
The company has partnered with Sikka's alma mater, Stanford, to jointly make course curriculum in data science and analytics and help Infosys and the university work on real-world problem areas. The company has further extended its partnership with companies including Microsoft , Huawei and Hitachi and strengthened its engagement with Oracle.
Rao said that the rationale for deepening its partnership with Oracle is simply that Oracle is very strong in retail and finance while SAP remains dominant in manufacturing. "After Vishal has come back we are looking at some specific outcomes from the partnership.
Today we are also looking at co-creation and co-investing." Some analysts believe Infosys' focus on partnership will help the company scale up next-generation portfolio offerings while doing away with costs related with research and development and in turn protect margins.
"The relationship with Oracle will help Infosys enhance the value of its System Integration (SI) offerings in the digital marketing space," said Bozhidar Hristov, analyst at US-based research firm TBRI. "Infosys will leverage its SI capabilities and network of Oracle-enabled data centres to support the deployment of the application. Further, Infosys' partnership with Huawei will enable it to jointly deliver big-data-cloud-delivered solutions targeting enterprise clients in the telecommunication vertical," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ezetap says its credit card reader devices to be compatible with WindowsYou are here: Home > Collections
Ezetap says its credit card reader devices to be compatible with Windows platform
Krithika Krishnamurthy, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 04.59AM IST
Tags:
Berggruen Holdings
BENGALURU: To leverage on the pervasive presence of Microsoft-powered terminals across small enterprises, payments solution provider Ezetap said its credit card reader devices will now be compatible with Windows platform.
This move will allow Ezetap, which was until now focused largely on retail, to tap into the enterprise sector as well. "The enterprise segment is now looking at payments seriously. This is the right time for this," said Ezetap's cofounder Sanjay Swamy, declining to comment on its impact on company's revenue. Ezetap said it expects to sign a few large deals in the near future.
Small businesses, hospitals, kirana stores, field sales officers in insurance are a few sectors in the radar, he said. The new add-on will allow all Windows-powered PC terminals and mobile devices to carry out transactions, something that was only available on Android till date.
Founded in 2011 by Abhijit Bose, Bhaktha Kesavachar, and Sanjay Swamy, the Bangalore based company has offices Mumbai and Delhi and recently started operations in Kenya.
It raised $8 million (Rs 49 crore) from Helion Advisors , Social-+Capital and Berggruen Holdings earlier this year. Till recently, the company had sold 20,000 devices, on a subscription model.
Microsoft said it is a win-win strategy for both - it can sell its operating system and devices to small enterprises with a ready payments solution in place.
"Payments will open up new segments that we haven't thought of before," said Vineet Durani, director of the Windows Phone business group at Microsoft.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IKYA buys 49 per cent stake in Canadian tech company MFXchangeYou are here: Home > Collections > Insurance
IKYA buys 49 per cent stake in Canadian tech company MFXchange
ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Brainhunter
(The company will combine…)
BENGALURU: IKYA, a staffing company owned by Thomas Cook India, on Tuesday said it has agreed to buy a 49% stake in MFXchange , the technology applications subsidiary of Canadian property and casualty insurer Fairfax.
The company will combine MFX with its nearly $200-million IT services business, and has appointed Vikram Gulati, a Wipro veteran and most recently CEO of IT firm Happiest Minds, as its head.
This will mark IKYA's foray into the multi-billion dollar outsourcing market dominated by IBM, Accenture, Tata Consultancy Services and Infosys.
As part of the transition, MFX CEO Ray Roy will retire and serve as a non-executive chairman, the company said.
"We wish Ray the very best in his retirement and trust that the business he built in MFX will be in good hands with Ajit Isaac, Vikram Gulati and the team at IKYA," said Prem Watsa, chairman and CEO at Fairfax Financial , which owns Thomas Cook and through it IKYA.
In August this year Quebec's security regulator started investigating Fairfax and its founder for "possible illegal insider trading", a charge denied by the top executives including Watsa.
Ajit Isaac, managing director and chairman of IKYA, said despite all the competition there's an opportunity to create another billion-dollar company in the IT services industry. "Fairfax has been a phenomenal backer for us—they actually came to us and suggested we integrate their IT subsidiary with IKYA," he said.
Fairfax is expected to help IKYA gain a foothold in the lucrative insurance IT outsourcing market.
Gulati, a seasoned enterprise IT executive, led software applications services unit at Wipro and had stints at Intelligroup and Ashok Soota's Happiest Minds Technologies.
"We are getting a cloud-enabled product being used by several insurers, a data centre in New York and understanding of the insurance vertical from Fairfax," he said.
Gulati said his immediate task would be to scale to around $500 million in revenue. IKYA has made seven acquisitions so far. MFX marks its third acquisition this year.
In September, it had acquired Canada-based IT firm Brainhunter. "With Brainhunter we will be able to target the IT staffing market in the US," Gulati said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Climate change: IMD focuses on special training for fishery groupsPrint
Written by Parthasarathi Biswas | Pune | Posted: November 5, 2014 11:52 am
Listed among countries in the zones where the effect of climate change would be high on fishing, India is making efforts to train the fishery industry to adapt to climate changes and its depleting effect on the fishing industry, and taking the lead is the India Meteorological Department (IMD)’s Agrimet department in the city.
World Meteorological Organisation (WMO)’s recent conference suggests promotion of weather and climate information for the agriculture and food security in countries like India, where it paints a bleak picture for the fishing industry owing to climate change.
Maharashtra has the third largest fishing sector in India with a majority dependent on inland fishing. Budhaji Damse, who heads a fishing cooperative in Pune, said paucity of catch in reservoirs in the area are giving fishermen a tough time.
That climate change has been making its effect felt in the fishing industry in Maharashtra, as seen in the decline in production. The projected production for 2013-14 for Maharashtra is 583.37 thousand tonnes, a decrease from 595.24 thousand tonnes in 2010-11. The sector in the state contributes almost 1 per cent to the GDP and is 4.6 per cent of agriculture production. Over the years, there has been a significant shift towards inland fisheries and now 63.30 per cent of fishing industry is from inland sources.
Nabanshu Chattopadhyay, deputy director general (agricultural meteorology), IMD, said inland fishery is equally susceptible to climate change and any increase in temperature or change in oxygen level will have a negative impact on shoal of fishes.
Chattopadhyay said there have been reports of large scale death of aquatic life in Haryana and other parts of the country due to change in temperature. “During flooding of the Brahmaputra in Assam, similar incidents were reported,” he said. With major part of the fishing community in the country depending on inland fisheries, Chattopadhyay said special training will be imparted to groups that issue agro-meteorological advisories to fishermen. “Other than weather details we are training AMFU’s to give advisories like use of adaptive measures in case of scenarios like increase in temperature, decrease in dissolved oxygen levels, etc,” he said.

RBI may ease debt recast rules for sinking shipping cosABG Shipyard
("We are not in favour of a…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' initiative may come to the rescue of an industry that has its fate closely tied to economic cycles - shipbuilding. The shipping ministry has asked the central bank to relax rules allowing shipbuilding companies which are sitting on huge losses to go in for a second round of debt restructuring.
"We are not in favour of a bail-out package for the sector, but we want to address the systemic issues," said a senior government official on the ministry's proposal.
Banks have to write off part of their loans if the first round of debt recast fails. The shipping ministry wants the Reserve Bank of India to ease this rule for fund-starved shipbuilders so that they could undertake a fresh round of restructuring and raise finance as they try to revive business. An RBI approval for a plan that won't increase their bad loans would likely encourage banks to extend more money. The RBI has given such leeway to certain sectors, including the solar industry, the official said, justifying the demand.
The shipbuilding industry in India is in a turmoil. Manufacturers had built up large capacities, often by taking on debt, when growing global trade had driven up demand for ships. But, over the past five years, as the global economy hit an uncertain patch, new orders dried up and existing orders were either postponed or cancelled. To add to the local industry's woes, the government withdrew a programme that offered a 30% subsidy on the cost of building ships.
Lack of government support led overseas competitors to outbid Indian manufactures in a market where new contracts had become few and far between.
"Companies were hit from multiple angles as they had already borrowed loans and gone for capital expansion, buoyed by so many orders," said Manish Sharma, executive director-infrastructure, at PricewaterhouseCoopers India.
The 'Make in India' campaign aims to boost manufacturing as a way to increase employment opportunities and speed up economic growth. Getting the shipbuilding industry, which has immense potential to generate jobs, back on track would provide a fillip to this initiative.
Among the top shipbuilding companies, Bharati Shipyard, ABG Shipyard, Hindustan Shipyard and Goa Shipyard are all in some sort of stress. Some public sector shipbuilding companies like Cochin Shipyard have managed to stay afloat because of orders from the navy and air force, where the profit margins are decided in advance.
Bharati Shipyards has been under the corporate debt restructuring (CDR) mechanism since 2012. It reported a Rs 843 crore loss on a turnover of Rs 203 crore in fiscal 2014, highlighting the lack of demand the company is facing and the high finance charge it pays on debt that totalled Rs 4,000 crore.
ABG Shipyard reported a net loss of Rs 56 crore on a turnover of Rs 266 crore in the March 2014 quarter, while state-run Hindustan Shipyard posted total income of Rs 562.50 crore and a loss of Rs 55 crore in fiscal 2013, the latest year for which numbers were available. Goa Shipyard, another government company, posted a net loss ofRs 61 crore on a turnover of Rs 553 crore in fiscal 2014.
Bharati Shipyard has a fairly large order book, but experts say it is not in a position to fulfill those commitments because of the restrictions of CDR. Lack of cash flow poses a challenge to the entire restructuring exercise.
While, ABG Shipyard has completed restructuring its Rs 10,000 crore debt, more than a dozen more lossmaking companies are likely to enter the CDR process in the near future.
"This (government's) move will help us in giving a leeway. But the process would not be smooth, involving a lot of paperwork, meetings, etc.," said Dhananjay Datar, chief financial officer of ABG Shipyard.The shipping ministry's proposal to the RBI is a part of a Cabinet note for a comprehensive shipbuilding policy, as proposed in this year's budget.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Corporates to pump in Rs 14 000 cr towards CSR in 2014-15: JaitleyIndian society currently "witnessing a turning point", FM said, expressing the hope that corporate would enter the charity in a big way.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Indian companies will spend close to Rs 14,000 crore on corporate social responsibility activity (CSR) in FY 15 and the amount will increase in the years ahead, finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Tuesday. Under the new Companies Act , companies with a net worth of more than Rs 500 crore or revenue of over Rs 1,000 crore or a net profit of more than Rs 5 crore need to spend at least 2% of the average net profit of the preceding three years on CSR activities.
"... CSR alone in its very first year is going to contribute about Rs 14,000 crore into the (social) sector and that's reasonably a large amount of money. This is going to increase year after year as corporate profits increase," he said while speaking at a function organised jointly by the Jubilant Bhartia and Schwab foundations. Jaitley also holds the charge of corporate affairs ministry that is responsible for CSR law.
The UPA government had prescribed certain activities eligible for such spending. The new government has added contributions to Swachh Bharat Fund and Clean Ganga Fund as eligible spend under this law.
However, Jaitley said corporates have been a late entrant to the idea of charitable causes. "The best in the Indian society is yet to be realised...They (corporates) are essentially obsessed with their cause, they are convinced about their cause," he added.

Government open to privatisation of loss-making PSUs: FM Arun JaitleyJaitley also said the government will soon unveil reforms for other natural resources sectors along the lines of coal block auctions.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government is open to privatisation of certain loss-making public sector companies, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Thursday.
"Certainly I would be interested to look at some PSUs (which) could do much better in private hands," Jaitley said during an interaction at the World Economic Forum in New Delhi, referring to public sector undertakings.
Jaitley also said the government will soon unveil reforms for other natural resources sectors along the lines of coal block auctions .

Non banking finance cos find raising money directly from the mkt cheaperNon banking finance companies find raising money directly from the market cheaper
Gayatri Nayak & Shilpy Sinha, ET Bureau Nov 5, 2014, 07.02AM IST
Tags:
IDFC
(For the first time in more…)
MUMBAI: With banks holding on to their lending rates even as market rates have fallen sharply, non-banking finance companies or NBFCs such as Shriram Transport Finance and LIC Housing Finance, their biggest customers, have turned their backs on the banking system and resorted to borrowing more by selling commercial paper and short-term bonds.
For the first time in more than four years, bank lending to NBFCs turned negative at the end of September, falling 4.4 per cent compared to the year-ago period to Rs 2.93 lakh crore, according to the latest Reserve Bank of India data.
In 2013, bank lending had risen 26 per cent in the corresponding period over the previous year. Bank loans have traditionally been a major source of funding for NBFCs. However, with the base rate, the benchmark over which banks lend to NBFCs has remained high as RBI has not signalled lower rates due to persistent concerns over high inflation. NBFCs have, therefore, found it cheaper to raise funds directly from the market. Indian firms, including NBFCs, raised almost Rs 1 lakh crore between September 15 and October 15 through commercial paper, according to RBI data. Some firms raised money at as low as 8.4 per cent interest rate.
Banks charge 25 basis points above base rate to NBFCs, adding up to 10.25-10.5 per cent. Public debt issuances charge 9.5 per cent on two-year NCDs and 10.5 per cent for three years, according to a senior NBFC official. "This time we had a large public issue of Rs 2,000 crore while we had permission to borrow Rs 3,000 crore, so we did not require funding from other sources," said Umesh Revankar, managing director and CEO of Shriram Transport Finance. "Companies which are comfortable borrowing short term, use commercial paper as it is cheaper."
A section of NBFCs is not seeing much demand for loans as the economic revival is still not perceptible, with the result that their requirement of funds has also reduced. "Overall lending has come down," said Ramesh Iyer, MD and CEO of Mahindra Finance . "The fall in percentage will relate to the companies borrowing from banks...whether companies like PFC and IDFC are going to the banks," he said.
The banks which used to lend to NBFCs to on-lend to firms are increasingly tying up with firms directly for various financing arrangements.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Blow to Obama Republicans capture US SenateBlow to Obama? Republicans capture control of US Senate in midterm elections
By Reuters | 5 Nov, 2014, 10.27AM IST
The outcome of the elections suggested Obama would face a tougher final two years in office, complicated by greater Republican power and influence in Washington. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Republicans rode a wave of voter discontent to sweeping midterm election wins on Tuesday, seizing control of the US Senate in a punishing blow to President Barack Obama that will limit his political influence and curb his legislative agenda in his last two years in office.
Republicans won in places where Democrats were favored, like a Senate race in North Carolina, pulled out victories where the going was tough, like a Senate battle in Kansas, and swept a number of governors' races in states where Democrats were favored, like Obama's home state of Illinois.
They also strengthened their grip on the House of Representatives and when the new Congress takes power in January, will be in charge of both chambers of Congress for the first time since elections in 2006.
Obama, first elected in 2008 and again in 2012, called Democratic and Republican leaders of Congress to the White House on Friday to take stock of the new political landscape. He watched election returns from the White House, and saw little to warm his spirits.
Republican Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, who won a tough re-election battle against Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes, will replace Democrat Harry Reid as Senate majority leader.
"Some things don't change after tonight. I don't expect the president to wake up tomorrow and view the world any differently than he did when he woke up this morning. He knows I won't either. But we do have an obligation to work together on issues where we can agree," McConnell said in his victory speech in Louisville.
Republicans needed six seats to win control of the 100-member Senate, and by late evening they had seven.
The winning margin came when Iowa Republican Joni Ernst was declared the winner over Democrat Bruce Braley and Republican Thom Tillis defeated incumbent Democratic Senator Kay Hagan in North Carolina.
Republican Senate candidates also picked up Democratic seats in Montana, Colorado, West Virginia, South Dakota and Arkansas.
The Republican surge will force Obama to scale back his legislative agenda and limit his ambitions to either executive actions that do not require legislative approval, or items that might gain bipartisan support, such as trade agreements and tax reform.
It will also test his ability to compromise with newly empowered political opponents who have been resisting his legislative agenda since he was first elected.
'TERRIFIC NIGHT'
But Republicans, hoping to win the White House in 2016, will also be under pressure to show Americans they are capable of governing after drawing scorn a year ago for shutting down the government in a budget fight.
"Tonight was a terrific night for Republicans. It was a powerful repudiation of the Obama agenda, and the Obama economy, which isn't working," Republican Senator Ted Cruz, a conservative firebrand, told CNN.
"The American people, they're frustrated with what's happening in Washington, but now the responsibility falls on us to lead," he said.
Partisan battles could erupt over immigration reform, with Obama poised to issue executive actions by year's end to defer deportations of some undocumented immigrants, and over energy policy, as Republican press the president to approve the Keystone XL pipeline carrying oil from Canada.
The Republican victory had been widely predicted ahead of Tuesday's voting to elect 36 senators, 36 state governors and all 435 members of the House of Representatives.
Election Day polling by Reuters/Ipsos found a dour mood among the electorate with less than one-third of voters believing the country is headed in the right direction.
Midterm Elections In The US
of 6
Midterm Elections In The US
Text: AFP
Today Americans head to the polls to cast their vote in the mid-term elections, which will decide whether Republicans or Democrats will control the Senate.
In Pic: A man fills walks past voting signs displayed outside a polling station during the mid-term elections November 4.
Voters cast their ballots in the midterm elections
Voters cast their ballots in the midterm elections at Bellarmine University November 4, 2014 in Louisville, Kentucky.
Sen. Mitch McConnell waits after voting in midterm elections
Senate Minority Leader U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) waits after voting in midterm elections with his wife Elaine Chao at Bellarmine University.
In Pic: Senator Mitch McConnell with wife Elaine Chao
Clay Aiken poses for a selfie with supporters
Clay Aiken, Democratic candidate for U.S. Congress in North Carolina's Second District, poses for a selfie with supporters.
In Pic: Democratic Candidate for US Congress Clay Aiken poses for a selfie with supporters.
A David Perdue supporter wears an anti-Michelle Nunn sticker
A David Perdue supporter wears an anti-Michelle Nunn sticker on his back during a campaign stop one day before the mid-term elections.
Next

Economic Reforms Will be a  Long Journey   Says Finance MinisterMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Wednesday structural reforms to India's economy could only progress slowly, adding that he backed relaxing labour and land laws hated by business, along with more privatizations.
Speaking to an audience of foreign investors, Mr Jaitley said people still needed to be convinced that making it easier to hire and fire workers would create jobs.
He did not set deadlines -- possibly disappointing some in the audience at the Indian edition of the World Economic Forum hoping for a quick reform burst.
"There is a lot that has to be done ... I am quite satisfied with the beginning we have made but it's a long journey," Mr Jaitley said.
He cautioned against rushing into big bang reforms that could trigger a political backlash and derail the government's agenda.
"Reform is the art of the possible," he said, while promising not to take decisions that would send negative signals to investors.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to office in May with a mandate to create jobs and kickstart Asia's third largest economy after a long period of low growth. Expectations are mounting that the government will take steps between now and the budget in February to stimulate investment.
India recorded better-than-expected growth of 5.7 per cent in the quarter ending in June, but industrial output and investment has not yet picked up in a sustained way.
The government has already taken some steps to make doing business easier and reduce red tape and subsidies. However, Mr Modi has not moved ahead as fast on privatizations or welfare and tax reform as some of his supporter had hoped.
Anand Mahindra, managing director of tractors to tech conglomerate Mahindra Group, said that investment in the economy would pick up once companies saw big infrastructure projects restart.
"It takes a little while to gather momentum and the momentum I sense is very positive," he told reporters.
"When you get backhoe loaders out there digging up earth again visibly, you will see a rush of investment," said Mr Mahindra, whose company also makes backhoe loaders.
A land acquisition law passed by the last government and supported by the BJP while in opposition dramatically increased compensation to farmers for land. Stringent rules requiring consensus among sellers have made it difficult for industry to buy land.
Mr Jaitley said he supported the higher compensation but wanted to loosen other barriers to land purchases.
In addition to an ongoing process of selling off government shares in state-run companies, Mr Jaitely said he was open to privatizing so-called "zombie" companies, many of which have hundreds of employees paid by the government but produce nothing.
"There are still a large number of companies which are almost on the verge of closure where people are going to lose employment," Mr Jaitley said.
"Given a choice between them continuing in the present state and getting them privatized, the second would be a preferable option."
He did not give more details and it was unclear how much private sector interest there would be in companies that include a British-era uniform factory and a government watch-maker.
Mr Jaitley said he hoped a long-delayed bill to allow up to 49 per cent foreign investment in the insurance sector would be passed by parliament within weeks, and said he would consider allowing more foreign investment in railways.
Unveiling first steps to reform labour last month, India simplified employment rules and eased the way for people changing jobs to move social security funds.
The government also announced a series of coal field auctions last month, replacing a policy of discretional allocation. Mr Jaitley said the government planned to introduce a similar mechanism for other minerals, without giving details.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

China looks to ease foreign investment rulesChina looks to ease curbs on foreign investment
Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/25526d5e-64d1-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bata Q3 profit rises 3.77 per cent at Rs 39 croreBata Q3 profit rises 3.77 per cent at Rs 39 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 19:45 IST
Photo: Reuters
Footwear retailer Bata India on Wednesday reported a 3.77 per cent increase in standalone net profit at Rs 39 crore for the third quarter due to higher expenses.
The company, which follows January-December financial year, had reported net profit of Rs 37.58 crore in the July- September quarter of last year, Bata India said in a Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) filing.
Bata India's Q3 net sales stood at Rs 547.64 crore, up 13.11 per cent compared to Rs 484.15 crore in the same quarter a year ago.
Bata India Group Managing Director Rajeev Gopalakrishnan said: "The quarterly performance reflects our focus on maintaining quality sales and growth. With an aggressive plan on opening of new format stores, offering aspirational designs and addition of a wider range of products, the expectation is to amplify the growth momentum."
Overall expenses in the July-September quarter were at Rs 499.85 crore, up 14.43 per cent as against Rs 436.79 crore in the same period last year.
Shares of Bata India closed at Rs 1,273.60 per scrip at the end of day's trade, down 0.59 per cent from their previous close on the BSE.

Unitech group co sells 6 realty projects for Rs 1 850 crTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
Unitech Corporate Parks (UCP), the London listed Unitech group firm, today said the company has completed a deal to sell its stakes in six IT-SEZ projects in India to Canada’s Brookfield Asset Management for 188.9 million pounds (about Rs 1,850 crore).
However, the total sale proceeds are lower than the amount agreed initially in June at Rs 2,050 crore.
In June, UCP had signed the agreement to sell its 60 per cent stake in the six projects to Brookfield for about 205.9 million pounds (Rs 2,050 crore). Separately, Unitech had also sold its 40 per cent stakes in 4 projects to Brookfield.
With completion of sale of UCP’s stake in six projects and Unitech’s 40 per cent stake in four projects, sources said that Unitech is likely to receive around Rs 1,500 crore from this entire deal and the fund would be used to retire debt.
Unitech’s net debt stood at around Rs 5,900 crore at the end of June quarter.
UCP and Unitech were jointly developing five IT special economic zones (SEZs) and one IT Park in Gurgaon, Noida and Kolkata. In these six projects, UCP held 60 per cent stake and Unitech 40 per cent. That apart, Unitech had direct stake of about 13-14 per cent in UCP.
Recently, the Board of Approval (BoA) for SEZs has cleared the deal of UCP to sell its stake in the 5 SEZs in India to Brookfield Asset Management.
In a statement, UCP said: “The Board of UCP is pleased to announce completion today of the sale of the entire issued share capital of Candor, the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary and holding company for all UCP’s property interests”.
“The consideration received from Brookfield today amounted to £188.9 million which reflects the announced sale price of £205.9 million less an adjustment of £15.8 million in relation to certain funds placed with two financial institutions which had not been repaid by completion and £1.2 million in relation to payments made by Candor to or on behalf of UCP prior to completion,” it added.
UCP said its Board would write to shareholders in November to outline proposals for an initial cash distribution.
More from companies

To address concerns  Karnataka Govt to meet IT sector chiefs on ThursdayTo address concerns, Karnataka Govt to meet IT sector chiefs on Thursday
Venkatesh Ganesh
Tweet
Bangalore, November 5:  
To soothe the nerves of IT companies based in Bangalore, the Karnataka Government is meeting with top executives from the industry on Thursday.
Chief Minister Siddaramaiah has asked the IT companies, including Infosys, Wipro and Mindtree, to discuss infrastructure bottlenecks such as power shortages, lack of drinking water and issues regarding land clearances.
The trigger for this meeting is Infosys’ pulling out of the Devanahalli IT park, where it had planned to set up a 20,000-seat centre, citing infrastructure problems.
It is learnt that Infosys has asked the Karnataka Industrial Area Development Board (KIADB) to refund its deposit for the 40 acres of land it had acquired in the IT Park as the promises made by the State Government have not been fulfilled for the past four years. Despite repeated attempts, the chief minister’s office did not respond.
Trying to limit fallout
The head of a leading industry lobby, speaking on condition of anonymity, told BusinessLine that the Government is attempting a damage-control exercise as the withdrawal by Infosys threatened Bangalore’s stature as the IT/BioTechnology capital of India.
Karnataka’s IT & BT minister, SR Patil, said in a statement that the Government is committed to providing basic infrastructure and would convene a meeting to address industry grievances and facilitate investments.
Officials from Infosys will attend the meeting, said a company spokesperson.
KK Natarajan, CEO and Managing Director of Mindtree, will not attend the meeting, said a company spokesperson. Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, the CMD of Biocon, is out of the country and hence will not be able to attend, the company said.
The developments in Bangalore come at a time when Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu is in the State to conduct road-shows and attract investments.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Broker push helps Vodafone higherBroker push helps Vodafone higher
Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ef1bb3f8-6511-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rajoy must go for the good of SpainNovember 5, 2014 5:39 pm
Rajoy must go if Spain is to confront the threats it faces
Luis Garicano
Solving the political problems is impossible while the prime minister remains, says Luis Garicano
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2362e6a-64e5-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IRB Infrastructure Q2 Net Rises 14%You are here: Home Corporates
IRB Infrastructure Q2 Net Rises 14 Per Cent to Rs 121.73 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 01:38 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Mumbai: IRB Infrastructure Developers on Wednesday reported a 14 per cent increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 121.73 crore for the quarter ended September 2014.
The company had registered a net profit of Rs 106.81 crore for the corresponding quarter a year ago.
Total income during the quarter, however, declined 6 per cent to Rs 911.96 crore from 967.42 crore a year ago, a company release said.
"The marginal decline in turnover is on the back of the revenue mix we have--toll and construction income. While the toll income has improved, the income from the construction segment has reduced. But as more projects start getting operational, our construction income will also increase," IRB Infrastructure chairman and managing director Virendra Mhaiskar said.
The board of directors of the company has approved an enabling special resolution for issue of securities for an amount not exceeding Rs 1,500 crore subject to shareholders' approval.
IRB's order book currently stands at around Rs 11,600 crore out of which Rs 9,650 crore worth orders are to be executed in the next three to four years, it said.
Shares in IRB Infra, on Wednesday, ended at Rs 254.70 apiece on the BSE, down 1.51 per cent per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 23:35 (IST)

NHRC notice to Army on J&K killingsUpdated: November 6, 2014 02:02 IST
NHRC notice to Army on J&K killings
Zahid Rafiq
Protesters clash with the police in Nowgam on Wednesday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
crisis
The Jammu and Kashmir capital remained largely shut on Wednesday in response to a bandh call by separatist leaders against the killing of two civilians in Army firing in the Chattergam area of Budgam on Monday.
Stone-throwing and clashes between youth and the police were witnessed in the Nowgam area, where the two victims lived, but other parts of Srinagar remained peaceful under a reinforced security presence and restrictions. Public bus service, businesses and offices in the city mostly remained shut.
The National Human Rights Commission issued notices to the Defence Ministry and the Superintendent of Police, Budgam, calling for reports into the killings within two weeks.
Amnesty International India, in a statement, said the Army must cooperate fully with the J&K police investigation into the killings and not use the AFSPA to shield its soldiers. “If sufficient evidence is found, suspects must be prosecuted in a civilian court, and the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act must not be used to shield soldiers from prosecution,” it said.
The Amnesty statement said it had documented cases since 1990, including the killing of an 18-year-old boy in Ganderbal in 2013, in which the Army had refused to cooperate with the police investigation. It urged the government to ensure that the police investigation into the Chattergam incident was taken to its logical end.

Chinas small lenders seek coverChina’s small lenders pull back as economy slows
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6f07a5f4-632d-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex  Nifty closed on account of  Gurunanak JayantiSensex, Nifty closed on account of 'Gurunanak Jayanti'
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 6, 2014, 08.42AM IST
Tags:
NEW DELHI: Indian stock market will remain shut on Thursday, 06th November on account of public holiday . Equity, forex and money market will remain closed on account of Gurunanak Jayanti .
At 08:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 56.50 points higher at 8,394.
The Nifty extended its winning streak for sixth consecutive session on Wednesday and closed at an all-time high as inflows continued on hopes of pick-up in economic growth in coming quarters.
The 50-share index ended at an all-time closing high of 8,338.30, up 14.15 or 0.17 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 8,365.55 and an intraday low of 8,323.50.
The S&P BSE Sensex ended at all-time closing high of 27,889.41, up 29.03 points or 0.10 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 28,006.60 and an intraday low of 27,886.50.
Present upside momentum still appears strong and may remain so till the time Nifty trades above the level of 8290. Only a move below 8290 may signal further correction till 8220 to 8200 range, say experts.
"However, the index has a key support placed at 8170 and as long as 8170 is respected as a support despite any correction the present move may even extend till 8460," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"The level of 8460 is the resistance offered by the upper band of an advancing Channel it has been trading in since May 2014 till date. Only a move below 8170 would signal weakness," added the report.
Overnight, U.S. stocks ended higher with both the S&P 500 and Dow advancing to records, after Republicans took control of the Senate, allaying fears of drawn-out runoffs and raising investor hopes for more business- and energy-friendly policies.
A stronger-than-expected report on the labor market also helped lift stocks, but some weak tech sector earnings weighed on the Nasdaq, Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 100.69 points, or 0.58 percent, to 17,484.53, the S&P 500 gained 11.47 points, or 0.57 percent, to 2,023.57 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 2.92 points, or 0.06 percent, to 4,620.72.
Asian shares were trading mixed. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.36 per cent higher at 16,996 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.23 per cent lower at 23,641.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.14 per cent higher at 1,933 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.60 per cent lower at 2,404.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US has offered Iran  framework  for nuclear deal: Barack ObamaBy: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: November 6, 2014 9:57 am
President Barack Obama on Thursday said the US has proposed a “framework” that can help Iran meet its nuclear energy needs and the prospects of a comprehensive deal with the country over its nuclear programme should become clear in the next 3-4 weeks.
“Whether we can actually get a deal done, we’re going to have to find out over the next three to four weeks. We have presented to them a framework that would allow them to meet their peaceful energy needs,” Obama told reporters at a White House news conference.
Referring to the frequent statements from the Iranian leadership that they don’t want to develop a nuclear a weapon, Obama said: “If that is, in fact, true, then they’ve got an avenue here to provide that assurance to the world community, and in a progressive, step-by-step, verifiable way, allow them to get out from under sanctions so that they can reenter as full-fledged members of the international community.”
The West has accused Iran of attempting to develop a nuclear weapon under the guise of a civilian nuclear programme, while Tehran argues that its nuclear development is aimed purely at meeting the country’s growing energy needs and achieving other peaceful goals.
Obama said the unprecedented sanctions imposed by US-led international community has crippled Iran’s economy. “We have been able to freeze their programme, in some cases reduce the stockpile of nuclear material that they already had in hand. The discussions, the negotiations have been constructive,” he said.
“I’ve said consistently that I’d rather have no deal than a bad deal — because what we don’t want to do is lift sanctions and provide Iran legitimacy but not have the verifiable mechanisms to make sure that they don’t break out and produce a nuclear weapon,” Obama said.

Goa CM Manohar Parrikar tipped for defence portfolio in cabinet rejigGoa CM Manohar Parrikar tipped for defence portfolio in cabinet rejig
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 21:03 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 09:52 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Narendra Modi will likely reshuffle and expand his council of ministers on Sunday, with Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar tipped to get the key defence portfolio and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi set to return as a cabinet minister.
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar (L) took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. (Sameer Sehgal/HT File Photo)
The long-awaited revamp of the team that has ruled India since late May will lighten the burden on some ministers who hold more than one portfolio and give the Prime Minister a chance to promote high achievers while getting rid of a few who have failed to keep pace, government and BJP sources said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, who holds additional charge of the defence portfolio, had said early in his tenure that this was only a temporary arrangement.  The 58-year-old Parrikar flew to Delhi early on Wednesday after cancelling a meeting of his state cabinet, and met BJP chief Amit Shah and, later in the day, Modi.
 
“The Prime Minister did not talk about my joining the cabinet; we discussed Goa issues,” he said after meeting Modi. The likely move of the well-regarded chief minister to Delhi will leave the BJP with a big hole to plug in Goa, and party leaders were in discussions about his replacement.
Naqvi, minister of state in the Vajpayee government, is likely to become minister in charge of statistics and planning, the sources said.  His entry will provide the cabinet another prominent Muslim face after minority affairs minister Najma Heptulla.
Jayant Sinha, who holds a Harvard MBA and is the son of former finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is likely to be inducted as minister of state (MoS), either in the defence or finance ministry. Nirmala Sitharaman may be promoted from MoS to cabinet minister, likely in charge of the commerce and industry ministry, and give up her current additional role as MoS in the finance ministry.
Haryana leader Birender Singh, who had crossed over from the Congress to the BJP ahead of the Haryana assembly election, is understood to be in contention for a berth in the council of ministers and is likely to get independent charge of a ministry.
 
BJP youth wing chief Anu-rag Thakur, a Lok Sabha MP from Himachal Pradesh, and Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, who was instrumental in uncovering the coal block scam, are other probable candidates.
Bihar MPs Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a Brahmin, and Giriraj Singh, a Bhumihar, are also said to be serious contenders for a place in the council of ministers.  MPs from Uttarakhand and West Bengal may miss the bus again, said sources.
 
Modi is understood to be considering lightening the burden of some ministers holding more than one portfolio. Ravi Shankar Prasad (law, communication & IT), Prakash Javadekar (I&B and environment), Nitin Gadkari (rural development, road transport & highways, panchayati raj and drinking water) and Piyush Goyal (power, coal, new and renewable energy) are among the ministers who hold multiple portfolios.
 
Speculation is also rife about changes in Rail Bhawan and Krishi Bhawan. Given the PM’s motto of “minimum government, maximum governance”, the sources ruled out any large-scale expansion. Modi’s present team includes 22 cabinet ministers and an equal number of MoS.
(with agency inputs)

NTPC s proposed thermal plant in Vizag to be made more cyclone-proofNTPC's proposed thermal plant in Vizag to be made more cyclone-proof
Ch R S Sarma
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Nov 6:  
NTPC has learnt its lessons from the recent Hudhud cyclone and will take all steps to make its second thermal power plant coming up at Pudimadaka in Visakhapatnam district more cyclone-proof, according to A.K Samanta, Group General Manager of NTPC-Simhadri.
NTPC-Simhadri at Parwada in Visakhapatnam district has four units of 500 MW each and all the four units had to be shut down for four days after the Hudhud cyclone hit Visakhapatnam on October 12.NTPC is setting up a super thermal power plant (4,000 MW) at Pudimadaka village in Visakhapatnam district.
Samanta said here on Wednesday that the NTPC-Simhadri authorities had followed all the standard operating procedures and taken all the precautions and that was why the power generation could be resumed so quickly even after a cyclone of the magnitude of Hudhud.
"However, we have learnt from the experience. We suffered four days of total blackout and in future, we would have to prepare for such eventualities and may be make some alternative arrangements. In constructing the Pudimadaka plant, we would take all these into consideration and may be we have to build structures which can withstand windspeeds up to 250 kmph.''
He said even during the recent cyclone, critical installations remained quite safe and only the roofings and certain other outer coverings were hit in the units 3 and 4. Units 1 and 2 remained safe.
Samanta said within four days, NTPC-Simhadri was in a position to resume generation on a full scale but APEPDCL was not in a position to evacuate power as the transmission system had been damaged. That was why full-scale power generation in all the four units (500 apiece) could be resumed only towards the month-end.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

India ranks 7th in world list for peer citations in research journalsIndia ranks 7th in world list for peer citations in research journals
Vinay Kamath
Tweet
Kozhikode, Nov 6:  
If citations by peers of research work done by scholars is a good benchmarking index, then Indian scholars rank second to China in the Asiatic region but is pushed to seventh place in the world rankings.
China had almost 36,000 citable documents in the business, management and accounting areas, while India had nearly 14,000 citations. However, in the world map, the US was far ahead with 1.6 lakh citations in the top rank.
Kulbhushan Balooni, Director-incharge, IIM Kozhikode, delivering the keynote address at the inaugural session of the Pan IIM World Management conference at the institute campus here, gave out these figures to stress the importance of research.
“Knowledge creation is recognition among the peers. Its benchmarking is done by the number of citations by peers of a research article. We do not have any choice but to accept the citations as an important indicator of the quality of research paper and the impact factor of the journals,” said Balooni.
Balooni said the IIMs have to collectively work towards effective knowledge management creation and raise their academic standards and also measure their own research performance effectively. While the top three IIMs, the older ones, as well as ISB, fare well in citations per document, the newer IIMs as well as other B schools, lag behind and have to catch up with their older peers, he said.
Balooni made the point that in recent years, a large number of young scholars have joined IIMs. “Those who have joined the new IIMs have an enormous responsibility on their shoulders to shape the academics of their respective institutions. The trend across IIMs is to push the research agenda and this augurs well for young research scholars,” he said.
The three-day conference will debate some of these issues confronting IIMs.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Reliance Industries plans stake sell in US shale businessReliance Industries plans stake sell in US shale business
No Shiv Sena minister before trust vote: Devendra FadnavisMamata Banerjee hits back at Sushma Swaraj, says constitution is 'Holy Book' in democracy
Shiv Sena representatives will not be inducted into Maharashtra’s BJP-led government before it wins the trust vote, Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said today, in comments that have not gone down well with Sena and highlighted continued differences between the two parties over power-sharing.
“Pehle vishwas phir vistar (first the trust vote and then expansion,” Fadnavis told reporters when asked if Shiv Sena ministers would be inducted before his government seeks a trust vote in the Assembly on November 12.
Fadnavis said talks about Sena’s participation in the government were on at an “appropriate level” and the announcement regarding it will be made in Delhi.
Party sources said Union Ministers Arun Jaitley and Dharmendra Pradhan were holding discussions with Sena interlocutors.
Fadnavis’ statement has peeved Sena with a party MP saying BJP was not interested in getting it on board with respect and that Shiv Sena would sit in the opposition if no “respectable solution” to end the uncertainty over its participation in the government was found by Saturday.
“After hearing Fadnavis, the feeling amongst us has only got stronger that they (BJP) are not really interested in getting us on board with respect. He being the CM can say what he wants to. But if they do not come up with a respectable solution by Saturday, we would have to sit in the opposition,” he told PTI, requesting anonymity.
He, however, said the final call will be taken by Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
Uddhav has, meanwhile, called a meeting of newly-elected Sena legislators and other leaders on Sunday to nominate the leader of the 63-member Shiv Sena Legislature Party. The new MLAs have authorised Uddhav to nominate their leader.
TAGS: Devendra Fadnavis Shiv Sena
More from miscellaneous

Bihar CM s son-in-law quits over PA rowMamata Banerjee hits back at Sushma Swaraj, says constitution is 'Holy Book' in democracy
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi was at the centre of a controversy over appointment of his son-in-law Devendra Kumar as his personal assistant, evoking sharp criticism following which Kumar resigned from the post.
“I have sent my resignation to Chief Minister’s personal secretary,” Kumar, who was appointed as Personal Assistant (PA) of Manjhi, told PTI tonight.
He said that he has put in his paper as people were raising fingers over his appointment.
Earlier, Manjhi appointed Kumar as his PA and another kin as personal staff, evoking sharp criticism from BJP which accused the Chief Minister of violating rules.
As per a notification of the state Cabinet Secretariat Department issued in June this year, Manjhi appointed Kumar as his Personal Assistant.
Another Manjhi kin Satyendra Kumar has been appointed as a peon.
The appointments of close relatives violate a state Cabinet Secretariat Department order of May 23, 2000 which prohibits ministers to appoint a relative as PA.
It says if such appointments have been made it should be quashed immediately, the notification bearing signature of the then Secretary in the Cabinet Secretariat Girish Shankar says.
When a question was put to the Chief Minister, he tried to play it down.
“Such allegations are levelled from time to time. This is no issue),” Manjhi told reporters after emerging from state cabinet meeting.
When mediapersons told him that appointments of relatives violates a 2000 order of the government, he said “I will see it”.
Devendra Kumar said, “as the CM’s son-in-law, I have got many privileges. We are enjoying the facilities as well”.
He has served as Jeetan Ram Manjhi’s PA since the latter became Bihar’s Social Welfare Minister in 2006.
“Why are objections being raised now just because my father-in law is chief minister?” he asked.
Former chief minister Nitish Kumar said he was not aware of these appointments.
Attacking the Chief Minister, BJP leader Sushil Modi said the government circular clearly states that a person holding public office cannot appoint a relative as a PA or any other member of his staff. “It is Bihar’s misfortune that there is such corruption.”
TAGS: Jitan Ram Manjhi Jitan Ram Manjhi PA Jitan Ram Manjhi Son In Law
More from miscellaneous

El Salvadors street gangs target women andgirlsPrint
In this Oct. 3, 2014 photo, criminologist Israel Ticas removes soil from a clandestine gravesite in San Salvador, El Salvador. Ticas is a self-taught forensic scientist who says he has opened about 90 common graves with more than 700 bodies over the past 12 years and that is just a fraction of what is out there in his country. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | San Salvador | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:14 am
In a country terrorized by gangsters, it is left to the dead to break the silence on sexual violence.
Rather, to the bodies of dead women and girls pulled from clandestine graves, raped, battered and sometimes cut to pieces. They attest to the sadistic abuse committed by members of street gangs who take girlfriends, discard them when they know too much, then deliver them to group rape and murder.
Even those who gather statistics say there are no reliable numbers on sexual violence in El Salvador. Threats prevent many from reporting attacks. Others who have grown up amid rampant abuse may not even recognize rape as a crime. Still others flee the country for safety rather than seek justice from a system that more often delivers impunity.
U.S. immigration attorneys say there has been a dramatic increase in the last year in the number of women and girls from Central America seeking asylum in the United States after having been kidnapped and raped, much like the women who are fleeing war in Africa.
“We are seeing an exponential increase,” said Lindsay Toczylowski, a lawyer with Catholic Charities in Los Angeles. “It’s the evolution of gang warfare, what’s going on in Honduras and El Salvador. It’s what we see in other war situations around the world where rape is used as a weapon to terrorize the community.”
El Salvador’s 6 million people also suffer the second highest per capita homicide rate in the world after neighboring Honduras. In a land of lakes and volcanos, clandestine graves appear like wild mushrooms after a rainstorm. In the evening, the cacophony of San Salvador traffic gives way to the squeals of wild parrots and, sometimes, to wails of grief for the dead.
Most of the violence is the handiwork of the Mara Salvatrucha and 18th Street gangs, which were formed by migrants in the United States, then returned home and grew into warring forces of tens of thousands of gangsters.
The official numbers show just 239 women and girls among the murdered so far this year, about a tenth the number of men, with an additional 201 reported missing. Through August, 361 rapes were reported, two-thirds of them against minors. But the statistics don’t begin to tell the story. continued…

Mexico grants protection for army slayingwitnessPrint
FILE - In this Thursday, July 3, 2014, file photo, state police stand inside a warehouse where a black cross covers a wall near blood stains on the ground, after a shootout between Mexican soldiers and alleged criminals on the outskirts of the village of San Pedro Limon, in Mexico state, Mexico. The Mexican government is giving yet another version of what happened when soldiers killed 22 suspected gang members at the warehouse. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Mexico | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:01 am
The Mexican government said Wednesday it has agreed on protective measures for a witness who told The Associated Press and Esquire magazine that soldiers killed 21 suspected gang members after they surrendered at a warehouse in southern Mexico in late June.
The woman told the AP she had been threatened by agents of the Mexico State prosecutors’ office if she talked about what happened at the warehouse on June 30, and said she feared reprisals. The Associated Press has withheld the woman’s name.
In October, the Inter-American Human Rights Commission formally recommended that Mexico provide protection for her and her family.
Mexico’s Interior Department said Wednesday that it had met with other government agencies and the woman’s representatives to decide how to provide protection. The department said in a statement that “the government recognizes the contribution of the victim-witness to the investigation” of the killings and said it “commits itself to protecting her.”
FILE – In this July 3, 2014 file photo, bullet holes and blood stains cover a wall above papers marking where bodies were found in an unfinished warehouse that was the continued…

Mexico grants protection for army slaying witnessPrint
FILE - In this Thursday, July 3, 2014, file photo, state police stand inside a warehouse where a black cross covers a wall near blood stains on the ground, after a shootout between Mexican soldiers and alleged criminals on the outskirts of the village of San Pedro Limon, in Mexico state, Mexico. The Mexican government is giving yet another version of what happened when soldiers killed 22 suspected gang members at the warehouse. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Mexico | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:01 am
The Mexican government said Wednesday it has agreed on protective measures for a witness who told The Associated Press and Esquire magazine that soldiers killed 21 suspected gang members after they surrendered at a warehouse in southern Mexico in late June.
The woman told the AP she had been threatened by agents of the Mexico State prosecutors’ office if she talked about what happened at the warehouse on June 30, and said she feared reprisals. The Associated Press has withheld the woman’s name.
In October, the Inter-American Human Rights Commission formally recommended that Mexico provide protection for her and her family.
Mexico’s Interior Department said Wednesday that it had met with other government agencies and the woman’s representatives to decide how to provide protection. The department said in a statement that “the government recognizes the contribution of the victim-witness to the investigation” of the killings and said it “commits itself to protecting her.”
FILE – In this July 3, 2014 file photo, bullet holes and blood stains cover a wall above papers marking where bodies were found in an unfinished warehouse that was the continued…

Here s why brokers positive on JustDial  Info EdgeCentrum Wealth Management
(Online shopping in India…)
MUMBAI: As the Indian e-commerce story begins to play out and the hunt is on to find India's next Alibaba, brokerage houses are quickly doing a mid-course correction and rushing to cover e-commerce stocks such as Just Dial and Info Edge.
Foreign brokerages such as Goldman Sachs , CLSA , Credit Suisse , HSBC , JPMorgan and UBS have all started tracking these stocks, as they sense the potential of the e-commerce space, and its big-bang impact on Dalal Street .
Sample this: last July, only three brokerage houses were covering Just Dial, which has jumped to 23 at present, even as the stock has surged nearly three times since its listing in June 2013. Similarly, Info Edge is currently tracked by 24 brokerage houses, against 16 in July last, while the stock has jumped 120 per cent in one year, according to Bloomberg data.
"The e-commerce space is the next big emerging theme in the markets, and brokerage houses don't want to miss the bus. We expect many success stories to unfold in the listed space, and currently we are at the beginning of an e-commerce boom," Kunj Bansal, ED and chief investment officer at Centrum Wealth Management , said.
Analysts believe that in the e-commerce space, there are multiple enablers for explosive growth, including a rapidly growing number of internet users, steady rise in the proportion of online shoppers within the internet community, growth in the per-shopper transaction value, and continuous flow of capital investments, making these firms attractive bets.
"The money which has been raised by Flipkart and Snapdeal has grabbed everybody's attention. The trend of online shopping by Indian retailers hold great promise in the e-commerce space," said Dipen Shah, head — private client group research, Kotak Securities .
Online shopping in India of physical goods is estimated to reach around $4 billion in 2014, and will multiply by over 11 times to hit $45 billion by 2020, according to MOSL report. "We have initiated coverage on Info Edge with a buy rating and price target of Rs 1,100, as we see the company in direct and high quality play on the exploding e-commerce opportunity," said Rajat Rajgarhia, managing director — institutional equities at Motilal Oswal Securities .
One of the reasons why brokerages are gung-ho is India's growing internet population, which is estimated to grow to 400 million by 2016, making it the second largest in the world.
"On Just Dial, we have a buy recommendation with a target price of Rs 1,800, as the company is the leader in local search engines with a strong e-commerce presence, which is a winning formula," Rajgarhia added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Power Sector Needs Investment of $205 Billion: Piyush GoyalMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: Power Minister Piyush Goyal said on Thursday $250 billion of investment was needed over the next five years if the country was to meet an expected doubling of energy consumption and provide power for all its 1.2 billion people.
The minister said the bulk of the investment would need to come from the private sector but the government would also invest more.
"I visualise an investment of nearly $250 billion in this sector in the next four or five years," he told a World Economic Forum conference in New Delhi.
The government is targeting $100 billion of investment in renewables and $50 billion in transmission and distribution to "create a national grid where power can seamlessly flow", Mr Goyal said, as it seeks to avoid a repeat of 2012 when one of the world's biggest blackouts hit swathes of northern India.
He also said that nuclear power offered the "potential" to help resolve India's energy shortages.
Rapidly growing demand that outstrips supply and an antiquated transmission system mean much of India still suffers regular outages, which hamper investment and force many businesses to rely on costly generators for back up.
As many as 400 million Indians are still not connected to the grid, while the average Indian household uses about a third of the power consumed by a family in China.
Total energy consumed in India will double by 2019, Mr Goyal said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, elected in May, has made a commitment to bring uninterrupted power to all India's people a key plank of his government's programme.
To achieve that, Mr Goyal said India needed to rapidly raise the amount of coal it mined for power generation, cut back on electricity lost on transmission lines and through theft, and promote the use of renewable resources such as solar and wind.
Coal, which generates about three-fifths of the country's energy, would retain an "essential role" in India's energy mix, as in the United States, despite more environmentally friendly alternatives, Mr Goyal said.
Past governments have struggled to attract foreign cash into the power industry, partly because companies remain unconvinced they will be able to earn a return on their investment while tariffs are kept low to please consumers.
"The most important thing for infrastructure related investments (in India) is how to make the project bankable," Masakazu Sakakida, managing director of the Indian arm of Japan's Mitsubishi Corp, said earlier this week.
"In a coal based power plant, the price of electricity is almost fixed, it's not related to the price of the coal."
Dong-Kwan Kim, managing director at Hanwha Group, a Korean conglomerate with interests in solar, said India's high cost of capital was also deterring investors from renewable projects because they could earn far better returns elsewhere.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

The 15 most powerful people in the world of Biz & FinanceTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Sun 7 Dec, 2014, 11:34 PM IST - India Markets closed
The 15 most powerful people in the world of Business & Finance
Ranked at No. 36, business tycoon Mukesh Ambani is the sole Indian entry from the business world in Forbes' list of 'The World's Most Powerful People 2014'.
Recommend
Ranked at No. 36, business tycoon Mukesh Ambani is the sole Indian entry from the business world in Forbes' list of 'The World's Most Powerful People 2014'.
According to Forbes, "Our annual ranking of
... more 
Ranked at No. 36, business tycoon Mukesh Ambani is the sole Indian entry from the business world in Forbes' list of 'The World's Most Powerful People 2014'.
According to Forbes, "Our annual ranking of the World’s 72 Most Powerful People (one for every 100 million people on the planet) is based on voting by a panel of FORBES editors, who consider things like financial resources, scope and use of power, and the number of people they impact."
The other Indian entry in the list of powerful people, is Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who ranks at No. 15.
Click on next to see the 'World's 15 most powerful people in the world of Business, Finance and Economy'
(REUTERS/B Mathur/Files)

Asian Shares Mixed  Japan Extends GainsAsian Shares Mixed  Japan Extends Gains
Satellite may reveal thousands of planetsSatellite may reveal thousands of planets
Gold most expensive to silver since 2009 shows more pain comingGold most expensive to silver since 2009 shows more pain coming
Board of IRB Infrastructure Developers approves fund raising up to Rs 1500 croreBoard of IRB Infrastructure Developers approves fund raising up to Rs 1500 crore
IRB Infra consolidated Q2 profit climbs 14%IRB Infra consolidated Q2 profit climbs 14%
Despite electoral drubbing  Obama refuses to cede groundDespite electoral drubbing  Obama refuses to cede ground
Vizag too will have metro rail; to cover 30 km in first phaseVizag too will have metro rail; to cover 30 km in first phase
Ch R S Sarma
Sreedharan, Principal Advisor to AP Government on Metro Rail projects with VUDA in-charge Vice-Chairman MV Seshagiri Babu and Municipal Commissioner M Janaki in Visakhapatnam. - CV SUBRAHMANYAM
E. Sridharan, principal adviser to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation. (file photo)
Detailed project report soon
Visakhapatnam, Nov 4:  
The proposed Visakhapatnam metro rail project will cover 30 km in the first phase and the detailed project report will be prepared in a few months, according to E. Sridharan, principal adviser to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation.
Sridharan has also been appointed by the Andhra Pradesh Government as adviser to the three metro rail projects to be taken up in the State at Vijayawada, Visakhapatnam and Tirupati.
On Tuesday, he held a meeting with the officials of the Viskahapatnam Urban Development Authority (VUDA), the Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC), the AP Transport Department, railway officials and others to discuss the project. Earlier, Sreedharan had held a similar meeting with the officials in Vijayawada in September.
Later, he told reporters that "the Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister, Mr N Chandra Babu Naidu, is very keen on getting the two metro rail projects started at Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam and getting them completed in a span of three to four years. First, we have to prepare the DPRs for the two projects."
Project details
He said the proposed third metro rail project in the State would be taken up later after the completion of the projects. The idea was to take up Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam metro projects more or less simultaneously and finish them. The cost could also be reduced to an extent by 15 per cent or so, he added.
The Vizag metro would cover the railway station, central bus station and the business district. The Vijayawada metro would cover 27 km in the first phase. There was no need to link Guntur in the first phase.
He said special purpose vehicles would have to floated for both the metro rail projects. On the question of the project cost and which agency would take up the projects, he said these issues would have to decided later.
Sreedharan said in a lighter vein that though he was a former student of Andhra University he had not picked up enough Telugu to converse comfortably in the language. He later visited the railway station, bus station and other places in the city along with a team of experts and officials.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty hit record highs: HereswhyThe BSE Sensex crossed the 28,000-mark and the NSE Nifty hit a new peak of 8,363.65 in early trade on Wednesday on sustained FII fund
inflows.
Brokers attribute the sustained rally to a combination of global and local factors, which include rising optimism that the European Central Bank (ECB), which is scheduled to hold a review on November 9 when it could announce its stimulus programme to revive flagging growth in the Euro-zone. Some of this excess liquidity is expected to be headed India’s way, which is seen to be in a better position to attract capital flows as compared to other emerging market economies on the back of sharply improved fundamentals, a re-rating in valuations and a stable, reformist government at the helm.
Last Thursday, the Bank of Japan had announced plans to accelerate the purchase of government bonds to 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually, up by 30 trillion yen, which had sparked off a sustain rally in the equity markets in emerging economies as it comes at a time when
the US was looking for exiting its quantitative easing — or loose monetary — policy.
Among domestic factors, optimism over improved corporate earnings, the possibility of an interest rate cut in RBI’s upcoming December review
and a drop in global crude oil prices, which slipped to its lowest closing since October 2011, have improved sentiments further.
Earlier this week, global ratings agency Moody’s said that it may consider a ratings upgrade on India if inflation stays under control in the long term and the recent measures to boost growth and attract investments are implemented properly.
On Wednesday, the 30-share index surged by 141.57 points, or 0.50 per cent, to hit a new peak of 28,001.95, surpassing previous intra-day record of 27,969.82 achieved on Monday.
Foreign investors or FIIs have been the backbone of this massive rally that we have seen on the BSE Sensex. The index has rallied nearly 32
per cent so far in the year 2014, with FIIs having already pumped in $14bn into domestic equity capital markets this year.
With the Indian markets expected to see fresh inflows from Japan and possibly from Europe, foreign inflows into equities are likely to rise from the present $14 billion to an estimated 25 billion by 2014-15, according to projections.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty Sensex Record
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

World Trade Center: Tower opens for biz 13 years after 9/11New beginning: A security guard stands inside One World Trade Center. (Getty)
1 / 10

Govt to sell $2.8 bn stake in ONGC by early Dec: SourcesManoj Kumar and Devidutta Tripathy     New Delhi/Mumbai   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 18:05 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
The government is planning to sell a 5 per cent stake in state-owned energy explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) in the last week of November or the first week of December, two sources directly involved in the deal said on Wednesday.
The marketing roadshows for the ONGC share sale, worth about US $2.8 billion at current market price, are likely to start from November 17 and will last for about a week, said the sources, who spoke on conditions of anonymity as the details are not yet public.
"There is a plan to hold roadshows in the US, London and Singapore from November 17 to 23 to attract global investors," said one of the sources.
The share sale is part of the government's plan to raise a record $9.5 billion by selling assets during the 2014-15 financial year ending March 31, 2015 to help plug the country's fiscal deficit.
Aradhana Johri, secretary at the country's divestment department, which oversees government stake sale in state-owned companies, was not immediately available for a comment.
(Reuters)

CCI gets complaint against Flipkart  other e-retailersTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
Fair trade regulator CCI has received a complaint against online retailers including home-grown giant Flipkart for alleged unfair business practices and will soon take a call on probing the matter.
The complaint has been received against these online trading entities weeks after an uproar over Flipkart’s massive discount sale which had raised concerns of anti-competitive practices.
A senior official said that the Competition Commission of India (CCI) has received a complaint against online trading companies, including Flipkart, and a decision would be taken soon on whether the matter should be probed further.
The government had also said last month that it will look into the concerns and take a call on whether more clarity is required on e-commerce retail business, after concerns were raised about sale exercises undetaken by Flipkart and others.
Flipkart’s ‘Big Billion Day’ sale on October 6, that offered steep discounts on various products, had raised concerns among small and big traders that such campaigns would badly affect players in the traditional retail market.
“We have received many inputs. Lot of concerns have been expressed. We will look into it,” Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman had said at that time.
In recent times, many e-commerce portals have been coming out with steep discount sales.
Flipkart had said that its ‘Big Bilion Day’ sale saw 1.5 million people shopping at its portal. It also claimed that products worth over Rs 600 crore were sold in just 10 hours under the scheme.
Among others, traders body CAIT had demanded the Commerce and Industry Ministry take steps to monitor and regulate online businesses.
The Confederation of All India Traders had also sought a probe into the business model and trade practices of e-commerce companies to find out how they are offering huge discounts during the ongoing festive season.
TAGS: Cci Against Flipkart Competition Commission Of India Complaint Against Flipkart Flipkart News
More from companies

BSE Sensex breaches 28 000-pt mark for first time  closeslowerMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The BSE Sensex today breached the 28,000 level for the first time but ended a shade below at 27,915.88, its all-time closing peak, with gains of 55.50 points as banking and IT stocks rallied amid hopes of more reforms by government and a rate cut by the Reserve Bank.
The NSE Nifty also closed at record level of 8,338.30, gaining 14.15 points over the previous close. The 50-share index touched all-time intra-day high of 8,365.55 points, surpassing its previous record of 8,350.60 scaled on Monday.
During the day trade, the 30-share BSE Sensex scaled its fresh life-time high of 28,010.39 points, beating its previous record high of 27,969.82 reached on Monday.
“Market sentiment has been buoyed by a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently, followed by optimism over strong second quarter earnings by blue-chip companies”, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based stock broker.
Addressing business leaders at New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government was looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws.
Besides government accelerating economic reforms, falling global crude prices, that raised hopes of an early cut in rates by the Reserve Bank, bolstered sentiments that lifted key indices to new peaks, brokers said.
Banking stocks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI led the rally among Sensex stocks. Axis Bank rose the most by 2.93 per cent among 30 Sensex scrips, followed by SBI (2.24 per cent) and DR Reddy (2.24 per cent).
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Infosys, TCS and ITC were among major gainers that lifted the index to record high.
Stocks of state-run oil companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC hogged the liemlight and rose up to 2.37 per cent after global crude prices hit multi-year lows that would improve their margins.
However, Coal India, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, RIL, Hindalco and Tata Power were laggards on profit-booking.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net Rs 1,413.34 crore on Monday.
A mixed trend in the other Asian markets, a higher opening on the European markets on better corproate earnings, too influenced trading sentiments here, traders said.
“Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates,” Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Among the 30 Sensex components, 14 stocks advanced, while 16 ended in negative zone.
The Banking index gained the most by surging 1.41 per cent, followed by Healthcare by 1.01 per cent, IT index by 0.73 per cent, Capital Goods index by 0.57 per cent, FMCG index by 0.32 per cent and Auto index by 0.05 per cent.
However, Metal sector index slipped 3.03 per cent and Power index fell 0.91 per cent.
With continued improvement in trading sentiments, buying activity by retail investors also spread to small-cap and mid-cap stocks, brokers said.
Stock market will remain close tomorrow on account of “Gurunanak Jayanti”.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty Sensex Record
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

BSE Sensex breaks 28 000-pt mark barrier for first time  closes lowerMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The BSE Sensex today breached the 28,000 level for the first time but ended a shade below at 27,915.88, its all-time closing peak, with gains of 55.50 points as banking and IT stocks rallied amid hopes of more reforms by government and a rate cut by the Reserve Bank.
The NSE Nifty also closed at record level of 8,338.30, gaining 14.15 points over the previous close. The 50-share index touched all-time intra-day high of 8,365.55 points, surpassing its previous record of 8,350.60 scaled on Monday.
During the day trade, the 30-share BSE Sensex scaled its fresh life-time high of 28,010.39 points, beating its previous record high of 27,969.82 reached on Monday.
“Market sentiment has been buoyed by a slew of economic reforms undertaken by the government recently, followed by optimism over strong second quarter earnings by blue-chip companies”, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based stock broker.
Addressing business leaders at New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government was looking at areas like labour reforms, privatisation of some state-owned companies and improvement of land acquisition laws.
Besides government accelerating economic reforms, falling global crude prices, that raised hopes of an early cut in rates by the Reserve Bank, bolstered sentiments that lifted key indices to new peaks, brokers said.
Banking stocks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI led the rally among Sensex stocks. Axis Bank rose the most by 2.93 per cent among 30 Sensex scrips, followed by SBI (2.24 per cent) and DR Reddy (2.24 per cent).
ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Infosys, TCS and ITC were among major gainers that lifted the index to record high.
Stocks of state-run oil companies such as HPCL, BPCL and IOC hogged the liemlight and rose up to 2.37 per cent after global crude prices hit multi-year lows that would improve their margins.
However, Coal India, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, RIL, Hindalco and Tata Power were laggards on profit-booking.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net Rs 1,413.34 crore on Monday.
A mixed trend in the other Asian markets, a higher opening on the European markets on better corproate earnings, too influenced trading sentiments here, traders said.
“Markets consolidated post the recent rally in the markets, which has come about on the back of renewed optimism on fiscal reforms, sharp correction in crude prices, improved growth in US, liquidity easing by Japan and diminished possibilities of an immediate increase in US interest rates,” Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Among the 30 Sensex components, 14 stocks advanced, while 16 ended in negative zone.
The Banking index gained the most by surging 1.41 per cent, followed by Healthcare by 1.01 per cent, IT index by 0.73 per cent, Capital Goods index by 0.57 per cent, FMCG index by 0.32 per cent and Auto index by 0.05 per cent.
However, Metal sector index slipped 3.03 per cent and Power index fell 0.91 per cent.
With continued improvement in trading sentiments, buying activity by retail investors also spread to small-cap and mid-cap stocks, brokers said.
Stock market will remain close tomorrow on account of “Gurunanak Jayanti”.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty Sensex Record
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Ranbaxy Gets US Regulator Nod to Sell Cholesterol MedicineYou are here: Home Corporates
Ranbaxy Gets US Regulator Nod to Sell Cholesterol Medicine
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 05, 2014 23:56 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Drug firm Ranbaxy Laboratories has received approval from the US Food nad Drug Administration (FDA) for manufacturing and marketing Fenofibrate capsules used for lowering high cholesterol and triglyceride levels in the blood.
"Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd...has received approval from the U S Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) to manufacture and market Fenofibrate capsules USP, 43 mg and 130 mg," the company said in a statement.
"The product will be manufactured at Ohm Laboratories, in our US facility located in New Brunswick, New Jersey and launched immediately thereafter," Ranbaxy Inc trade sales vice president Dan Schober said.
As per IMS health September 2014 data, total annual market sales for Fenofibrate Capsules USP, 43 mg and 130 mg were $56 million, Ranbaxy Laboratories said.
"Fenofibrate Capsules are indicated for primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia. In addition, it is indicated for severe hypertriglyceridemia," it added.
Shares in Ranbaxy laboratories, on Wednesday, ended at Rs 654.15 apiece on the BSE, up 2.03 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 21:16 (IST)

http://usat.ly/1shR98nTop 20: Shoppers pile into trucks and SUVs
Chris Woodyard and Kelsey Mays, USA TODAY and Cars.com 4:22 p.m. EST November 5, 2014
It's our monthly countdown of the top-selling cars and trucks, this time of October. In 20th place, Nissan Rogue falls from 17th place. 
(Photo: Nissan, Wieck)
In 19th place, Jeep Grand Cherokee is new to the list from last month. 
(Photo: Jeep)
In 18th place, Hyundai Sonata also rises from out of the Top 20. 
(Photo: Hyundai)
In 17th place, the Jeep Cherokee is new to the list. 
(Photo: Jeep)
In 16th place, Ford  Explorer moves up from 18th. 
(Photo: Ford, Wieck)
In 15th place,  Chevrolet Equinox doesn't budge from the previous month. 
(Photo: Tom Drew)
In 14th place, 2014 GMC Sierra rises from 17th. 
(Photo: Alan Vanderkaay)
In 13th place, Toyota RAV4 fall from seventh. 
(Photo: Toyota)
In 12th place, Ford Fusion falls from 10th. 
(Photo: Ford)
In 11th place, Nissan Altima is unchanged from last month. 
(Photo: Nissan)
In 10th place, Honda Civic falls from eighth. 
(Photo: Honda, Wieck)
In ninth place, Chevrolet Cruze is up from 14th. 
(Photo: Chevrolet)
In eighth place, Ford Escape moves up from ninth 
(Photo: Ford, Wieck)
In seventh place, Toyota Corolla moves up from 12th place. 
(Photo: Toyota)
In sixth place, Honda Accord falls from fourth place. 
(Photo: Evan Sears, Cars.com)
The 2015 Honda CR-V is in fifth place, up from sixth place last month. 
(Photo: Honda)
In fourth place, the Toyota Camry moves up from fifth. 
(Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP)
Ram comes in third, unchanged from last month. 
(Photo: John M. Discher)
In second place, Chevrolet Silverado is same as it ever was on the listing. 
(Photo: Chevrolet)
In first place, the Ford F-150 is about to give way to a new aluminum truck. It's always first. 
(Photo: Ford)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay
The  Ford F-150 is in its last throes before going aluminum, but it was challenged in October.
(Photo: Ford)
23 CONNECT 53 TWEET LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
No doubt about it, Americans showed their love for trucks and SUVs in October.
It's a love affair being  encouraged by $3 gas in many areas and long, low-interest, lower-payment loans.
Twelve of the top 20 best-selling new vehicles in October, according to Autodata, were SUVs or pickups, generally thirstier and more expensive than comparable cars.
Full-size pickup sales gained 9.1% overall. Conversely, the Toyota Prius — ever the reliable indicator of popularity for fuel-sippers — fell 13.5%, and it failed again to make the top 20, even as Toyota threw more cash on the hood vs. year-ago levels.
5 things we learned from October auto sales
Nos. 1, 2 and 3 in the top 20 again were full-size pickups, with Chevrolet Silverado and Ram sales up 10.1% and 33.5% respectively. Throw in the sibling GMC Sierra (No. 14) and GM's total pickup sales were up about 10.8%. September's strong housing starts, which typically feed pickup sales, provided a boost, too, that may have kept the big trucks on top.
.
(Photo: George Petras/USA TODAY)
But the perennial sales leader, the Ford F-150, stayed on top with only a slight 0.6% decline, even though its main plant shut down more than a month ago to retool to build the 2014's new aluminum-bodied 2015 replacement.
"Ford is selling down the 2014 model year (truck) and getting ready for the new one," says Larry Dominique, executive vice president of TrueCar.
A pair of SUV stablemates, Jeep Cherokee and Grand Cherokee, along with the Hyundai Sonata, were the newcomers to the top 20 list for the month compared with the month before.
But while the all-new Sonata was down about 20% from a strong month a year ago, the Jeep Cherokee SUV — now in its first full year of sales — was Fiat Chrysler Automobile's second-best-selling vehicle, and big brother Grand Cherokee was FCA's, third-best-seller.
The Jeeps' success tracks with a lot of other SUVs. Consider sales of some models in the top 20 that weren't recently redesigned or refreshed. No. 8 Ford Escape was up 12%; No. 5 Honda CR-V (a mild refresh is only just now on sale) boomed 29.7%. Even the age-old Chevrolet Equinox (No. 15) gained 2.6%.
Cars that flew, cars that sat and picks for deals
Despite low gas prices, however, small cars weren't shut out, with two compacts breaking into the top 10 from the second 10 on the list last month. Toyota Corolla up from 12th place to 7th and Chevy Cruze — with a huge 51% sales increase from a year ago — moved from 14th to 9th place with no big shift in incentives or inventory.
Shoppers preferred the Cruze over the rival Ford Focus (down 9.1% and falling out of the top 20, though with decreased incentives) as well as the Honda Civic and Hyundai Elantra, which both fell double-digit percentages despite significantly more incentives.
Lower gas prices may have driven some of those compact-car shoppers toward bigger models: No. 4 Toyota Camry gained 13.8% as a restyled 2015 model hit dealerships, and the Honda Accord (6th), Nissan Altima (11th) and Ford Fusion (12th) each gained 5% or more.

Index review today: Bharat Forge  Bharti Infra may make it to MSCI IndiaBharat Forge, Bharti Infra may make it to MSCI India
By ET Bureau | 6 Nov, 2014, 12.44PM IST
Save precious time tracking your investments
When stock index provider MSCI announces the rejig of its indices on Thursday, it may add Bharat Forge and Bharti Infratel to its India index. MSCI India will have its semi-annual index review today.
According to Kotak Institutional Equities on upcoming ETF rebalancing, "Bharti Infratel has seen an increase in the free-float market capitalisation in recent times, this could result in it being added as a constituent in the benchmarks tracked by global ETFs. Bharat Forge can see incremental buying from the passive funds."
The new additions could lead to additional foreign institutional inflows of $85 million. Hero MotoCorp and Asian Paints are likely to show incremental ETF flow on account of the increase in their index weight.
On the other hand, the weightage assigned to HDFC Bank, M&M Financial Services and Godrej Consumer Products is likely to decline.
MSCI, in its last index review, had said HDFC Bank will be excluded from the index if the FII limit issue is not sorted out before November 2014. HDFC Bank currently has a weight of 1.91% in MSCI India.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Obama vows to  get the job done  with Republ...Barack Obama vows to 'get the job done' with Republicans
AP Nov 6, 2014, 10.02AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Obama said he heard the message…)
WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama and the incoming Republican Senate majority leader pledged Wednesday to find common ground and try to overcome Washington's chronic gridlock, while also warning of inevitable conflicts a day after sweeping Republican gains in midterm elections.
Obama said he heard the message from voters who on Tuesday put Republicans in power in the US Senate and extended their majority in the House of Representatives, in a clear repudiation of the president's leadership.
"There is no doubt that Republicans had a good night,'' the president said at the White House.
Obama said he is eager to hear Republican ideas for governing together, citing trade expansion and construction of roads, bridges and other facilities as areas ripe for cooperation. Republican Senate leader Mitch McConnell, who will become the Senate majority leader when the new Congress takes over in January, also said there was potential for agreement on trade pacts.
At the same time, Obama noted, ``Congress will pass some bills I cannot sign. I'm pretty sure I will take some actions that some in Congress will not like.''
Tuesday's vote gives Republicans momentum heading into the 2016 presidential race, which becomes the focus of American politics for the next two years. At issue now is whether Obama, congressional Democrats and the newly robust Republican majorities will be able to break the partisan fighting and legislative inaction that has gripped the US capital in recent years.
Immigration, which has been seen as potential point of agreement, immediately emerged as an early irritant.
Obama said that unless Congress takes action by the end of the year, he will order a reduction in deportations of working immigrants living in the country illegally.
He made his pledge a short while after McConnell warned that any executive action that Obama might take on immigration would only antagonize Republicans. He said the new Republican majority in the Senate wants to act on immigration.
``It's like waving a red flag in front of a bull to say if you guys don't do what I want I'm going to do it on my own,'' McConnell said at a news conference in Kentucky, where he won re-election.
McConnell said he spoke with Obama on Wednesday and says he looks forward to finding areas where Republicans and Democrats can agree, including rewriting the tax code.
Beyond that, he made it clear Congress will vote on legislation to approve the Keystone XL oil pipeline from Canada through the United States, and work to repeal portions of the health care law that stands as Obama's signature domestic accomplishment. He said a tax on medical devices and a mandate for individuals to purchase health insurance are Republican targets.
Obama ruled out ending the requirement for purchasing of health care, a part of the health law Republicans repudiate as a government overreach. But he pointedly did not reject repeal of the tax, which many Democrats as well as Republicans have already signaled they are ready to jettison.
Republicans are also expected to mount a major attack on federal deficits.
With lawmakers planning to return to Washington next week, Obama invited congressional leaders to a meeting Friday.
Obama could use the president's veto power if Republicans pass bills he opposes, such as a repeal of the health care law. Overriding a presidential veto requires a two-thirds vote in each chamber of Congress, an unlikely scenario.
McConnell has been a severe critic of Obama, but has also helped broker bipartisan deals that ended last year's government shutdown and twice averted federal default.
  He promised Wednesday that ``there will be no government shutdown or default on the national debt.'' Still, he said veto showdowns are also possible in the two-year era of divided government just ahead.
McConnell, 72 and famously taciturn, smiled and joked with reporters one day after the fulfillment of a lifelong dream. He and House Speaker John Boehner will have the authority to set the congressional agenda.
In an op-ed for Thursday's editions of The Wall Street Journal, McConnell and Boehner made their case for a Republican legislative agenda aimed at jobs and the economy. Their list of priorities for the 114th Congress included addressing the tax code, terrorism, school choice, government regulations, the national debt and other longtime targets that Republicans have been unable to strike during the Obama administration.
Republicans picked up at least seven Senate seats, giving them at least 52 in the 100-member Senate. They could gain two more in uncalled races in Alaska and Virginia, and a third in Louisiana, which headed for a Dec. 6 runoff.
Republicans had made Obama's presidency the core issue of their campaigns, even though he wasn't on the ballot. They tapped into a well of discouragement at a time many Americans are upset with a sluggish economic recovery and are besieged by troubling news, such as the spread of Ebola and the rapid rise of Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria.
Nearly two-thirds of voters interviewed after casting ballots said the US was seriously on the wrong track. Only about 30 per cent said the US was headed in the right direction.
In the House, Republicans were on track to meet or exceed the 246 seats they held during Democrat President Harry S. Truman's administration more than 60 years ago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LIC nets Rs 10 000 crore by taking bold contrarian stock callsLIC nets Rs 10,000 crore by taking bold contrarian stock calls
ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 08.36AM IST
Tags:
Bajaj Auto
(LIC’s mantra is simple:…)
In the game of stock picking, the largest local investor, LIC has been a contrarian. It's a bet that has paid off so far in the current bull run.
LIC's mantra is simple: buy shares of operationally sound companies that are caught in unfavourable business cycle and trading at a lower multiple. Based on the latest stock holdings, the state-owned insurer has gained almost Rs 10,000 crore in the past four quarters on back of its contrarian calls on scrips like BHEL and Axis Bank.
In both stocks, LIC raised its stake nearly 4% since December 2013 when several brokerages gave 'sell' call and even three months ago many were bearish about the stocks. "The biggest ability of LIC is to relate the current valuation and current business cycle of the operationally sound companies. When they find valuation of a stock is discounting current business cycle excessively, LIC buys the stock," said G Chokkalingam, Founder, Equinomics Research . "What works in favour of LIC is the duration of holding period for a stock. Being an insurance company, it can hold stock for 8-10 years. However, mutual funds do not have such flexibility as they are under pressure to outperform the benchmark index on a quarterly basis," he said.
The point LIC started buying BHEL, three out of four analysts covering the stock came out with 'sell' reports. Their reasons: a depleted order book and an operating profit margin that was 50% lower than the historical average; and, thanks to competition, things are unlikely to look up till FY16.
Similarly, investors dumped bank stocks as a tight money market had increased cost of borrowing.
Axis Bank, with high loan exposure to power and infrastructure companies, was among the stocks to suffer the most. A year ago, the private lender was trading at a discount of 45% to its 5-year average price-to-book multiple.
"The price plays a pivotal role in LIC's investment decision. If a stock looks attractive even after factoring earnings de-growth, it becomes a clear buy for an investor with longer investment horizon.
This is the reason why LIC is able to generate higher returns by picking up operationally sound stocks that are punished by the market badly due to their cyclical nature of business," said Amit Tiwari, portfolio manager at Escorts Securities .
Over the past few quarters, LIC has been consistently paring down its holding in IT stocks. But Infosys is an exception. Till September 2014, the stock had fared badly compared to its peers following adverse analyst reports.
But LIC had been quietly increasing stake in the company - from 3.25% in March 2014 to 4.45% in September 2014. During the same period, it raised its holdings in Bajaj Auto , NTPC and NMDC, which had underperformed in the past few months as most viewed the stocks differently than LIC.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets closed today for Gurunanak JayantiMarkets closed today for ‘Gurunanak Jayanti’
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 6:  
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), the National Stock Exchange (NSE), forex, money, bullion and oilseeds markets will remain closed today on account of “Gurunanak Jayanti”.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Indian-origin boy gets Intel funding for Bra...Braigo Labs
(Banerjee's Braille printer…)
CALIFORNIA: Shubham Banerjee , a 13year-old eighth grader, has probably become one of the youngest entrepreneurs to get venture capital funding. Indian origin Banerjee, based out of San Jose in California, has got funding from Intel Capital to develop a low-cost printer for the blind.
It was a flyer asking for donations for the blind that triggered Banerjee's interest in Braille in December last year. "When I asked my parents about how the blind read, they told me to Google it," quips Banerjee.
Marrying his love for building cars and planes using Lego blocks, Banerjee came up with a prototype for the Braille printer for his school science fair. This product was further developed based on the feedback that Banerjee got.
It was at Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco two months ago that Banerjee was told he will get funding for his startup Braigo Labs from Intel. "I was just trying to help people and did not know it will go so far," said Banerjee, who was born in Belgium.
Banerjee's parents have also been supporting him morally and financially on his startup quest. "He has smart people around him. We understand that to turn a project into a company takes more talent," said Rob Reuckert, managing director at Intel Capital, who will be advising Braigo going ahead.
His mother Malini is president of Braigo since Shubham is still a minor.His father Neil works for Kno, an education startup that Intel bought last year.Both were born in India and Banerjee's extended family still lives in the country where he makes summer trips.
Now Braigo Labs will use the undisclosed amount of funding from the venture capital arm of world's largest chipmaker Intel to roll out a better prototype and develop more products for the visually impaired. Braigo Labs' Braille printer is expected to cost $350-500 (Rs 21,000-30,000), as compared to the usual price of $2,000.
The printer is expected to find a lot of traction in developing markets due to its low cost and be used for education, teaching and home purposes.
But with funding, Banerjee does not have any plans to drop out of school. "I am going to finish high school and then go to college," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MNREGA: Gadkari wants to change key ratio; 80% states not following it anywayUnion minister for rural development Nitin Gadkari proposed many broad changes in the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act in September.
 
The revisions ordered in the rural job guarantee programme — popularly known as MNREGA — included alteration of the ‘labour wage:material cost' ratio from 60:40 to 51:49.
 
Several economists have opposed this change and a debate is on. A look at data shows this debate may be pointless because many states are following their own ratio regardless of the Centre’s plan. 
 
What's this ratio?
 
The 'labour wage: material cost' ratio determines how much a labourer gets out of every rupee spent by the government in MNREGA projects. For example, if Rs. 100 is required to employ one worker per day, then, according to the 60:40 ratio, Rs. 60 will go to the labourer as wage and Rs. 40 will be used to buy materials for him to work.  
 
What's the debate?
 
Gadkari's proposal to change the ratio from 60:40 to 51:49 saw 28 economists jointly send a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi asking him not to dilute the act.
 
They opposed the change in ratio, arguing there was no evidence it would increase productivity.
 
Gadkari countered, in an interview to the Indian Express, “It (the decision) has been taken keeping Parliament in confidence and all parties have supported it. We wish to spend the money constructively and we need to do some value addition. After all, it’s government money.”
 
HT looked at the MNREGA data for 2014-15 and found 23 of India’s 29 states are not adhering to the existing 60:40 ratio.
 
Considering the pan-Indian scale in which the MNREGA is implemented, it is probably not possible to maintain this ratio accurately.  So, our analysis has an error margin of 5 percentage points.
 
Flouting by huge margin
 
The 23 states which flout the ratio have compromised hugely on material cost by increasing the labour wage to alarming levels.
 
For instance, the labour:material ratio in Tamil Nadu stands at 98:2 for 2014-15. It means that only 2% of the MNREGA budget has gone for procuring materials and the rest were all given out as wages. Another state which flouts this rule by a huge margin is Kerala where the ratio is 97:3. 
 
This suggests really low asset creation.
 
When asked whether states such as Tamil Nadu and Kerala have crossed the line, Abhiroop Mukhopadhyay of Indian Statistical Institute argued, "I would make it just like Tamil Nadu. I am indeed happy that some states have realised the importance (like TN) and use the money for labour payments."
 
The list of those straying from the existing labour:material ratio can be accessed here:
Is this debate needed?
 
With 80% of states deviating from Centre’s norm, why are left and right economists fighting over the ratio, which gets implemented only on paper and not on the field?
 
Mukhopadhyay concedes data proves the debate is pointless, but is quick to drive home his point of view.  
 
"I find the requirement to build productive assets a complete diversion of the main aim of the scheme, which is to give dole to unskilled labour since they cannot find work elsewhere."
 
Dr Kaustav Banerjee of the Jawaharlal Nehru University, however, differs.
 
"The MNREGA was designed to 'create sustainable assets' apart from guaranteeing employment. There are two things here, 'create', which could strictly be read to mean new assets, and 'sustainability'. New assets are not always necessary and hence the MNREGA could be used to renew/fortify older assets in which case the ratio of labour would be much higher than the prescribed ratio."
 
If the NDA government wants to improve productivity by increasing the ratio of material cost, then it must find a way to make states fall in line.

Coimbatore industries urge TNERC to defer tariff revisionCoimbatore industries urge TNERC to defer tariff revision
R Yegya Narayanan
D Balasundaram (third left), President, Tamil Nadu Electricity Consumers’ Association (TECA), at a meeting with 25 industrial associations on the proposed tariff hike in Coimbatore on Wednesday. - S. SIVA SARAVANAN
Coimbatore, Nov 5:  
Industry associations in Coimbatore have requested the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC) to defer taking any decision on revision of power tariff now as it would have to again take up the revision process in a few weeks.
They also feel that any move to revise the power tariff now would snuff out the nascent revival of industries in the region.
Speaking to newsmen in Coimbatore on Wednesday evening after chairing a meeting of about 25 industry associations to discuss the power tariff revision proposal, D Balasundaram, President, Tamil Nadu Electricity Consumers’ Association (TECA), said the TNERC had taken up suo motu the issue of tariff revision since the TANGEDCO had failed to initiate the process. He said the stakeholders were given neither sufficient data nor time to go through any claim made for tariff revision and the process has been sought to be rushed through.
He conceded that the power tariff could be revised every year based on valid factors and the industry associations were not questioning that. But they wanted the tariff revision issue to be deferred since the tariff revision process would have to start afresh in the coming weeks so as to be given effect from April 1, 2015. Rather than revising the electricity tariff now, that would be in force for about four months only, the regulatory authority could wait for the fresh revision process to be completed for implementation from April 1, he argued.
Balasundaram said the TANGEDCO would have to submit its case for any tariff revision to be implemented from April 1 next year before the month-end. In case of any failure on its part, TNERC would have to kick-start the process before December 31. In view of this, he felt that the regulator need not rush through the revision process now, as it would be in effect for just about four months.
Asked what remedy the industry associations here would seek in case the TNERC went ahead with announcing its decision on tariff revision now, he said they were not in favour of adopting a confrontationist stance. But he hinted that the industries might go in appeal against any such decision by the TNERC.
The TECA President said to bridge the gap of about Rs 7,000 crore in its revenue, TANGEDCO should look at a basket of proposals, of which tariff revision should be a part. He said the power tariff in Tamil Nadu was amongst the highest in the country. Instead of utilising fully the State’s wind energy potential, which was the cheapest source of power, the State was scouting for power from other sources at a much higher cost. The interest cost suffered by TANGEDCO was the highest among the electricity boards and many times more than States such as Maharashtra, Gujarat and AP, he said.
He also raised the question of appropriateness of two members of TNERC, who were retired employees of TANGEDCO, deciding on the issue of tariff revision as TANGEDCO was an interested party in the issue. When the consumers were already reeling under the impact of load shedding and demand recession, the tariff hike had come as a shocker. He feared that if the proposed tariff hike was implemented for industrial consumers, energy charges would go up by nearly 31 per cent and demand charges would spike up by 17 per cent. With other levies, the hike would be much steeper.
Balasundaram said while the State electricity board had not added appreciable generation capacity as compared to States such as Maharashtra, Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh, the number of employees was far higher. While in Tamil Nadu the number of employees per million KWHrs (units) of power was 1.27, in Karnataka it was 0.83 and in Maharashtra, a bigger and more industrialised State, it was lesser still at 0.64. The State also suffered higher transmission and distribution losses compared to some of these States. By plugging revenue and power losses, the board would be able to boost its finances and need not have to depend entirely on tariff revision to present a healthier balance sheet, he said.
Jayakumar Ramdas, Chairman, Institute of Indian Foundrymen, Coimbatore chapter, said the foundry sector in Coimbatore had lost out to its rivals outside the State earlier because of problems such as an acute power shortage. The stabilisation of power supply had renewed hopes that the industry would be able to win back lost market share. But the threat of an upward revision of power tariff had shaken such hopes.
The meeting was attended, among others, by V Lakshminarayanasamy, President, Southern India Engineering Manufacturers’ Association (Siema), and E K Ponnuswamy, President, Coimbatore District Small Industries’ Association (Codissia).
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

US has offered Iran framework for nuclear deal: ObamaUS has offered Iran ‘framework’ for nuclear deal: Obama
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Nov 6:  
US President Barack Obama today said that the country has proposed a “framework” that can help Iran meet its nuclear energy needs and the prospects of a comprehensive deal with the country over its nuclear programme should become clear in the next 3-4 weeks.
“Whether we can actually get a deal done, we’re going to have to find out over the next three to four weeks. We have presented to them a framework that would allow them to meet their peaceful energy needs,” Obama told reporters at a White House news conference.
Referring to the frequent statements from the Iranian leadership that they don’t want to develop a nuclear a weapon, Obama said: “If that is, in fact, true, then they’ve got an avenue here to provide that assurance to the world community, and in a progressive, step-by-step, verifiable way, allow them to get out from under sanctions so that they can re-enter as full-fledged members of the international community.”
Civilian nuclear programme
The West has accused Iran of attempting to develop a nuclear weapon under the guise of a civilian nuclear programme, while Tehran argues that its nuclear development is aimed purely at meeting the country’s growing energy needs and achieving other peaceful goals.
Obama said the unprecedented sanctions imposed by US-led international community has crippled Iran’s economy.
“We have been able to freeze their programme, in some cases reduce the stockpile of nuclear material that they already had in hand. The discussions, the negotiations have been constructive,” he said.
“I’ve said consistently that I’d rather have no deal than a bad deal — because what we don’t want to do is lift sanctions and provide Iran legitimacy but not have the verifiable mechanisms to make sure that they don’t break out and produce a nuclear weapon,” Obama said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Burkina Faso: Nigeria  Senegal  Ghana presidents press for civilianrulePrint
Burkina Faso Lt. Col. Issac Yacouba Zida, center, leaves a government building after meeting with political leaders in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, Tuesday, Nov. 4, 2014. International envoys tried Tuesday to resolve Burkina Faso's political crisis, with the specter of a power vacuum looming after the country's longtime president fled last week. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Ouagadougou | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:59 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 1:12 pm
Diplomats pressing Burkina Faso’s military ruler to return the country to civilian rule said Wednesday they are seeking names of people who could serve as interim head of state until elections are held.
The presidents of Nigeria, Senegal and Ghana are in Burkina Faso to mediate after the African Union gave Burkina Faso’s military a two-week deadline to hand over power or face sanctions that could cripple the landlocked, desperately poor country.
In a sign of growing tensions, though, a meeting that brought together the political opposition and others descended into chaos.
Burkina Faso’s president of 27 years, Blaise Compaore, stepped down Friday amid mounting opposition to his bid to seek yet another term in office. Compaore never identified a potential successor and his departure has created a power vacuum in which at least three people have tried to take over control of the country in the past week.
Opposition members and other activists stormed out of Wednesday’s meeting shouting “We don’t agree!” after some from the former ruling party showed up for the session.
“We can’t sit in the same room as those who are to blame for the deaths of the victims whose bodies we have not yet even buried,” said Mathias Tankoano, a human right activist and member of the civil society delegation. “They should be prosecuted for the deaths and for acts against the constitution that have resulted in violence in our country.”
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon backed the mediation effort by the three presidents and reiterated his call for “an inclusive dialogue” to continue, U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said.
The U.N. chief encourages all parties to reach an agreement for a peaceful civilian-led transition as soon as possible, he said.
Dujarric said a joint mission of the African Union, U.N., and the regional bloc known as ECOWAS is continuing consultations with all parties and other forces “to ensure a democratic civilian-led transition in Burkina Faso.” He said the mission “will continue its efforts to help resolve the crisis in line with the national constitution.”
The U.N. Security Council expressed “full support” for the joint mission and urged Burkina Faso’s security forces to hand over power to a civilian-led transition and take immediate steps to restore constitutional order without delay.
In a press statement late Wednesday, the council called on all parties to collaborate continued…

No smooth ride for Nifty  it may eat returns in next 1 yr: Bonanzabeneficiary
("The momentum may not continue…)
The present momentum may not continue for the Indian markets as interest rates are going to be raised in the US next year and the RBI may not cut rates before FY16. So we can expect significant volatility. The Nifty can give no or negative returns in the next 1 year, says Yogesh Nagaonkar, VP: Institutional Equities, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd in an exclusive interview with Kshitij Anand of EconomicTimes.com. Excerpts:
Q) The Indian markets managed to hit fresh record highs in October itself. Do you think the momentum is likely to continue? If yes, what is your target for the Sensex and the Nifty for Dec-end and for the next 12 months?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: The momentum may not continue as interest rates are going to be raised in the US next year. The RBI is not going to cut rates before FY16. So we can expect significant volatility. The Nifty can give no or negative returns in the next 1 year.
Q) The US Federal Reserve might have done away with QE, but Japan has already started its own rounds of quantitative easing and Europe is expected to join soon. Do you think India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue? If yes, then why?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: The QE of Europe and Japan is very small compared to that of the US and it can have a short-term positive impact on the Indian markets only and not a sustained one. We are not hopeful about any new fund flow into India from these economies.
Q) What is going on with the rupee? The Indian currency is near its two-week low on the back of strong dollar. Where do you see the currency headed in the near term?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: The dollar is going to strengthen further and we would not be surprised if the dollar reaches 65 vs the rupee in the near term.
Q) What do you think will be the next big trigger for the markets? Will it be reforms, interest rate cut or the Budget that will drive the next wave for the markets?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: The Budget will be the next big trigger for the Indian market. If the next Budget fails to live up to the expectations of the market, then the market will react negatively. Not any significant reforms have been seen from the Modi government as of yet and the market will be disappointed if they don't bring big reforms like GST.
Q) The Indian economy is already showing signs of recovery, inflation is falling and the government has already pushed some big bang reforms and more are in the offing. Keeping all that in mind, where do you see FII investment in equities for this fiscal?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: The only big reform the government has taken is the deregulation of diesel and that is because crude oil prices are favourable. Inflation is coming down & economy has shown signs of turnaround, but the market has risen by 40% since the last 1.5 years. We have to wait for 2 quarterly earnings to say if valuations justify this rally. FII inflows will taper on the back of ending of bond-buying program by the US. We can end the year at around $20b.
Q) Give any five stock ideas which are low value, but have a lot of potential in the coming years and why?
 
Yogesh Nagaonkar: We like Unitech, Suzlon, Reliance Communications, GMR Infrastructure, and DLF because of debt restructuring program. As the market has improved, these companies will be able to raise money and reduce their debt. These stocks are highly undervalued & will see huge buying once they are able to reduce their debt.
Q) Which are the sectors to bet on as the markets hit record high? And, the sectors where one should be book some profits or go underweight on?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: We are betting on real estate, cement, capital goods, and IT. The new government is giving emphasis on building new cities, and the real estate sector will benefit from it. The construction & cement sectors will also benefit from it. The IT sector will continue to perform because of improving US economy & a weak rupee. One can book profits in the pharma & PSU spaces.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analyst's own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty closed today for  Gurunanak JayantiSensex, Nifty closed on account of 'Gurunanak Jayanti'
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 6, 2014, 08.42AM IST
Tags:
NEW DELHI: Indian stock market will remain shut on Thursday, 06th November on account of public holiday . Equity, forex and money market will remain closed on account of Gurunanak Jayanti .
At 08:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 56.50 points higher at 8,394.
The Nifty extended its winning streak for sixth consecutive session on Wednesday and closed at an all-time high as inflows continued on hopes of pick-up in economic growth in coming quarters.
The 50-share index ended at an all-time closing high of 8,338.30, up 14.15 or 0.17 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 8,365.55 and an intraday low of 8,323.50.
The S&P BSE Sensex ended at all-time closing high of 27,889.41, up 29.03 points or 0.10 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 28,006.60 and an intraday low of 27,886.50.
Present upside momentum still appears strong and may remain so till the time Nifty trades above the level of 8290. Only a move below 8290 may signal further correction till 8220 to 8200 range, say experts.
"However, the index has a key support placed at 8170 and as long as 8170 is respected as a support despite any correction the present move may even extend till 8460," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"The level of 8460 is the resistance offered by the upper band of an advancing Channel it has been trading in since May 2014 till date. Only a move below 8170 would signal weakness," added the report.
Overnight, U.S. stocks ended higher with both the S&P 500 and Dow advancing to records, after Republicans took control of the Senate, allaying fears of drawn-out runoffs and raising investor hopes for more business- and energy-friendly policies.
A stronger-than-expected report on the labor market also helped lift stocks, but some weak tech sector earnings weighed on the Nasdaq, Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 100.69 points, or 0.58 percent, to 17,484.53, the S&P 500 gained 11.47 points, or 0.57 percent, to 2,023.57 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 2.92 points, or 0.06 percent, to 4,620.72.
Asian shares were trading mixed. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.36 per cent higher at 16,996 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.23 per cent lower at 23,641.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.14 per cent higher at 1,933 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.60 per cent lower at 2,404.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Parrikar as defence minister Answer in Modi s cabinet rejig soonModi's cabinet reshuffle likely on Sunday; Parrikar may get defence
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi , November 06, 2014
First Published: 11:23 IST(6/11/2014) | Last Updated: 16:48 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will likely reshuffle and expand his council of ministers on Sunday, with Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar tipped to get the key defence portfolio and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi set to return as a cabinet minister.
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar (L) took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. (Sameer Sehgal/HT File Photo)
TV channels reported Thursday morning that Modi met President Paranab Mukherjee amid the cabinet rejig buzz.
The long-awaited revamp of the team that has ruled India since late May will lighten the burden on some ministers, who hold more than one portfolio, and give the Prime Minister a chance to promote high achievers, while getting rid of a few who have failed to keep pace, government and BJP sources said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, who holds additional charge of the defence portfolio, had said early in his tenure that this was a temporary arrangement. The 58-year-old chief minister flew to Delhi early on Wednesday, after cancelling a meeting of his state cabinet, and met BJP chief Amit Shah and Modi.
“The Prime Minister did not talk about my joining the Cabinet; we discussed Goa issues,” he said, after meeting Modi. The likely move of the well-regarded chief minister to Delhi will leave the BJP with a big hole to plug in Goa, and party leaders were in discussions about his replacement.
However, Parrikar, who is tipped to be the defence minister, told ANI that he did not have a discussion on the issue. "Why put the horse before cart?" the news agency quoted him as saying.
I haven't had a discussion yet,why put the horse before cart: Manohar Parrikar on reports of joining Union Cabinet pic.twitter.com/C4aPHrSIYz
— ANI (@ANI_news) November 6, 2014
Naqvi, who was minister of state in the Vajpayee government, is likely to become minister in charge of statistics and planning, the sources said. His entry will provide the Cabinet another prominent Muslim face, after minority affairs minister Najma Heptullah.
Jayant Sinha, who holds a Harvard MBA and is the son of for mer finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is likely to be inducted as minister of state (MoS), either in the defence or finance ministry. Nirmala Sitharaman may be promoted from MoS to Cabinet minister, likely in charge of the commerce and industry ministry, and give up her current additional role as MoS in the finance ministry.
Haryana leader Birender Singh, who had crossed over from the Congress to the BJP ahead of the Haryana Assembly election, is understood to be in contention for a berth in the council of ministers. He is likely to get independent charge of a ministry.
BJP’s youth wing chief Anurag Thakur, a Lok Sabha MP from Himachal Pradesh, and Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, who was instrumental in uncovering the coal block scam, are other probable candidates.
Bihar MPs Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a Brahmin, and Giriraj Singh, a Bhumihar, are also aid to be serious contenders for a place in the council of ministers. MPs from Uttarakhand and West Bengal may miss the bus again, said sources. Modi is understood to be considering lightening the burden of some ministers holding more than one portfolio.
Ravi Shankar Prasad (law, communication & IT), Prakash Javadekar (I&B and environment), Nitin Gadkari (rural development, road transport & highway, panchayati raj and drinking water) and Piyush Goyal (power, coal, new and renewable energy) are among the ministers who hold multiple portfolios. Speculation is also rife about changes in Rail Bhawan and in Krishi Bhawan. Given the PM’s motto of “minimum government, maximum governance”, the sources ruled out any large scale expansion. Modi’s present team includes 22 cabinet ministers and an equal number of MoS.

Opinion: On Reforms  Jaitley is no DhoniInfosys CEO Vishal Sikka Outlines Strategy in First Press Conference
(MK Venu is Executive Editor of Amar Ujala publications group)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has hinted at a transformational budget in February 2015 for which the Finance Ministry has begun preparing already. However, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has sought to clarify that the term "transformational" does not necessarily mean what impatient stock market investors describe wistfully as "Big Bang Reforms".
These reforms are essentially like hitting sensational Dhoni-like helicopter shots. For the economy, these would translate into things like the privatisation of all PSUs and government-owned banks, introducing at one stroke hire-and-fire provisions in labour reforms, removing all subsidies which "distort the market" and so on. In short, it encompasses everything that the South Mumbai financial market elite and India-focused global investors have been self-righteously demanding for decades.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, however, wants to temper their expectations as budget preparations begin. Jaitley told the business delegates gathered at the CII-World Economic Forum event in Delhi on Wednesday not to expect "sensational reforms".
The Finance Minister virtually admitted that things must necessarily happen at a different pace in complex developing societies like India with many-layered socio economic realities.
Significantly, both Modi and Jaitley are trying to signal that "transformational" change can also be somewhat gradual in complex societies. Jaitley is being very cautious because he knows he should not irrationally heighten the expectations of global and domestic investors. For instance, he was very candid at the CII-WEF event and stated upfront that labour reforms would require a consensus among all political constituencies. He further clarified that India is in support of the trade facilitation agreement at the WTO, but not at the cost of compromising India's food procurement from farmers.
It is interesting that even with 282 seats in Parliament, both Modi and Jaitley have adopted a very cautious approach. The reason for this is nor far to seek. The broader Sangh Parivar, under the leadership of the RSS, has strong views on how India's political economy must evolve. Like the National Advisory Council (NAC) guided the Congress-led UPA, the Sangh Parivar outfits guide the Modi government.
Last fortnight, some key union ministers were called for a meeting by the RSS top brass to discuss critical policy issues. The meeting was called for better coordination between Sangh Parivar affiliates like Swadeshi Jagran Manch, Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS) and the Bhartiya Kisan Sangh which was founded by the much revered RSS stalwart, late Dattopant Thengadi.
The most interesting feature to note about the NDA under Modi, as opposed to the one under Atal Bihari Vajpayee, is the kind of organic coordination with the RSS that exists on all critical matters pertaining to the political economy. This is happening probably because the relationship Modi enjoys with RSS Chief Mohan Bhagwat is more intellectually intimate than the one Vajpayee probably had with K. Sudarshan who was appointed the RSS Chief in 1999.
The larger point is there is far more functional synergy between the BJP and the RSS today than existed in 1999. For instance, under Vajpayee, the RSS leadership had a tense and unpredictable interaction with the Prime Minister's Office. This was especially true in the way the Sangh Parivar saw the all-powerful Principal Secretary Brajesh Mishra, who defied the RSS by making a serious attempt at the privatisation of profitable public sector oil companies like IOC and HPCL. Of course, Brajesh Mishra and the then divestment minister Arun Shourie were eventually halted in their tracks.
Recently, Modi addressed his party MPs and outlined a special funding programme where all legislators would adopt villages for holistic development on the lines envisioned by Gandhi, Lohia and Jayaprakash Narayan. He held up as an example the rural development model practically implemented by RSS stalwart Nanaji Deshmukh who had created such a village in Chitrakoot and named it after Jayaprakash Narayan and his wife.
It may be pertinent to note that all the thinkers/ideologues Modi is invoking - Gandhi, Lohia, Jayaprakash Narayan - were clearly not comfortable with aggressive capitalist models of growth. In fact they all tried to evolve indigenous and socially inclusive ways of doing things. This indeed is a critical DNA component of the Sangh Parivar's thinking. But in a modern, inter-dependent world, the Sangh Parivar must necessarily grapple with India's inevitable engagement with global capitalism. And between these two streams of ideologies could arise what Marxists describe as "antagonistic contradictions".
The key challenge for Modi and Jaitley will be to manage these contradictions.
Disclaimer: The opinions expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability, or validity of any information on this article. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing in the article do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.
 

Financial Technologies (India) enters into share purchase agreementFinancial Technologies (India) enters into share purchase agreement
Govt. sincere in providing power to all: Piyush GoyalGovt. sincere in providing power to all: Piyush Goyal
Obama defiant after election defeatObama defiant after election defeat
New protests over missing MexicansNew protests over missing Mexicans
Gold prices flat in Asia as investors pause from sharp selloffGold prices flat in Asia as investors pause from sharp selloff
40 years have passed  the Nirma girl still endearsHi Guest
40 years have passed, the Nirma girl still endears
Image: The Nirma University. Photograph: Kind Courtesy, Wikimedia Commons The Nirma girl won’t be revived in its advertisements for emotional reasons, note Sohini Das and Sayantani Kar. A little girl in a frilly white dress twirls her way into a pack of detergent, to the tune of a catchy jingle. Together with the Liril girl cavorting under a waterfall and Amul’s plump little moppet, the Nirma girl remains one of the most enduring images from the television ads of the eighties. The ...

SIAM defends Maruti and Nissan  says cars meet Indian safety normsSIAM defends Maruti and Nissan, says cars meet Indian safety norms
PTI  New Delhi, November 04, 2014
First Published: 22:37 IST(4/11/2014) | Last Updated: 22:47 IST(4/11/2014)
Comments
Stating that car makers in India meet the country's safety norms, auto industry body SIAM on Tuesday defended Maruti Suzuki and Nissan, which had failed crash tests conducted by Global NCAP on their Swift and Datsun GO models, respectively.
Lashing out at Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, for "scaremongering", SIAM director general Vishnu Mathur said: "Every country has its own safety requirements. Our cars are meeting safety norms set by the government."
He further said the protocol followed by Global NCAP was not designed for India and tests must be conducted based on the conditions in the country. Even in a developed market like Europe, crash test is done at a speed of 56 kmph and not at 64 kmph as done by Global NCAP.
"Our average speed in India is far lower. To say that a particular car hasn't met its (Global NCAP) test is nothing but scaremongering," Mathur said.
"There is no data to prove that a particular car is dangerous based on how many occupants have been killed in accidents," he said, adding the Global NCAP had issued a test result based on just a crash test.
He said India is already working on road safety regulations, based not just on crash tests but after considering overall safety-related issues.
Mathur also defended the companies stating that they have not "duped consumers".
"None of these companies have ever claimed that their models are 5-star rated on safety. The consumers are aware what they are buying. What Global NCAP should be doing is to spread awareness on safety and encourage customers to buy cars with all safety features, even if they come at a higher cost," he said.
On Monday, Global NCAP had said Maruti Suzuki India's popular hatchback Swift and Nissan's Datsun GO have failed crash tests showing "high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection".
"These risks would be significantly reduced if the cars had to comply with the UN test regulation for frontal and side impact," Global NCAP had said in a statement.
Both Maruti Suzuki and Nissan had stated they fully conformed to all the regulations that are presently applicable in India.

As it Happened: MLA Constituency development fund increased to Rs. 1.5 croreEtela Rajender presents Telangana's maiden budget
12:41 Government examines issue of regularising contract employees.
12:40 Rs. 1,000 crore earmarked for weaker section housing scheme comprising two bed room flats.
12:39 Constituency development programme fund increased from Rs. 1 crore to Rs. 1.5 crore. Rs. 234 crore allocated for this purpose.
12:38 Rs. 90 crore for sports stadium and modernisation of sports facilities across the state.
12:37 Rs. 100 crore earmarked for Godavari pushkaralu.
Govt announces Rs. 100 crore development plan for temple town of Yadagirigutta.
Rs. 60 crore for infrastructure development in tourism destinations and circuits.
12:36 Rs. 11 crore earmarked for Samskrutika Sarangi to spread awareness about government programmes through cultural artists.
12:35 Tourism and culture gets a fillip. Telangana Kala Bhavan to come up in 11 acres near India Park in Hyderabad. Telangana kala Bhavan and kaloji cultural centre in warangal get Rs. 15 crore allocation.
12:34 Rs. 1,000 crore investment in TSGENCO under state plan.
12:33 Rs. 3,241 crore allocated to energy sector, which includes Rs. 3000 crore in subsidy.
12:32 Corpus fund of Rs. 300 crore for Herita Haram scheme to raise 230 crore trees in next four years. Forest college gets 10 crore.
12:31 Journalists in Telanagana to get health cards. Rs. 10 crore allotted for construction of Journalist Bhavan.
12:30 Telangana government signs MoU with Chattaisgarh for supply of 1000 MW
12:29 NTPC to set up 4000 MW plant at Ramagundam
12:28 BHEL to set up thermal plants with a capacity of 6000 MW.
12:27 20,000 MW power to be added in next 5 years.
12:26 TSRTC gets 400 crore for procuring 1000 new buses.
12:25 All roads connecting Mandala headquarters to District headquarters to be made into double lane roads at a cost of Rs. 400 crore.
12:24 Power loom weavers to get one lakh loan waiver.
12:23 Rs. 19.30 crore incentive for SC entrepreneurs to set up industries.
12:22 Telangana government plans to link research institutes academia and industry in and around Hyderabad under the umbrella of research and innovation circle of Hyderabad (RICH).
12:21 NIMZ has potential to attract investments of Rs. 40,000 crore and employment for 3 lakh people and support 4.5 lakh people indirectly.
12:20 Major national project as part of national investment, and manufacturing zone to come up in Medak district spread over 12,365 acres.
12:19 Rs. 90 crore for ITIR projects in Hyderabad.
12:18 Land bank to be set up in five lakh acres For establishment of industries. Telangana industrial infrastructure corporation to overlook land allocation. Rs. 100 crore allocated for providing facilities in the land.
12:17 Chasing cell established at CMO to ensure faster clearance of industrial approvals on day-to-day basis.
12:16 Industrial growth picked up to reach 2.7 per cent against 0.9 per cent growth last year.
12:15 Health university to come up at Warangal
12:14 Rs. 42 crore set apart for upgradation of 42 area hospitals in the state.
Additional 40 crore budget to strengthen eye, mental, chest and ENT hospitals.
Medical college buildings to get Rs. 152 crore.
12:13 Health sector gets Rs.2,282 crore.
Gandhi and Osmania hospitals provided Rs. 100 crore each. Maternity hospital in Hyderabad to get Rs. 50 crore. Nil outré and King Koti hospitals given Rs. 30 crore and Rs. 25 crore each.
12:12 Rs. 25 crore earmarked to provide improvised education from KG to PG.
Rs. 940 crore for setting up model schools at mandal level. Technical education gets Rs. 212 crore. IIIT Basara gets Rs. 119 crore.
12:11 Rs. 100 crore allocated for one time supply of LPG connections to poor women.
12:10 Rs. 1,317 crore earmarked for payment of pensions to aged and widows. Pension amount enhanced to Rs. 1,000 per month for aged and widows under the Asara pension scheme. Disabled to get Rs. 1,500 per month. Rs. 367 crore for disabled pensions.
12:09 Rs. 1,003 crore for women and child welfare schemes.
12:08 Rs. 330 crore for Kalyanalaxmi scheme in which a newly-weded woman gets 51,000.
12:07 Government earmarks Rs. 7,579 crore and Rs. 4,559 crore respectively for SC and ST sub plans. Rs. 2,022 crore for welfare backward classes. Rs. 1,030 crore for minorities welfare.
12:06 Tribal museum and memorial for Gond martyr Kumram Bheema to be set up at Jodeghat in Adilabad district.
12:05 Government plans suitable provision for development of fisheries sector.
12:04 Rs. 1000 crore earmarked for distributing land to landless SC families.
12:03 Tribal sub plan raised 9.34 per cent amount to 4461 crore in the budget. Tribals hamlets to be upgraded to gram panchayats. Schemes to be formulated on the lines of ITDAs for tribals living in plain areas.
12:02 Govt committed to provide Rs.50,000 crore for welfare of SCs in next five years. Social welfare department renamed as SC welfare department.
12:01 Government allots 16.30 crore as incentive give to milk producers. Rs. 4 per litre incentive for those supplying milk to Vijaya Dairy, a govt-run dairy.
12:00 Govt announces Rs. 20 crore power subsidy for poultry farmers. 1.5 lakh tonnes of maize supplied to poultry farmers at subsidised rates of Ra 10 per kg.
11:59 Government to give 100 per cent subsidy to SC/ ST farmers, 90 per cent to small and marginal farmers 80 per cent to others for setting up drip irrigation projects. Rs. 250 crore allocated for this purpose.
11:58 State to promote drip irrigation in 1.36 lakh acres.
11:57 Green house farming to be promoted in 1000 acres around Hyderabad in pilot basis to cultivate exotic and unseasonal vegetables at a cost of Rs. 200 crore. Government to extend 75 per cent subsidy to set up green houses.
11:56 Government decides to consolidate agricultural land holdings to make farming prices utile and intensive.
11:55 Government proposes to make Telanagana as seed bowl of the country.
Rs. 100 crore allocated for farm mechanisation.
Rs. 20 crore earmarked for crop colonies and soil testing.
Rs. 10 crore for farm field schools.
11:54 Government to release Rs.480 crore for input subsidy dues to farming community. Rs. 1,150 crore released for red jowar seed growers farmers in Nizamabad.
11:53 Government allocates Rs. 4,250 crore for farmer debt waiver scheme. Loans up to Rs. 1 lakh per family being waived.
11:52 To provide piped drinking date through a network of pipelines at a cost of Rs. 25,000 crore, Rs. 2,000 crore allocated this year.
11:51 State drinking water grid to be established.
11:50 Government focussed on water and drinking Water projects, says Mr. Rajendar. Ten per cent of water in irrigation projects to be used for drinking water purposes.
11:49 Nettempadu, Kalwakurthy, Bheema, Koil sagar lift irrigation schemes to be completed this year. Total of 2,97,550 acres to be brought under irrigation under these projects.
11:48 With a focus on revival of tanks and irrigation sources, budget allocates Rs. 2000 crore for restoration of irrigation tanks.
45,000 irrigation tanks to be restored in five years, out of which, 9000 tanks will be restored this year.
Rs. 6500 crore alloted for irrigation and command area development.
11:47 The comprehensive household survey will be used to better target welfare programmes.
11:46 First time, a news state has attempted to democratise the entire process of budget making: Finance Minister
The HinduBJP legislators, in a symbolic protest on power shortage in Telangana, arrive at Legislative Assembly carrying lanterns, on the first day in Hyderabad on Wednesday. Photo: Mohammed Yousuf
BJP legislators tried to enter the Legislative Assembly with lanterns to protest power shortage in the state. They were prevented by Assembly guards, who refused entry to the legislators if they carried lanterns. Photo: Mohammed Yousuf
11:46 Short, medium and long term action plans conceived for which 14 task force committees were constituted, Mr. Rajender says explaining the budget process.
11:45 Budget is a major departure from the past both in its approach and content. People suggestions were sought at village and ward level before preparing the budget, says Mr. Rajendar.
11:44 Government allocates Rs. 100 crore for welfare of families of Telangana martyrs.
11:43 Though the budge is only available for ten months of current financial year 2014-15, it has been so programmed to integrate see lesson into the five year perspective plan 2014-19, says Mr. Rajender.
11:42 Non plan expenditure is Rs. 51,989 crore; Plan expenditure is Rs. 48,648 crore; Estimated revenue surplus is 301 crore; Fiscal deficit estimated at Rs. 17,398 crore.
11:40 Finance Minister Etela Rajender is presenting the maiden budget of Telangana Assembly. TV Grab/Photo: P. V. Sivakumar
11.33 Telangana government presents budget with a total expenditure of Rs. 1,00,637 crore for a period of ten months.
11.30 ABN Andhra Jyothi channel journalists protesting at the media point in Assembly against the blocking of their channel by MSOs in Telangana.
11.02 BJP legislators walk to the Telangana Assembly with lanterns along to highlight the power crisis in the new State. Photo: P. V. Sivakumar
Buzz around the budget: Expectations and hopes
- Plan and non-plan allocations are expected to be around Rs.1 lakh crore.
- Thrust on development projects, including revival of thousands of minor irrigation tanks, Hyderabad water supply, allocations to tide over power crisis in the short term.
- Fourteen taskforce committees gave their reports on how to achieve set goals in next four years and ways to mobilise the needed resource. Sources said that proposals worth Rs. 5,000 crore were made based on task force committee reports.
- The 2014-15 budget will be a precursor to the next year’s full-fledged budget and it has done away with adhocism that used to be part of budget preparation in the united State.
- The new feature will be rationalisation of about 1,200 schemes - of the Centre, State, NABARD and the externally aided schemes – to 750 schemes to enable the departments give better focus.
- Rise of farmer suicides, power crisis facing Telangana are likely to dominate the proceedings.
- The limbo surrounding the Hyderabad Metro Rail project is expected to be raised by the Opposition in the Budget session
- The budget proposals focused on revenue mobilisation with an annual growth target of 15 to 20 per cent apart from open market borrowings to ground its ambitious programmes. The State so far borrowed Rs.2,800 crore and could raise Rs.6,000 crore more.
- One of the recommendations of the task force committees is setting up an Evaluation Authority of State of Telangana (EAST) on the lines of Karnataka for an independent evaluation of any important project.
- The election promises of TRS, particularly housing, and the household survey had left loopholes that were not plugged.
TDP, BJP plan to corner TS government. Full story
Images of celebrations after the 15th Lok Sabha passed the historic Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Bill.
Let's take a look at how the 29th state was formed. Telangana State formation: Timeline
Farmers suicide and power crisis to dominate the budget session. Read more
Arrangements made ahead of the Telangana Budget session beginning on Tuesday in Hyderabad. Photo: Nagara Gopal.
Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao wants the budget to reflect an innovative and refreshing approach. Read more
14 task force committees were formed to formulate the budget proposals. Full story
Expectations are that plan and non-plan allocation may cross Rs.1 lakh crore. Read more ...
The 29th state of India is all to present its maiden budget on Wednesday. A lot is expected from Telangana's Finance Minster Etela Rajender. What has added to the anticipation like never before about the allocations to various key sectors is the deep involvement of Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao in the budget preparation processs

Clubbing with China on climate hurting us  says PMs sherpaPrint
“Unfortunately, India has got tightly bracketed with China and some other countries at the climate talks,” Prabhu told The Indian Express.
Written by Amitabh Sinha | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:29 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 6:31 pm
In an indication of a new thinking emerging within the government on its strategy for climate change negotiations, Suresh Prabhu, an aide to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has argued that India’s near-complete alignment with China at global climate talks has been hurting the country’s interests and that New Delhi must demand to be treated on a different footing than Beijing as far as taking steps to counter climate change is concerned.
“Unfortunately, India has got tightly bracketed with China and some other countries at the climate talks,” Prabhu told The Indian Express. “While India and China do have some similarities, the fact is that on most social and economic indicators, China is way ahead of India. But because they have allied so closely at the negotiations, India and China are seen as together. As a result, the international community is expecting the same kind of climate actions from India as it has been demanding from China… India’s situation is very different and everyone is aware of that. India must fight to break this hyphenation with China.”
He stressed he was only expressing his personal opinion and his remarks do not reflect any change in India’s official negotiating position. Prabhu does not hold any official position in the government relating to climate change but he is known to have the ear of the Prime Minister. He was recently appointed Modi’s sherpa for the upcoming annual G-20 meeting where climate change is likely to figure prominently. Sherpas are responsible for preparing the agenda for the meeting on behalf of their leaders. Prabhu, who was power minister in the Vajpayee government, also chairs the Council on Energy, Environment and Water, an increasingly influential advocacy group with deep interests in climate change. His is among the names being discussed as possible head of the organisation that will replace the disbanded Planning Commission.
Prabhu said he was not calling for a complete disengagement with China. “India and China must cooperate. But we must remember that India’s interests are not the same as China’s. We have to act in self-interest and I don’t think our interests are being adequately served by this hyphenation.”
The close cooperation between the two countries at climate talks was seen as mutually beneficial, but Prabhu argued that it was only China that had benefited and went on to describe the alignment as a tactical mistake by India.
“We have not gained much from this kind of partnership. In fact, I would say it was a tactical mistake by India to almost totally align itself with China at Copenhagen (in 2009) and thereafter,” he said.
“The concept of Common But Differentiated Responsibility, which is one of the basic pillars of climate negotiations under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, needs to be applied not just between Annex-I (those that signed the Kyoto Protocol of 1997) and non-Annex-I countries but within the group of non-Annex-I countries as well. India has the largest number of poor people. Our income levels are several times lower than those of China. There is no way India could be asked to take the same kind of climate actions as China. India has become a victim of this bracketing with China.”
Prabhu said the climate negotiations needed to be viewed as a long-term strategic issue. “It is not just a climate or an environmental issue. It will affect every sector of our economy. This is more important than the WTO negotiations. I think we need to reorient our climate negotiating strategy in the national interest,” he said.
The annual climate change talks due to be held this year in Lima, Peru, are meant to lay the ground for clinching a global climate deal at next year’s conference in Paris.

RIP  JEREMY DALE: Friends celebrate Skyward creator as big-hearted talentBy Michael Cavna November 5 Follow @comicriffs
JEREMY DALE was precisely the kind of guy you hoped to find yourself with at a convention. He was supportive and sweet, full of humor and heart. Friends and comics colleagues who exhibited alongside him in New York, or Baltimore, or Charlotte, describe him in the most glowing terms.
“I can’t speak highly enough about him — I did always try to sit next to him at Heroes Con,” in North Carolina, the Washington-based artist Shannon Gallant tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “He was a great guy who never got the star status he deserved.”
Dale — like Gallant — worked on G.I. Joe books. The writer/artist also created the hit series “Skyward,” for Action Lab Entertainment.
“Jeremy was a friendly, energetic and enthusiastic presence to everyone he met,” Action Lab said Wednesday in a statement. “Jeremy was an incredibly talented writer and artist, well-liked by the entire comics community, and an example to the spirit of creation and innovation on which Action Lab was founded.”
Dale appeared as a guest at Baltimore Comic-Con just several weeks ago. “Jeremy was a wonderful and hard-working cartoonist who had been a part of the show for years,” Baltimore Comic-Con said Wednesday in a statement to Comic Riffs. “He had contributed to our yearbook in many ways, and was an advocate for his peers.”
Mr. Dale died Monday after a hospitalization, according to his wife, Kelly, who announced his death Tuesday on Facebook . He was 34.
“Our thanks go out to everyone for the outpouring of love and concern. … Jeremy loved you all very much — he appreciated your support and your friendship,” wrote Kelly Dale, herself an Action Lab employee who has started a GoFundMe.com campaign to help her with Mr. Dale’s medical bills and other costs.
“Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife, Kelly, and his family both inside and outside the comics community,” Baltimore Comic-Con tells Comic Riffs in its statement.
“I am shocked and saddened by Jeremy Dale’s untimely passing,” Larry Hama, the legendary G.I. Joe cartoonist, tells Comic Riffs. “He was really coming into his own as a graphic storyteller — getting better all the time with lots of untapped potential. We are poorer for the panels we will never see.”
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

Delhi polls to be 3-cornered  result hard to predict: Sheila DikshitComments
She had dismissed the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) as a “monsoon pest” in the last Delhi Assembly elections. Changing that stance, former chief minister Sheila Dikshit now believes that the contest for the city will be three-cornered.
In December 2013, the Congress had not taken the political greenhorn seriously. AAP had gone on to put up a stellar show in the election results and even come to power, albeit briefly.
Dikshit, however, said that she was not inclined to return to active politics again and was not interested in contesting another election in the Capital.
The three-time chief minister, however, added that the elections were going to be unpredictable and the possibility of another hung assembly cannot be discounted.
“It is not going to be a direct fight between the Congress and the BJP this time. But the way AAP resigned after governing Delhi for 49 days will also have its impact on election results this time. I hope the people of Delhi vote for a strong and a stable government,” Dikshit said.
Dikshit had led Congress to a spectacular win in three consecutive assembly elections between 1998 and 2008 but her party routed in 2013 elections. This time, she said, she would rather let others to lead the party. “I have decided not to contest elections. I am personally not inclined to fight this time,” Dikshit said.
She, however, added that she will follow the party’s orders. “As a Congress worker, I will do what my party tells me to do. In case the party insists (that I contest), I will take the decision then. But so far nobody has spoken to me about it,” she added.
The speculation on Dikshit’s return to Delhi politics started the day she resigned as the Governor of Kerala in August this year and returned to Delhi. She is still considered one of the tallest and most popular Delhi leaders.
With re-elections to Delhi Assembly likely to take place in a month or two, Dikshit said the party needs to devise a strategy to ensure it does not meet the fate similar it did nearly a year ago. “Other parties make false promises and people get carried away. But I don’t think anything has improved in last 11 months. Rather, it has become worse. The power situation is bad and commodity prices have gone up. This time, we need to effectively showcase what we as government did in Delhi in past 15 years,” Dikshit said.
While Dikshit believes it is the party that people generally vote for, she said it was important that experienced leaders are fielded this time. “Winnability should be the main criterion when selecting the candidates,” she said.

Sena wants some ministerial berths before Sunday  BJP won t relentComments
Trouble seems to be brewing between the Shiv Sena and the BJP again, with the former saying it will not be part of the state government unless a few of its ministers are sworn in before Sunday.
“If Uddhavji was graceful enough to attend the swearing-in ceremony, then the BJP needs to take a step ahead too,” said a senior Sena leader. The party has decided to hold a meeting at the Thackeray residence on Sunday evening, to take a final decision.
However, chief minister Devendra Fadnavis reiterated on Wednesday that the cabinet would be expanded only after the trust vote next week. This means no Sena legislator will be sworn in before the end of the special Assembly session on November 12.
Although Fadnavis did not specify when the expansion would take place, he clarified that no state-level BJP leaders were discussing power-sharing with the Sena. “Leaders in New Delhi are negotiating with them,” he said.
But, Sena MP Anil Desai dismissed Fadnavis’ claims. “I am here in Mumbai, but no one has spoken to me so far,” he told HT.
The Sena has demanded onethird of ministerial berths, along with the deputy chief minister’s post.
If the Sena decides to join the government, its 63 MLAs will add to the ruling party’s 121, to form a majority government. But the BJP also has the Nationalist Congress Party’s offer, to extend outside support to it, which is yet to decide on.
Meanwhile, an editorial in the Sena mouthpiece Saamana took potshots at Fadnavis over the Vidarbha issue, stating that the CM should concentrate on developing the region, instead of giving it statehood. “The BJP won hands down in Vidarbha. But, the party should not think the mandate was given to divide Maharashtra. Separating Vidarbha from Maharashtra is like separating a child from its mother,” the editorial said.
“On his first visit to Nagpur after becoming the CM, Fadnavis said Vidarbha will be carved out at the right time. Instead, he should have spoken about its development. He should have spoken about empowering security agencies in Naxal-hit areas such as Gadchiroli and Chandrapur,” the editorial said.

India needs $250 bn energy investment in 5 yrs: GoyalIndia needs $250 bn energy investment in 5 yrs: Goyal
Infosys to hire over 2 100 in U.S.Infosys to hire over 2,100 in U.S.
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6 (PTI):  
Country’s second-largest software services firm Infosys plans to hire over 2,100 people in the U.S. over the next few months to expand capabilities across domains, including digital, big data, analytics and cloud.
The major recruitment drive in the U.S. will support the growth of Infosys’ business and enhance its capabilities, the company said in a statement.
“With this programme, Infosys will bolster its expertise in client relationship management, consulting and technical delivery. The addition of these employees will help Infosys provide its clients local market insights, industry-leading technology expertise, and timely responsiveness to critical issues,” the statement said.
While 1,500 professionals will be hired for consulting, sales and delivery during the current financial year, close to 600 Bachelors and Masters graduates will be roped in from U.S. Universities over the next 12 months.
Infosys will also recruit up to 300 management and technology graduates from U.S. universities, who will work across multiple technology domains, including digital, big data, analytics and cloud.
Up to 180 graduates will be recruited into the Infosys consulting practice in the U.S. and they will join existing teams advising clients on business and technology transformation strategies.
The Bangalore-based firm will also continue its global recruitment programme of hiring MBA graduates from leading business schools, recruiting 100 Masters graduates for its sales teams under this initiative.
“We believe in hiring professionals who will help us build a next-generation services company. Technology is truly reshaping the world around us today,” Infosys Head of Human Resources (Americas), Peggy Tayloe said.
The recruitment drive will leverage a wide range of relationships between Infosys and academic institutions across the U.S., cultivated through programmes like InStep Internship Program and the recently announced collaboration with the Institute for Computational & Mathematical Engineering at Stanford University.
“We are particularly looking forward to bringing a large group of graduates into Infosys in the U.S. This is a terrific time for young, smart and talented leaders to be graduating from the best American schools and choosing a career in the technology industry,” Infosys Executive Vice President and Head of Infosys Americas, Sandeep Dadlani said.
For most Indian IT services firms, the US accounts for the largest chunk of revenues.
Infosys, which has over 1.65 lakh employees, registered 60.8 per cent of its revenues from North America. Its revenues stood at Rs 13,342 crore for the quarter ended September.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Patient-friendly packaging must for drug industry: Dr Reddy s ChairmanK Satish Reddy, Chairman, Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd. (file photo)
Hyderabad, Nov 6:  
Packaging in pharmaceutical industry should be patient centric, according to K Satish Reddy, Chairman, Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd.
He was speaking at the inaugural session of the two-day national summit on packaging being organised by the Indian Institute of Packaging (IIP) here on Thursday.
Packaging at Dr Reddy's was now based on 'design-thinking' and was aimed at providing relevant information to the patient in his/her own language, he said.
K. T. Rama Rao, Minister for Information Technology, Government of Telangana, said packaging industry had huge employment potential.
N C Saha, Director of IIP, said his institute was in the process of introducing four-year degree course and two-year M.Tech programme from 2016.
The Government of India was actively considering recognising IIP as an institute of national importance, he added.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Asian shares gain in follow-on to Wall Street  Nikkei leadsAsian shares gain in follow-on to Wall Street  Nikkei leads
Officials fear Al-Qaeda grooming Indian militants for biggerattacksAyman al Zawahiri
By: Reuters | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:43 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 3:33 pm
Decrypted communications between Indian Mujahideen (IM) and Al-Qaeda and testimony from suspects have triggered alarm among intelligence officials in New Delhi: the groups appear to be working together to launch major attacks in the region. The officials told Reuters that plots they had uncovered included the kidnapping of foreigners and turning India into a “Syria and Iraq where violence is continuously happening”.
Allegiances between Islamist militant groups can be murky and fleeting, and providing concrete proof of operational ties is notoriously difficult.
ALSO READ: Wagah bomb blast: Taliban group vows ‘revenge’ against PM Narendra Modi 
But Indian security agencies said evidence they had gathered pointed to growing ties between Al-Qaeda and IM, a home-grown movement hitherto known for low-level attacks on local targets using relatively crude weapons like pressure cooker bombs. Weeks after al Qaeda announced the formation of a South Asia wing to strike across the subcontinent, agencies said they had discovered IM members were training with al Qaeda and other groups in Pakistan and Afghanistan for major attacks.
That increases the risk of a more dangerous form of militancy in the world’s biggest democracy, which has been largely spared the kind of violence that regularly rocks its neighbour Pakistan and, beyond it, Afghanistan.
Security officials cite last Sunday’s deadly suicide bombing on the Pakistani side of a border crossing with India, and a terror alert on Tuesday at two eastern ports that forced the Indian navy to withdraw two ships, as evidence that militant coordination and activity are on the rise.
“The thing we are looking for is how al Qaeda/ISIS tie up with local groups, especially as the drawdown takes place in Afghanistan,” said Sharad Kumar, head of the NIA (National Investigation Agency), the country’s main counter-terrorism arm.
HARDENED FIGHTERS HEAD HOME?
ISIS, also known as Islamic State, has carved out swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria, but its influence over militant groups in South Asia is believed to be limited so far.
Al Qaeda is deeply entrenched, however, with leader Ayman al-Zawahiri believed to be hiding near the Afghan-Pakistan border and its militants fighting NATO forces in Afghanistan. Foreign combat troops are due to withdraw at the end of the year. Some members of IM are already fighting alongside al Qaeda in Afghanistan, according to an Indian government chargesheet against 11 suspected members of the group alleged to have plotted attacks in India.
The worry is that more battle hardened fighters could now turn their sights on their homeland. Others have enlisted with al Qaeda to try to carry out kidnappings of Jews in India and Nepal to secure the release of Pakistani Aafia Siddiqui, a neuroscientist jailed for 86 years in the United States for attempting to kill U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan.
Siddiqui is a cause-celebre among global militant groups, including Islamic State, which proposed swapping her for American journalist James Foley before executing him when its demands were not met. IM has also been urged by al Qaeda to continued…

Top five less-known cos to ride the big bull run on D-StreetTop five lesser known companies poised to ride the big bull run on Dalal Street
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 6, 2014, 12.30PM IST
(Most of the high beta stocks…)
NEW DELHI: Benchmark indices have rallied over 32 per cent so far in the year 2014 to record highs, supported by strong global liquidity, stable macros and a reform push by the Modi government.
Most of the high beta stocks have more than doubled in the past one year, but analysts feel that there is more upside left in the benchmark indices and individual stocks.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market, which will take the Sensex and he Nifty to fresh record highs for the rest of the year as well as in the next 12 months. The index is well on its way to hit the 30,000 mark by the December-end and probably 35000 levels by the end of 2015.
During this time, if the investors pick the right kind of stocks, those can outperform the Sensex returns in the next 12 months. Most of the companies mentioned provide opportunities for playing growth stories as well as value buying.
We have collated a list of five stocks which are small cap but high-growth ideas by different experts. Most of these companies have added capacities ahead of demand. This would further help in augmenting growth momentum over the next 12 months, and thereby improve the margin profile.
Analyst: Nitin Raheja, Co-Founder, AQF Advisors
Allcargo Logistics: Trading at cheap valuations compared to its peers
We like a company called Allcargo Logistics. It is the largest player in the less than container load segment and is also among the top five in the world and so on so forth. The management has done some acquisitions last year in the US, which was one of the weak spots.
It has got the whole JNPT container business. So yes, we are basically going to start seeing the LCL business as a natural monopoly and here, they have the largest in India. Container load is going to go up.
If you see the valuations that other logistics companies trade at and you compare this, this is trading at far cheaper valuations and in the next two-three years as the economy picks up, as the container business picks up, as the equipment hiring business picks up for them and so on so forth, the stock looks very interesting.
Analyst: Dinesh Thakkar, CMD at Angel Broking
Siyaram Silk Mills (CMP: Rs 762.50/TP: Rs 952)
Siyaram Silk Mills has strong brands, such as Siyaram's, Mistair, MSD, J. Hampstead and Oxemberg. With the launch of two new premium cotton brands - Zenesis and Moretti, entry into linen fabrics, foray into ladies wear (SKD) under the brand Siya, the company is expected to maintain its high growth trajectory.
We believe that with market leadership in blended fabrics, strong brand building, wide distribution channel, strong presence in tier II and tier III cities and emphasis on latest designs and affordable pricing points, Siyaram will be able to post a revenue CAGR of 18% and profit CAGR of 32% over FY2014-16E.
We value the stock at a moderate 8 P/E on FY2016E earnings, implying 32% upside and hence recommend Buy.
Brokerage Name: Anand Rathi Institutional Research team
Ahluwalia Contracts India: Back on growth trajectory; target price Rs 237
Ahluwalia Contracts India (AHLU) is sharpening its focus on government contracts as they are more scalable and highly predictable in terms of execution. Its exposure to the private sector has, thus, reduced from 85% to 48%.
 
This shift in order mix has caused a turnaround in its operations with operating profits rising over the last two quarters. Going forward, the company aims to maintain the public-private mix at 60:40.
The company is swiftly moving towards a significant turnaround in operations, with margins rising from 4.3 per cent in FY14 to 11 per cent in FY17. Return ratios are expected to increase from lower single digit to higher twenties over the period.
We initiate coverage on the stock with a target price of Rs 237 based on 14x FY17e PE.
Risks: Lack of building orders from the government sector, any major liability arising out of litigations.
Action Construction Equipment: On the cusp of a turnaround; target price set at Rs 55
A well-established brand in construction equipment (cranes, earthmoving & road machinery) and material handling (forklifts) in India with over 50 per cent market share in tower/mobile/crawler cranes, ACE is promoted and managed by professionals with rich experience in construction equipment. Its manufacturing plant and strong R&D centre (Haryana, Uttarakhand) have infra for expansion.
Low capacity utilisation and higher interest/depreciation in FY11-14 had led to 0.7 per cent NPM in FY14 from 5.9 per cent in FY11. We estimate 60%/138% CAGR over FY14-17 in EBITDA/PAT. Our Rs 55 target is based on 10x FY17e PE and 7x EV/EBITDA.
Risk: Delayed recovery in infra/industrial sectors.
Granules India: Riding a multi-year growth wave; target price set at Rs 1185

Counterview: Sensex likely to turn negative in next one year: Expertbeneficiary
("The momentum may not continue…)
The present momentum may not continue for the Indian markets as interest rates are going to be raised in the US next year and the RBI may not cut rates before FY16. So we can expect significant volatility. The Nifty can give no or negative returns in the next 1 year, says Yogesh Nagaonkar, VP: Institutional Equities, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd in an exclusive interview with Kshitij Anand of EconomicTimes.com. Excerpts:
Q) The Indian markets managed to hit fresh record highs in October itself. Do you think the momentum is likely to continue? If yes, what is your target for the Sensex and the Nifty for Dec-end and for the next 12 months?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: The momentum may not continue as interest rates are going to be raised in the US next year. The RBI is not going to cut rates before FY16. So we can expect significant volatility. The Nifty can give no or negative returns in the next 1 year.
Q) The US Federal Reserve might have done away with QE, but Japan has already started its own rounds of quantitative easing and Europe is expected to join soon. Do you think India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue? If yes, then why?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: The QE of Europe and Japan is very small compared to that of the US and it can have a short-term positive impact on the Indian markets only and not a sustained one. We are not hopeful about any new fund flow into India from these economies.
Q) What is going on with the rupee? The Indian currency is near its two-week low on the back of strong dollar. Where do you see the currency headed in the near term?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: The dollar is going to strengthen further and we would not be surprised if the dollar reaches 65 vs the rupee in the near term.
Q) What do you think will be the next big trigger for the markets? Will it be reforms, interest rate cut or the Budget that will drive the next wave for the markets?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: The Budget will be the next big trigger for the Indian market. If the next Budget fails to live up to the expectations of the market, then the market will react negatively. Not any significant reforms have been seen from the Modi government as of yet and the market will be disappointed if they don't bring big reforms like GST.
Q) The Indian economy is already showing signs of recovery, inflation is falling and the government has already pushed some big bang reforms and more are in the offing. Keeping all that in mind, where do you see FII investment in equities for this fiscal?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: The only big reform the government has taken is the deregulation of diesel and that is because crude oil prices are favourable. Inflation is coming down & economy has shown signs of turnaround, but the market has risen by 40% since the last 1.5 years. We have to wait for 2 quarterly earnings to say if valuations justify this rally. FII inflows will taper on the back of ending of bond-buying program by the US. We can end the year at around $20b.
Q) Give any five stock ideas which are low value, but have a lot of potential in the coming years and why?
 
Yogesh Nagaonkar: We like Unitech, Suzlon, Reliance Communications, GMR Infrastructure, and DLF because of debt restructuring program. As the market has improved, these companies will be able to raise money and reduce their debt. These stocks are highly undervalued & will see huge buying once they are able to reduce their debt.
Q) Which are the sectors to bet on as the markets hit record high? And, the sectors where one should be book some profits or go underweight on?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: We are betting on real estate, cement, capital goods, and IT. The new government is giving emphasis on building new cities, and the real estate sector will benefit from it. The construction & cement sectors will also benefit from it. The IT sector will continue to perform because of improving US economy & a weak rupee. One can book profits in the pharma & PSU spaces.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analyst's own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top brokets like Goldman  CLSA wake up to e-comm stocks  rush to initiate coverageCentrum Wealth Management
(Online shopping in India…)
MUMBAI: As the Indian e-commerce story begins to play out and the hunt is on to find India's next Alibaba, brokerage houses are quickly doing a mid-course correction and rushing to cover e-commerce stocks such as Just Dial and Info Edge.
Foreign brokerages such as Goldman Sachs , CLSA , Credit Suisse , HSBC , JPMorgan and UBS have all started tracking these stocks, as they sense the potential of the e-commerce space, and its big-bang impact on Dalal Street .
Sample this: last July, only three brokerage houses were covering Just Dial, which has jumped to 23 at present, even as the stock has surged nearly three times since its listing in June 2013. Similarly, Info Edge is currently tracked by 24 brokerage houses, against 16 in July last, while the stock has jumped 120 per cent in one year, according to Bloomberg data.
"The e-commerce space is the next big emerging theme in the markets, and brokerage houses don't want to miss the bus. We expect many success stories to unfold in the listed space, and currently we are at the beginning of an e-commerce boom," Kunj Bansal, ED and chief investment officer at Centrum Wealth Management , said.
Analysts believe that in the e-commerce space, there are multiple enablers for explosive growth, including a rapidly growing number of internet users, steady rise in the proportion of online shoppers within the internet community, growth in the per-shopper transaction value, and continuous flow of capital investments, making these firms attractive bets.
"The money which has been raised by Flipkart and Snapdeal has grabbed everybody's attention. The trend of online shopping by Indian retailers hold great promise in the e-commerce space," said Dipen Shah, head — private client group research, Kotak Securities .
Online shopping in India of physical goods is estimated to reach around $4 billion in 2014, and will multiply by over 11 times to hit $45 billion by 2020, according to MOSL report. "We have initiated coverage on Info Edge with a buy rating and price target of Rs 1,100, as we see the company in direct and high quality play on the exploding e-commerce opportunity," said Rajat Rajgarhia, managing director — institutional equities at Motilal Oswal Securities .
One of the reasons why brokerages are gung-ho is India's growing internet population, which is estimated to grow to 400 million by 2016, making it the second largest in the world.
"On Just Dial, we have a buy recommendation with a target price of Rs 1,800, as the company is the leader in local search engines with a strong e-commerce presence, which is a winning formula," Rajgarhia added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi s cabinet rejig soon; Goa CM Parrikar may get defence portfolioModi's cabinet reshuffle likely on Sunday; Parrikar may get defence
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi , November 06, 2014
First Published: 11:23 IST(6/11/2014) | Last Updated: 16:48 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will likely reshuffle and expand his council of ministers on Sunday, with Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar tipped to get the key defence portfolio and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi set to return as a cabinet minister.
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar (L) took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. (Sameer Sehgal/HT File Photo)
TV channels reported Thursday morning that Modi met President Paranab Mukherjee amid the cabinet rejig buzz.
The long-awaited revamp of the team that has ruled India since late May will lighten the burden on some ministers, who hold more than one portfolio, and give the Prime Minister a chance to promote high achievers, while getting rid of a few who have failed to keep pace, government and BJP sources said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, who holds additional charge of the defence portfolio, had said early in his tenure that this was a temporary arrangement. The 58-year-old chief minister flew to Delhi early on Wednesday, after cancelling a meeting of his state cabinet, and met BJP chief Amit Shah and Modi.
“The Prime Minister did not talk about my joining the Cabinet; we discussed Goa issues,” he said, after meeting Modi. The likely move of the well-regarded chief minister to Delhi will leave the BJP with a big hole to plug in Goa, and party leaders were in discussions about his replacement.
However, Parrikar, who is tipped to be the defence minister, told ANI that he did not have a discussion on the issue. "Why put the horse before cart?" the news agency quoted him as saying.
I haven't had a discussion yet,why put the horse before cart: Manohar Parrikar on reports of joining Union Cabinet pic.twitter.com/C4aPHrSIYz
— ANI (@ANI_news) November 6, 2014
Naqvi, who was minister of state in the Vajpayee government, is likely to become minister in charge of statistics and planning, the sources said. His entry will provide the Cabinet another prominent Muslim face, after minority affairs minister Najma Heptullah.
Jayant Sinha, who holds a Harvard MBA and is the son of for mer finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is likely to be inducted as minister of state (MoS), either in the defence or finance ministry. Nirmala Sitharaman may be promoted from MoS to Cabinet minister, likely in charge of the commerce and industry ministry, and give up her current additional role as MoS in the finance ministry.
Haryana leader Birender Singh, who had crossed over from the Congress to the BJP ahead of the Haryana Assembly election, is understood to be in contention for a berth in the council of ministers. He is likely to get independent charge of a ministry.
BJP’s youth wing chief Anurag Thakur, a Lok Sabha MP from Himachal Pradesh, and Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, who was instrumental in uncovering the coal block scam, are other probable candidates.
Bihar MPs Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a Brahmin, and Giriraj Singh, a Bhumihar, are also aid to be serious contenders for a place in the council of ministers. MPs from Uttarakhand and West Bengal may miss the bus again, said sources. Modi is understood to be considering lightening the burden of some ministers holding more than one portfolio.
Ravi Shankar Prasad (law, communication & IT), Prakash Javadekar (I&B and environment), Nitin Gadkari (rural development, road transport & highway, panchayati raj and drinking water) and Piyush Goyal (power, coal, new and renewable energy) are among the ministers who hold multiple portfolios. Speculation is also rife about changes in Rail Bhawan and in Krishi Bhawan. Given the PM’s motto of “minimum government, maximum governance”, the sources ruled out any large scale expansion. Modi’s present team includes 22 cabinet ministers and an equal number of MoS.

Opinion: Jaitley s Health Warning on Reforms is ImportantOpinion: Jaitley s Health Warning on Reforms is Important
Omaxe to hold board meetingOmaxe to hold board meeting
Pvt sector to play important role in coal productionPvt sector to play important role in coal production
Zuari group buys 42 424 shares in Vijay Mallyas MCFL via openofferMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Zuari group has purchased more than 42,000 shares in the Vijay Mallya led UB group’s MCFL through its recently concluded open offer, raising its stake marginally to 16.47 per cent.
The takeover battle for Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), which is going on for quite sometime had further intensified in September after Deepak Fertilisers raised its open offer price to Rs 93.60 per share.
Soon after, rival Zuari group in association with MCFL’S original promoters UB group, had revised their open offer price to Rs 81.60 per share.
In a filing to the BSE, MCFL on Wednesday informed that Zuari Group has purchased 42,424 shares equivalent to 0.04 per cent stake in the company.
Meanwhile, Deepak Fertilisers also raised its stake by about 6 per cent through its own open offer to about 32 per cent. Both open offers started on October 1 and closed on October 20.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in one-go in July 2013.  After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
At present, Deepak Fertiliser holds about 32 per cent stake in Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), whereas consortium of Zuari group companies have 16.47 per cent stake and Vijay Mallaya’s UB group 21.97 per cent stake.
The Zuari group along with Vijay Mallya’s UB group needs about 12 per cent additional stake in MCFL to take control of the company while at the same time Deepak Fertilisers would require another about 25 per cent stake in the MCFL.
Zuari Agro Chemicals had also entered into an agreement this year to use Mangalore Chemicals’s facilities for contract production.
TAGS: Deepak Fertilisers MCFL Vijay Mallya Zuari Group
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Brussels probes Luxembourgs Fiat dealBrussels probes Luxembourg over tax deal for Fiat
By Alex Barker in Brussels and Vanessa Houlder in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/de2f955a-48a1-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asian markets mixed in early tradeAsian markets mixed in early trade
Russia and Ukraine close to gas dealRussia and Ukraine close to deal on gas for winter
Jack Farchy in Moscow, Christian Oliver in Brussels and Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ddec958-602d-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Africans in China feel scant Ebola panicNovember 4, 2014 12:01 am
Africans in China feel scant Ebola panic
Patti Waldmeir in Yiwu, eastern China and Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9704a4f2-60cc-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New ISIS Video May Show Fighters Discussing Sale Of Captured Girls On "Slave Market"reddit
A disturbing video that emerged last week purports to show members of the Islamic State militant group joking and laughing while discussing the sale of captured girls as slaves.
The clip shows a discussion between several bearded men in a barren room. A suspected Islamic State fighter appears to be addressing the camera. "Today is the slave market day," the man says, according to a translation posted by the Dubai-based Al-Aan network , which first uncovered the video.
"Today is the day of (female) slaves and we should have our share," another alleged militant adds. "Where is my Yazidi girl?" he asks mockingly, referring to members of the Iraqi minority group targeted in a major Islamic State assault in August.
The suspected fighters then appear to discuss prices for the girls, explaining that the amount depends on a girl's appearance. One man mentions to be willing to pay a Glock pistol, while another offers $300.
The Huffington Post was unable to independently verify the content of the video. However, The Independent reported that the clip has been shared on social media channels that are believed to be linked to the militant group.
If the video is real, it would corroborate numerous accounts by survivors of Islamic State kidnappings and abductions.
Representatives of the Yazidi community say they have documented nearly 7,000 names of Yazidi girls and young women who have been kidnapped by the extremists. The community says that more than 300,000 members of the religious group are currently in need of aid after having been driven from their homes by the Islamic State, which is also known as ISIS or ISIL.
“The video is very disturbing, repulsive, and might possibly be important evidence. But it’s also inconclusive," said Fred Abrahams of Human Rights Watch's Children's Rights division. "It could show men who are about to commit war crimes, but it also could be a group of idiots spouting offensive nonsense."
Abrahams told HuffPost that the video is consistent with what his organization has heard about Yazidi women and girls, "but it shouldn't be taken as evidence on its own."
Human Rights Watch warned last month that the Islamic State is holding hundreds of Yazidi men, women, and children from Iraq captive in detention facilities in Iraq and Syria. Relatives of the detainees told the organization that the militants have systematically separated young women and teenage girls from their families and have forced some of them to marry its fighters.
Amnesty International has also accused the Islamic State of abducting "hundreds, if not thousands" of Yazidi women and girls. The group said it had obtained the names of dozens of women and girls who were reported missing by family members, noting that many of those held by the militants have been threatened and pressured to convert to Islam.
Several women who were able to escape their Islamic State captors have spoken to the media about their ordeals. A 15 year-old Yazidi girl told the Associated Press recently that she was among hundreds of women and girls captured from her village in Iraq in August. "They took girls to Syria to sell them," the girl said. "I was sold in Syria. I stayed about five days with my two sisters, then one of my sisters was sold and taken (back) to Mosul, and I remained in Syria."
The U.S. State Department on Monday held up the video as the latest example of the extremist group's savagery. The department's " Think Again and Turn Away" program, which aims to discourage people from joining the Islamic State, featured the clip on its Facebook and Twitter accounts. "A sickening video has emerged of #ISIS terrorists attending a slave girl "market" where they negotiate prices and barter with weapons for the youngest women, those with good teeth, and girls with green eyes," the program stated on its Facebook page.
More:

http://usat.ly/1E4qmluFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Edmunds: Look past family, friends for employees
Friends and family members don't always make the best employees. Try looking for your employees in the more traditional places and you might want to consider looking for part-time employees instead of full-time.
Post to Facebook
Edmunds: Look past family, friends for employees Friends and family members don't always make the best employees. Try looking for your employees in the more traditional places and you might want to consider looking for part-time employees instead of full-time. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tYneqe
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Edmunds: Look past family, friends for employees
Gladys Edmunds, Special for USA TODAY 6:58 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
Whether you hire family, friends or strangers make certain that the job requirements fit the person hired.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
6 CONNECT 43 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Hi Gladys: I often hear people complaining about how hard it is to get a job. But yet it seems that when a person gets a job they don't appreciate it.  I'm in the catering business and this is the season that my business increases significantly.  I have a real problem with help.  I can't find good dependable people.  Last week I got a contract to cater a large corporate holiday party and I will need to depend on good help.  I have been hiring close friends and family members that I know really need the money.  But they keep letting me down and often don't show up to work.  What is wrong with people? — Dave
Friends and family members are not always the best place to look for employees.  And, the way to be guaranteed that they show up, and on time, is when they live in the house with you.
Try looking for your employees in more traditional places and you might want to consider looking for part-time employees instead of full-time.  This could open up the employment field for more people, especially students and retired folks.
I have stated many times in the past that plenty of retired people want to work. But they are not interested in working full-time.  However, they enjoy working part-time for the extra income.  Plus having a retired person in your company can prove beneficial to you.  These seniors have seen a lot and have encountered many of life's experiences and can help you to learn and grow in many ways.
I have noticed many seniors in the workplace.  This can be an advantage to both you and your company.  And many students are seeking part-time work.
Edmunds: Opening your doors to get more customers
Place an ad in your local newspaper.  Call a few employment offices to see who's looking for work among both seniors and students.    You can put notices on the bulletin boards at colleges, trade schools and universities when looking for students.  Check out how to go about posting on church bulletins or in the church newspapers.
Now that you have some idea of who can work with you, take a minute to review your work practices so that we can be certain that you are on point.   Are you paying a competitive hourly rate or salary? Ask your bookkeeper or accountant to do a little research to see if you are paying a fair rate.  Are you making certain that you are exposing your employees to a clean and safe environment?
Small business divided over minimum wage votes
I remember getting an email from a woman who was in the food business and had several locations. Her employees often called off due to sickness, which had a negative impact on her business.  After many months of frustration someone suggested that she hire a consultant to see what was going on in that location.  The consultant suggested hiring a building inspector, just to make certain that all was well in the building and much to the owners surprise the inspector found that the building had a huge toxic mold problem, which could easily be seen as the cause for sickness.  The woman moved the operation to a different location and there were no more reported illnesses.
To be sure of getting the right people to work in your company become clear on what you need in an employee.  This is often overlooked when hiring.  Generally when we start our businesses, we often start off solo and then business starts to grow and we reach out for help and we tend to accept the first people we see.  That's how we end up hiring family and friends.  Get out of that trap.
Identify what the job requires.  If the job requires the worker to have a car and you are interviewing folks who have no car or worse yet no drivers license . . . .guess what?  That's not the best hire.  Actually, hiring family and friends can work out well if you apply the proper hiring techniques.
The bottom line is, whether you hire family, friends or strangers make certain that the job requirements fit the person hired and that the working conditions are good.
Gladys Edmunds, founder of Edmunds Travel Consultants in Pittsburgh, is an author and coach/consultant in business development. Her column appears Wednesdays. E-mail her at gladys@gladysedmunds.com . An archive of her columns is here . Her website is gladysedmunds.com

Will a rate cut spur investments Not really: CrisilClimate degegates generating 29,000 tonnes of CO2: Group
CRISIL Research study shows investments have slowed in times of lower interest rates. What matters more is the business environment, or the expected return on investments.
The chorus on an interest rate cut to revive the economy has got louder with the recent climb-down in inflation. To be sure, the monetary policy tool of cutting the interest rate is conventionally used to energise a flagging economy.
But this does not hold true under all circumstances. Our study shows that factors behind the recent slowdown in economic growth and investment in India have little to do with high interest rates.
Investment growth has slowed down sharply even though policy rates have been negative in real terms and real lending rates have averaged less than 3%.
The primary reason for this slowdown is a sharp fall in the expected return on investments due to policy uncertainty and slowing domestic demand.  In such a situation, leaning on monetary policy to revive investments will yield little benefit. And, it carries the risk of reversing the recent gains in inflation, which, in any case, is nothing much to write home about.
Therefore, we believe that the government should continue to improve the policy environment to raise the expected return on investment.
On its part, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) should continue its fight to stabilise consumer price inflation below 6% and that would require standing pat on the repo rate. Lower inflation will help revive consumption demand and reduce input costs, boosting return on investments.
By Crisil
TAGS: India Economy India Economy Growth India Growth India Investment
More from economy

Ashamed to say my children studied abroad: UdayKotakMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Pitching for major reforms in the country’s education system, noted banker Uday Kotak today said he is “ashamed” to say that his children had to go overseas to study as he felt those courses were better abroad.
Speaking during a session on education at the India Economic Summit here, Kotak said there are a large number of “schooled” people in the country, but not “educated”.
“I am ashamed to say that both my children studied under-graduation courses overseas, because we felt it was better for them,” said Kotak, who is Executive Chairman and Managing Director of Kotak Mahindra Bank.
Going by estimates, billions of dollars are spend every year to send Indian students overseas.
Noting that educational reforms should begin at the roots of civil society, Kotak said teaching profession has lost some of its respect.
“Education (system) has to be transformed… The future is bright,” he said.
The summit is organised by the World Economic Forum (WEF) in partnership with industry body CII.
At the same session, HRD Minister Smriti Irani said that there is a need to rejuvenate the teaching profession and bring back the respect that this vocation once enjoyed.
She further said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s initiative to reach out to students on Teachers Day was a step in that direction and this initiative should help encourage more young people to turn to teaching as a career.
Kotak also highlighted the need to bring back the respect and dignity to the teaching profession in India.
He observed that previously, education policies focused on the creation of education hardware (school buildings etc).
He was of the view that there needs to be an equal emphasis on the creation of education software such as teachers, teaching tools and teaching methods.
Gary Coleman, Managing Director, Global Industries, Delloitte, USA said that India has a large workforce of 500 million and over 10 million people are being added to that workforce every year.
However, businesses were finding it very difficult to find adequately skilled manpower for their needs. This issue needs to be addressed urgently, he added.
TAGS: Indian Students Smriti Irani Study Abroad Uday Kotak
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

The roads not to be takenUpdated: November 5, 2014 16:37 IST
The roads not to be taken
Saraswathy Nagarajan
Special arrangement A still from the short film Online Predators, directed by Shyamaprasad.
Special arrangement Parvathy narrating the story of Shikha in Online Predators, a short film made by Shyamaprasad.
Special arrangement A still from the short film The Road To Hell, directed by Shyamaprasad.
Special arrangement Prithviraj narrating the story of Deepak in the short film The Road to Hell, directed by Shyamaprasad.
The Hindu Film director Shyamaprasad. Photo: S. Mahinsha
TOPICS
short films
Film director Shyamaprasad makes two short films to create awareness on cyber crimes and drug abuse
Two short films with a hard-hitting message. Two vignettes of youth that throw light on the sinister paths that many teenagers inadvertently take or are pushed into. Directed by auteur Shyamaprasad, the two films, Online Predators and Road to Hell, are meant as a wake-up call for a society that is in the throes of change.
Narrated by young actors Prithviraj and Parvathy, the films, released on Youtube, alert viewers to the dangers of cyber world and drugs through the stories of two teenagers – Shikha and Deepak.
In Kochi for a workshop prior to the shooting of Ivide, Shyamaprasad’s latest film that will be shot completely in the United States, the director took time off to make the short films.
“As a father and a citizen, I have been disturbed by rising incidents of drug abuse and cyber crime amongst our youngsters. While in Kochi as jury chairman of Script, a short film competition organised by the Rotary Club, members of Bodhini, an outreach programme of the organisation for community service, got in touch with me to discuss the possibility of shooting a film to make students, parents and teachers aware of the dangers that lurk in our schools, campuses, homes and familiar surroundings, environments that we assume are safe for our children,” says Shyamaprasad.
Reena Sabin, one of the members of the Rotary Club, Metropolis, explains that the primary objective of Bodhini is to create awareness on child abuse and violence against women.
The films are projects in that direction. The two short movies take us into the lives of two susceptible youngsters who fall prey to those who hunt such vulnerable children for various nefarious reasons of their own. While Shikha’s busy parents ignore their daughter’s increasing preoccupation with her mobile and her world wide networking with her friends, Deepak’s parents, caught in their miserable and stressful marriage, fail to see their son’s unhappiness and loneliness.
Narrated evocatively by Parvathy, Online Predators, follows Shikha as she disconnects from the real world of studies and sports to interact with her unseen friends on the internet. Photographs and information shared by her become a snare for her online friend to trap her in his devious plan to abuse her. In the meantime, music-loving Deepak hits the streets to avoid his squabbling parents and fall into the wrong company of drug abusers who entice him with their companionship.
“Ignorance or carelessness on the part of parents and teachers are making children vulnerable to a lot of online predators. The film highlights how to avoid them and also how to help the victims if they have already been trapped in an ugly situation. Help is at hand to assist such children and their families. It is important that the message reaches out to the maximum number of people,” says Shyamaprasad.
Reena says they are planning to translate the films, sponsored by the Muthoot Pappachan Foundation, into different languages to screen it for their target audience since they have designed a programme for classes one to 12 to prevent child abuse and violence against children. They hope to expand the scope of the ongoing programme in a few select schools in Kochi to include all schools in Kerala.
The films end with a phone number [8891320005] to reach out to and an assurance that there is always someone to hear their problems and find a solution to that, adds Shyamaprasad. Both Shikha and Deepak are saved in the nick of time thanks to the intervention of responsible adults who help them find their way out of the maze.
“We wanted children who were entering unknown territory to know that there is light at the end of the tunnel and that they are not alone,” says Reena.

Indian readers prefer print over digital devices: SurveyTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
Readers still prefer paperbacks over electronic reading on devices such as the kindle, according to results of a new survey that aims to put the spotlight on the reading habits of Indians.
Irrespective of age, four out of five people (78 per cent) respondents surveyed by the Tata Literature Live! Survey 2014 said they favoured printed books over electronic reading.
From among the respondents, hyper-connected post-millennials in the age group of less than 20, ranked highest (81 per cent) in their preference for paperbacks and hardbound books over those read over digital devices like the Kindle.
This was followed by those in the age group of 21-30 with 31-40 age group (79 per cent) and 41-50 age group (75 per cent) each.
The lowest was in the age group of 50 and the lowest being the age-group of 50 and above with (74 per cent).
Also, people of 50 years and above emerged as a generation of book hoarders, with 20.59 per cent claiming to have more than 300 books on their shelves.
Respondents from Mumbai topped those who preferred physical books with 80 per cent opting for the printed word. This is followed by Delhi (79 per cent), Kolkata (78 per cent), Bangalore (77 per cent) and Chennai (76 per cent).
“The survey is an effort to look into contemporary India’s literary leisure reading. The survey has not only explored reading tastes, but more importantly how India is reading today,” says Anil Dharker, Founder and Festival Director of Tata Literature Live! The Mumbai Litfest!, which concluded recently.
Conducted in October 2014, the survey takes a closer look into the evolving landscape of literary reading amidst technological, social and behavioural impacts.
The research was conducted online accumulating responses from 1,426 individuals countrywide.
The survey also throws up other findings of the survey such as “60 per cent respondents read one literary piece a week while 42 per cent respondents ranked reading as the best means to a survive a bad day.”
A total of 74 per cent respondents said they preferred reading on the Internet, social media or gaming, while 69 per cent respondents prefer reading over watching television shows or movies.
Out of those polled 61 per cent said they preferred reading over socialising while 60 per cent respondents preferred to read over playing outdoor or indoor games
More from companies

Gionee introduces Marathon M3 with 5000mAh battery  prices it at Rs 12 999New system allows computers to teach by example
For those who hate the battery life, or lack of it, on their smartphones, Gionee has introduced the Marathon M3 with a powerful 5000 mAh battery.
The company claims the battery is good for 32.46 hours of 3G and 51 hours of 2G talk time and 32.8 days of standby time.
The Gionee Marathon M3 has a Quad Core 1.3 GHz processor wiith 1GB RAM and runs Android 4.4 OS with Dual SIM.
The Marathon M3 has a 5-inch HD Display and an 8 MP back camera.  The 8GB internal memory can be expanded up to 128 GB.
The phone will be priced at Rs 12,999.
TAGS: Gionee Marathon M3
More from industry

Slack economy: India Inc bats for rate cutCostly capital is hindering investments
Time to start supporting growth, CEOs tell central bank
New Delhi, November 5:  
India Inc has urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut interest rates ahead of schedule by taking advantage of the drop in inflation and slowing loan growth.
Anand Mahindra, who heads the Mahindra Group, and Ajit Gulabchand, Chairman and Managing Director of Hindustan Construction Company, are among the top honchos demanding a cut in the repo rate.
The Repo rate is the rate at which the central bank lends to banks.
“It is time for the RBI to think of a rate cut. The need of the hour has changed and it is time to start looking at supporting growth,” Mahindra told newspersons on the sidelines of the India Economic Summit.
Gulabchand said interest rates should be cut because the cost of capital is very high, preventing investment and hindering the economy from coming out of the slow growth cycle.  
Interest rates have been kept high by RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, and by his predecessor Duvvuri Subbarao earlier, to combat inflation.
Rajan has raised policy rates thrice since taking over last September, to 8 per cent. There are varying expectations on the extent of the rate cut that may be undertaken by the central bank.
But bankers are certain that the RBI will go in for a policy rate cut. “Between now and March, there will definitely be a rate cut. Many feel he (Rajan) will not cut on December 2. I have a nagging feeling he may,” Vishwavir Ahuja, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, RBL Bank, told BusinessLine.
Even if nothing happens on December 2, when the central bank makes its next policy announcement, there will surely be a cut around February next year, Ahuja said.
Different take
A Crisil study shows that the recent slowdown in economic growth and investment in India had little to do with high interest rates.
The primary reason for the slowdown is a sharp fall in the expected return on investments due to policy uncertainty and slowing domestic demand, the study said.
The Government should continue to improve the policy environment to raise the expected return on investment, it noted.
On its part, the RBI should continue its fight to stabilise consumer price inflation below 6 per cent and that would require standing pat on the repo rate, the study said.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Republican triumph may boost trade deals© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/35ef7684-64d6-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Financial Tech in Pact to Exit IEXYou are here: Home Corporates
Financial Tech in Pact to Exit IEX by Selling Stake for Rs 576 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 00:22 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) said on Wednesday that it will fully exit IEX by selling its entire stake to a clutch of investors for Rs 576.84 crore.
"FTIL today, entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (SPA) with TVS Shriram Growth Fund 1, S. Gopalkrishnan, Lakshmi Narayanan, Rajeev Gupta, Dalmia Cement Bharat Power Ventures Limited, Kiran Vyapar Limited, TVS Capital Funds Limited, and Agri Power and Engineering Solutions Private Limited for sale of 25.64 per cent equity stake on a fully diluted basis in IEX for an aggregate consideration of Rs. 576.84 crore," a company statement said.
In the wake of a Rs 5,600-crore payment scam at National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL), the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) had directed Jigesh Shah-led FTIL to completely exit from IEX, the country's leading power exchange with an over 95 per cent market share.
NSEL is a group firm of Financial Technologies.
The transaction is subject to fulfillment of certain condition precedents including buyout of the application software and other technology for its own use only by IEX and regulatory approvals, if any, the statement added.
After completion of the transaction, FTIL said it would have completely exited IEX.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 23:35 (IST)

Cameron loses support from EU alliesCameron loses support from European allies
George Parker and John Aglionby in London and Richard Milne in Stockholm
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/240c29a4-64f8-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Strauss-Kahn investment company insolvent© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/59a343ba-64f6-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India tops in demand for blocking Facebook postsNEW DELHI, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 02:03 IST
India tops in demand for blocking Facebook posts
Yuthika Bhargava
censorship
In the first six months of 2014, Facebook has restricted access to nearly 5,000 pieces of information from India on its website.
With increasing number of Indians getting hooked to sharing content on Facebook, there has been a steady rise in requests to the social networking site from the government and other agencies to censor posts.
In the first six months of 2014, Facebook has restricted access to nearly 5,000 pieces of information from India on its website, the highest for any country. India is the social networking site’s largest user base outside the U.S. with over 100 million users.
“We restricted access in India to a number of pieces of content reported primarily by law enforcement officials and the India Computer Emergency Response Team under local laws prohibiting criticism of a religion or the state,” Facebook said in its Government Requests Report.
India is also ranked second, just behind the U.S., in terms of government requests for access to users and accounts.

Fair Trade Regulator Gets Complaint Against Flipkart  Other E-Tailers: ReportBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has received a complaint against online retailers including home-grown giant Flipkart for alleged unfair business practices and will soon take a call on probing the matter.
The complaint has been received against these online trading entities weeks after an uproar over Flipkart's massive discount sale which had raised concerns of anti-competitive practices.
A senior official said that the fair trade regulator has received a complaint against online trading companies including Flipkart and a decision would be taken soon on whether the matter should be probed further.
The government had also said last month that it will look into the concerns and take a call on whether more clarity is required on the e-commerce retail business, after concerns were raised about sale exercises undetaken by Flipkart and others.
Flipkart's 'Big Billion Day' sale on October 6 that offered steep discounts on various products had raised concerns among small and big traders that such campaigns would badly affect players in the traditional retail market.
"We have received many inputs. Lot of concerns have been expressed. We will look into it," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman had said at that time.
In recent times, many e-commerce portals have been coming out with steep discount sales.
Flipkart had said that its 'Big Bilion Day' sale saw 1.5 million people shopping at its portal. It also claimed that products worth over Rs 600 crore were sold in just 10 hours under the scheme.
Among others, the Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT) had demanded the Commerce and Industry Ministry take steps to monitor and regulate online businesses.
The traders' body had also sought a probe into the business model and trade practices of e-commerce companies to find out how they are offering huge discounts during the ongoing festive season.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 20:03 (IST)

Ask Israel to stop incitements against Muslim sites  Palestine tells UNPalestinians are urging UNSC to demand that Israel stop incitement against Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem.
By: Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: November 6, 2014 4:07 am
The Palestinians are urging the UN Security Council to demand that Israel immediately stop provocations and incitement against Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem and withdraw extremists whose actions have sparked confrontations.
Palestinian UN Ambassador Riyad Mansour told reporters that Israeli extremists stormed the Al-Aqsa Mosque on Wednesday and desecrated holy sites, including entering one mosque in the compound and climbing on the altar wearing shoes, in disrespect of Muslims who always leave their shoes outside.
Mansour said the extremists’ actions led to a confrontation with Palestinian worshippers and then with Israeli security forces, “and my understanding is a large number of worshippers were injured.”
He said the Security Council must act immediately to defuse a “very explosive situation” and prevent the situation from degenerating into a religious confrontation.

CBS takes 24-hour news battle online© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4288035c-653a-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tesla reveals new delay to Model X launchTesla reveals new delay to Model X launch
By Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/181dcaee-6543-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lenovo Yoga 2: Tablet with akickstandNew system allows computers to teach by example
Afraid that your pricey little tablet is going to break or is too big to handle for all tasks? Well, your prayers were heard by Lenovo and as an answer they brought out the Yoga 2. With a sleek kickstand, that changes the ball game in the segment altogether, Yoga 2 offers four modes of operation—Hold, Stand, Tilt or Hang. The four mode option aids the Yoga 2 to adapt to any need of the user.
Design: Yoga 2 has a cylindrical design with a sleek finish that makes it unique and is a departure from other tablet designs. The company has been promoting the Yoga tablet’s cylindrical design as being more user-friendly when compared to other conventional tablets. The cylindrical shape at the bottom gives the tablet a good grip and helps the user to use it more easily that other tablets.
However, the tablet does feel a tad heavy at the bottom when used for a long time. Coming to build, the Yoga 2 uses aluminium and plastic at different places. The battery is larger and forms the part of the cylinder. There is a metallic power button at the side of the cylindrical base and a 3.5mm sound jack at the other end. The volume control panel is just above the power button on the side of the tablet. The SIM slot and the MicroSD slot is at the back panel safely covered by the kickstand.
Display, sound: When it comes to display, the Yoga 2 stands out proudly from its family line. Sporting a resolution of 1920 x 1200 with a pixel density of 283 ppi combined with a Full HD display, it provides brighter pictures and richer colour display. There was a lot of complains with the new A8 about its display but the Yoga 2 puts them all to rest. Sound is another feature which Lenovo has put emphasis on. Like all the recent Lenovo tablets, this one too comes with Dolby surround sound. Users can enjoy movies, music and also customise their own Dolby effect
using an app that comes pre-installed.
Addition to the Dolby is the Wolfson Master Hi-Fi noise reduction tech that enhances the sound quality and output. Unlike the previous tablets, the Yoga 2 has front facing dual speakers that are a tad louder than the older ones and also help in getting the surround effect.
Camera: Tablets are not expected to have powerful cameras and neither are these cameras expected to take good pictures but the cameras of Yoga 2 show that Lenovo is trying to reach perfection in this category. The 8-megapixel back camera and the 1.3 megapixel front camera clicks decent pictures in good light. Selfies are not that perfect compared to other smartphones but are better when compared to other tablets.
Hardware, performance and storage: The Yoga 2 is faster than most tablets. With an Intel quad-core Atom processor that dials at 1.86GHz and Intel HD Graphics, the tablet will satiate your hunger for play and work. The 2GB (64 bit) RAM also infuses some nitrous into the performance. However, there are other faster options available in the market. Be it the latest Asphalt or heavy games from Nautilus, the Yoga 2 simply offers an unparalled experience. With a frame per second speed of nearly 60, the tablet is as good as any high-end graphics module available in the market.  The Yoga 2 has no space deficiency. It comes with a 16GB inbuilt memory and another 64GB can be added via the MicroSD option. The Yoga 2 is a causal gamer’s dream.
Operating system and menus: The tablet comes with the standard Android 4.4.2 in the box upgradeable to 4.4.4. But it is in the menus that Yoga 2 seems to have goofed-up just a little. There are no clear menus or app buttons. Instead of the menus being at the top, all the menus are at the bottom which is unconventional and will need a little getting used to.
Battery, connectivity and other components: This is Yoga 2’s strong suite. With a 6400 mAH battery, it gives at least a battery backup of 18 hours without Wi-Fi usage. Also, the tab comes with 4G lite connectivity along with regular data connection, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. In the box—The tab comes with an adapter and a microUSB but has no earphones or headphones.
Estimated street price: Rs 22,499
TAGS: Lenovo Lenovo Yoga 2 Lenovo Yoga 2 Tablet Yoga 2 Tab Yoga Tablet
More from industry

US election raises Keystone XL hopesUS midterm election raises hopes for Keystone XL pipeline
Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/583bc736-650a-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoJ minutes: calm before the stormAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Strauss-Kahn is to launch $2bn hedge fund© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a669857a-b050-11e3-8efc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Plunging rouble loses central bank propLast updated: November 5, 2014 6:35 pm
Plummeting rouble loses central bank support
Kathrin Hille and Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d022e2a-64d1-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold falls to 5-yr low as investors exitGold falls to 5-yr low as investors exit
Luxembourg embroiled in fine wine rowLuxembourg embroiled in fine wine row
By Robert Cookson and Madison Marriage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1cb6a028-df40-11e3-a4cf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nikkei extends win streak as yen drops© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/428d17ca-6562-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Issue of central bank haves and have-notsLast updated: November 6, 2014 8:41 am
Fed has built a thorny central bank divide
Ousmène Mandeng
Lack of access to Fed’s dollar liquidity will result in further volatility
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b46b9ac8-5ea6-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India needs $250 bn energy investment in 5 y...energy needs
(Goyal said on the sidelines…)
NEW DELHI: The government hopes to attract $250 billion (Rs 15 lakh crore) investment within 4-5 years to give a boost to the energy sector and provide electricity to all, Power Minister Piyush Goyal said today.
Efforts are also being made to increase coal production, strengthen electricity transmission network and get back gas- based power plants on stream, said Goyal, who also holds portfolios of Coal and New and Renewable Energy ministries.
The investments, totalling $250 billion for power generation, coal mining as well as electricity distribution and transmission sectors, would help the government increase power generation and ensure electricity supplies to all households in the country by 2019, Goyal said.
Speaking at the India Economic Summit, organised here by Geneva-based World Economic Forum and Indian industry chamber CII, Goyal said that India's total power consumption would double to 2 trillion units by 2019 and the majority of investments would come from the private sector although the government would also invest more.
The government is also pushing ahead with ambitious plans for the renewable sector, especially solar energy, where the generation capacity is to be increased to 1,00,000 MW by 2022, he added.
"We are expecting around USD 250 billion investments in the next four to five years... About $100 billion will be in the renewable energy," Goyal said.
The country's electricity transmission segment is anticipated to see an investment of around $50 billion during this period, he added.
The government is sincere in its efforts and "will protect investments", the Minister said.
To meet the increasing electricity generation requirements, Goyal said, Coal India is expected to double its production to around one billion tonnes by 2019.
The private sector is also expected to play an increasing role in the coal sector and an ordinance issued recently by the government addresses many of the issues, he said.
The ordinance related to the coal sector came after the Supreme Court cancelled a large number of coal block allocations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lenovo Profit Rises on Sales Growth Outside ChinaThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Generali announces buyback of 3 hybrid bondsGenerali announces buyback of 3 hybrid bonds
Reuters
Tweet
Milan, Nov 6:  
Italian insurer Generali announced on Thursday a buyback offer on three series of hybrid bonds to be financed through a new issuance.
The bond series are perpetual fixed and floating notes with first call dates in 2016 and 2017.
The aim is to reduce interest costs over the next few years and optimise regulatory capital structure, Generali said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Nikkei falls on profit-takingTokyo, Nov 6:  
Japanese stocks stepped back on Thursday as investors booked profits from recent gains.
The Nikkei benchmark dropped 0.9 per cent to 16,792.48, snapping a run of outsized gains inspired by the Bank of Japan’s enhanced easing of monetary policy.
Early advances for Toyota Motor Corp on the back of an earnings upgrade were wiped out, with stock in the world’s largest auto-maker closing flat.
Bucking the trend was Suntory Beverage, which jumped 5.4 per cent after releasing strong January-September profits.
The broader Topix slipped 1.1 per cent to 1,365.35, while the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 lost 1.2 per cent to 12,378.48.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

PM greets nation on Guru Nanak JayantiPM greets nation on Guru Nanak Jayanti
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today greeted the nation on Guru Nanak Jayanti and urged the people to take a pledge to embrace the path of service and work towards a just and equal society.
“I bow to the venerable Guru Nanak Devji on the occasion of Guru Nanak Jayanti. The life and teachings of Guru Nanak Devji inspire us eternally,” the Prime Minister said.
He urged the nation to work towards a just and equal society which is free from all kinds of social evils.
“Let us follow the path of compassion, truth and peace as shown by him (Guru Nanak).
“Today is also a day to pledge to embrace the path of service and work towards a just and equal society, free from any kind of social evils,” the Prime Minister said in a tweet.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

After senate drubbing  Obama says ready to work with Republicans; could bypass Congress on someissuesPrint
Republicans will quickly introduce stand-alone legislation in the first quarter of 2015 that would approve the Keystone XL crude oil pipeline from Canada, testing President Barack Obama's resolve on the project.
By: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:21 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 1:43 pm
A day after a poll drubbing, US President Barack Obama struck a defiant tone saying he is ready to work with Republicans but could bypass Congress on issues like immigration reforms that would allow 11 million illegal immigrants, including 2.4 lakh Indians, to stay in the country.
Exuding full confidence in the future of America, Obama in his 90-minute speech said, “We have all the best cards relative to every other country on Earth.” “I am really optimistic about America. I know that runs counter to the current mood, but when you look at the facts, our economy is stronger than just about anybody’s,” he said.
Tuesday’s appearance represents the Obama administration’s latest attempt to show that it can use the criminal court system to deal with terror suspects.
“The United States continues to be a magnet for the best and brightest from all around the world. My job over the next couple of years is to do some practical, concrete things – as much as possible with Congress; where it’s not possible with Congress, on my own – to show people why we should be confident, and to give people a sense of progress and a sense of hope,” Obama said.
The US leader stopped short of accepting direct responsibility for his Democratic party’s defeat at the hands of Republicans who snatched control of the Senate, tightened its grip on the House of Representatives and won key Democrat governorships. Obama said the US has made real progress since he took over.
“The fact is more Americans are working; unemployment has come down. More Americans have health insurance. Manufacturing has grown. Our deficits have shrunk. Our dependence on foreign oil is down, as are gas prices,” he said. Obama said he is ready to work with the Republican Party, which now controls the Congress, to advance the national agenda.
“I’m eager to work with the new Congress to make the next two years as productive as possible. I’m committed to making sure that I measure ideas not by whether they are from Democrats or Republicans, but whether they work for the American people,” he said.
“Congress will pass some bills I cannot sign. I’m pretty sure I’ll take some actions that some in Congress will not like,” he said. But, in the absence of a strong legislative base for the remaining two years of his presidency, Obama said he would press continued…

Infosys to hire over 2 100 in US  including ...You are here: Home > Collections
Infosys to hire over 2,100 in US, including 600 graduates
ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 12.54AM IST
Tags:
Hiring
(Announcing a major recruitment…)
BENGALURU: Infosys said it will hire 2,100 professionals in the United States across consulting, sales and delivery in the next twelve months to scale up its global presence.
Significantly, the company will have an additional team of 300 management graduates working in some of the disruptive technologies, including big data and analytics, even as it looks to beef up its consulting practice by hiring 180 graduates as it takes on global IT consulting firms such as Accenture on its home turf.
"The company plans to hire 1,500 professionals for consulting, sales and delivery during the current financial year. In addition, it will hire close to 600 Bachelors and Masters graduates from US universities over the next twelve months," a company statement.
Infosys' decision to step up hiring comes more than a year after it started implementing a wide-ranging plan to improve sales effectiveness in February last year. Then the company, apart from taking on board experienced personnel, also hired 200 graduates from B-schools, as it looked to boost its presence in Continental Europe, particularly in Germany and France. "We believe in hiring professionals who will help us build a next-generation services company. Technology is truly reshaping the world around us today," said Peggy Tayloe , Infosys Head of Human Resources (Americas).
Infosys Chief Executive Officer Vishal Sikka, at the time of announcing the company's second quarter results, had said that Infy is working towards overcoming "offshore-is-cost-centre" mindset and some analysts believe having more employees stationed in the US will help in more revenue generation.
"(Infosys) still has lot of elbow room to hire aggressively onsite without actually impacting its margins," said a Mumbai-based analyst at a domestic brokerage.
During the second quarter ended September, the company managed to keep a tab on its onsite effort to 28.7% compared with 29.2% at the end of April-June period. This was lower than its offshore effort, where the company actually saw an increase from 70.8% to 71.3% sequentially.
The news of Infosys hiring comes at a time when senior management ranks, including Sikka, Sanjay Purohit, boss of EdgeVerve and Sandeep Dadlani , Head of Americas, interacted with a battery of 100 analysts at a three-day event in Orlando. Analysts cheered the company's decision, saying it has started well towards becoming the "next generation services company".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jet Airways Announces Special Fares on Select DestinationsYou are here: Home Corporates
Jet Airways Announces Special Fares on Select Destinations
NDTV | Updated On: November 06, 2014 10:42 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Jet Airways has announced special fares starting as low as Rs 1,973 (all-inclusive) on select destinations. This offer is valid on economy class travel within India.
Tickets for this advance fare scheme must be must be purchased at least 90 days prior to departure. And the booking for this special Jet Airways offer is open till March 31, 2015.
Under this Jet Airways offer, the ticket is valid for 12 months from the date of issue. Tickets are non-refundable but Jet Airways will allow a date change by charging a fee.
Other airlines have also periodically launched advance fare schemes. This has seen passenger traffic rising in recent months. In September, domestic airlines saw a 28 per cent growth in passenger traffic as compared to a year earlier.
Domestic budget airline SpiceJet has been at the forefront of announcing promotional schemes to attract flyers. Speaking to NDTV Profit, Sanjiv Kapoor, chief operating officer of SpiceJet, the airline has seen a bump-up in passenger traffic, whenever it has launched such schemes.
Explaining the rationale for launching such schemes, Mr Kapoor said, "We don't like to fly empty planes. Once a plane takes off that empty seat is lost forever."
By selling excess capacity in advance, through advance fare schemes, "We are trying to get rid of excess capacity early so that close to the date to the departure we are leaving with much fuller capacity" the SpiceJet executive added.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 10:38 (IST)

Crude oil futures bounce back on weekly oil reportCrude oil futures bounce back on weekly oil report
Square Enix Holdings Co.  Ltd. Reports Financial Results For The Six-month Period Ended September 30  2014Square Enix Holdings Co.  Ltd. Reports Financial Results For The Six-month Period Ended September 30  2014
Goa CM declines any talks on cabinet berth with PM ModiGoa CM declines any talks on cabinet berth with PM Modi
Ajay Jadeja in tourism campaign to promote South Australia in IndiaAjay Jadeja in tourism campaign to promote South Australia in India
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
The South Australian Tourism Commission has roped in former Indian cricketer Ajay Jadeja for a new campaign aimed at encouraging visitors to Adelaide during the Cricket World Cup.
The film, starring Jadeja, encourages Indians to visit South Australia for the opening game of the ICC Cricket World Cup – a limited overs cricket match between arch-rivals India and Pakistan on February 15, 2015.
Deputy Premier John Rau is in India for a trade mission and launched the film today.
“The India versus Pakistan game is a real drawcard for Adelaide and will reach an anticipated global television audience of over one billion people,” he said.
“The Cricket World Cup provides a great tourism opportunity in the key market of India and the rest of the subcontinent.
Rau said the first film shows South Australia through the eyes of Ajay Jadeja and his son on their recent visit and features key attractions in Adelaide, the Barossa, Kangaroo Island and the Adelaide Hills.
Set to a track composed by renowned Bollywood music composers Sangeet and Siddharth Haldipur, the rendition and lyrics are in line with a popular music genre in India.
The films were conceptualised and commissioned by South Australian Tourism Commission as part its India Strategy 2020. It is directed by Indian film-maker Deepti Chawla and produced by Daydreamer Pictures.
“India is an important market for South Australia and these films are aimed at creating awareness and appeal for the State," Rau said.
The films will be supported by a strong digital strategy in India to ensure they reach as many people as possible.
They will also be supported by a domestic media and communications strategy aimed at the VFR (Visiting Friends and Relatives) segment and Indians in other Australian states as well as West Asia, Singapore, Malaysia, New Zealand and the US.
Link the to film https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9JgDUiEyOk
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

GVK Bio inks agreement to acquire Chennai-based Vanta BioscienceHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GVK Bio inks agreement to acquire Vanta Bioscience
Our Bureau
Hyderabad, Nov 6:  
GVK Bio has announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire Vanta Bioscience.
Commenting on the acquisition, Manni Kantipudi, CEO, GVK BIO, said: “The acquisition is in line with our business strategy of being an integrated drug discovery services provider for our customers. We are constantly investing in upgrading our capabilities to provide world-class R&D services. Vanta Bioscience further advances our position as we expand our service offering in GLP toxicology.”
The Hyderabad-based company did not disclose the financials of the acquisition. Vanta Bioscience is a contract research organisation. The company offers toxicology evaluation services for the pharmaceutical, biotech, food supplements and feed additives industries. Vanta Bioscience also offers toxicology services using alternative methods for the cosmetics industry.
Gerard Schwickerath, Vice-President and General Manager, Vanta Bioscience said: The company will continue doing its core activity under the direction of GVK BIO and provide further opportunities to our clients and staff.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

ITC likely to set up food processing park in TelanganaITC likely to set up food processing park in Telangana
G Naga Sridhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 6:  
ITC is likely to set up a food processing park in Telangana, according to Minister for IT, K T Rama Rao.
"We are in talks and the State Government has requested ITC to consider setting up the park in Gajwel as it is near to the State capital, " Rao told news persons on the sidelines of a national conference on packaging here on Thursday.
ITC Kohinoor
The Government had also just cleared a proposal from ITC to set up a five star hotel in Madhapur, the IT-hub here, he said.
The proposed hotel, ITC Kohinoor, would involve Rs 700 crore investment, he added.
ITC Bhadrachalam Paper expansion
The expansion of ITC Bhadrachalam Paper was also on the anvil with an investment of Rs 3,000 crore, the Minister said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Zuari group buys 42 424 shares in Vijay Mallya s MCFL via open offerMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Zuari group has purchased more than 42,000 shares in the Vijay Mallya led UB group’s MCFL through its recently concluded open offer, raising its stake marginally to 16.47 per cent.
The takeover battle for Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), which is going on for quite sometime had further intensified in September after Deepak Fertilisers raised its open offer price to Rs 93.60 per share.
Soon after, rival Zuari group in association with MCFL’S original promoters UB group, had revised their open offer price to Rs 81.60 per share.
In a filing to the BSE, MCFL on Wednesday informed that Zuari Group has purchased 42,424 shares equivalent to 0.04 per cent stake in the company.
Meanwhile, Deepak Fertilisers also raised its stake by about 6 per cent through its own open offer to about 32 per cent. Both open offers started on October 1 and closed on October 20.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in one-go in July 2013.  After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
At present, Deepak Fertiliser holds about 32 per cent stake in Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), whereas consortium of Zuari group companies have 16.47 per cent stake and Vijay Mallaya’s UB group 21.97 per cent stake.
The Zuari group along with Vijay Mallya’s UB group needs about 12 per cent additional stake in MCFL to take control of the company while at the same time Deepak Fertilisers would require another about 25 per cent stake in the MCFL.
Zuari Agro Chemicals had also entered into an agreement this year to use Mangalore Chemicals’s facilities for contract production.
TAGS: Deepak Fertilisers MCFL Vijay Mallya Zuari Group
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

ONGC  Reliance Industries disclose tax payments abroad: ReportTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
ONGC and Reliance Industries are the only two Indian companies that disclose tax payments in almost all the foreign countries where they operate, says a report.
According to a report by Transparency International, the world’s biggest companies disclose little or no financial details about their operations outside their home country.
Ninety of the 124 companies assessed do not disclose the taxes they pay in foreign countries, while 54 disclose no information on their revenues in other countries, it said.
Only BHP Billiton, Statoil and Indian firms ONGC and Reliance Industries disclose tax payments in almost all the foreign countries where they operate, the report added.
Two Indian companies Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Ltd (ONGC) and Reliance Industries have performed well. ONGC is the first PSU to adopt IP by entering into MoU with Transparency International India (TII).
RIL is ranked at ninth position, while ONGC is at 26th place among the 124 companies list. RIL has scored 5.6 out of ten, while ONGC has scored 4.8, as per the report.
The report, Transparency in Corporate Reporting, analysed 124 companies from the Forbes list of the world’s biggest publicly-traded companies.
The companies, whose combined market value is more than USD 14 trillion, are ranked on the basis of their reporting of the measures they take to prevent corruption, information about subsidiaries and holdings and key financial information about overseas operations.
“We need more transparency from multinational companies, whose power in the world economy closely rivals the biggest countries,” said Transparency International Chair, José Ugaz.
“With greater economic power comes greater responsibility. Bad corporate behaviour creates corruption that causes poverty and instability. By not responding to people’s demands for greater transparency and accountability, companies risk harming their brand and losing customers,” Ugaz said.
The Berlin-based anti-corruption watchdog has named Bank of China, Honda Motor, Bank of Communications, Agricultural Bank of China and Sberbank as the five least transparent companies.
Italy’s Eni, Britain’s Vodafone and Norway’s Statoil are at the top.
“Companies have to provide more information on their financial operations. Transparency allows citizens to find out the extent of a company’s operations in their country. It is also essential to follow money flows between governments and companies, which can be subject to corruption,” Ugaz added.
TAGS: ONGC Reliance Industries
More from companies

Intelligence officials fear Al-Qaeda grooming Indian militants for biggerattacksAyman al Zawahiri
By: Reuters | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 12:43 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 3:33 pm
Decrypted communications between Indian Mujahideen (IM) and Al-Qaeda and testimony from suspects have triggered alarm among intelligence officials in New Delhi: the groups appear to be working together to launch major attacks in the region. The officials told Reuters that plots they had uncovered included the kidnapping of foreigners and turning India into a “Syria and Iraq where violence is continuously happening”.
Allegiances between Islamist militant groups can be murky and fleeting, and providing concrete proof of operational ties is notoriously difficult.
ALSO READ: Wagah bomb blast: Taliban group vows ‘revenge’ against PM Narendra Modi 
But Indian security agencies said evidence they had gathered pointed to growing ties between Al-Qaeda and IM, a home-grown movement hitherto known for low-level attacks on local targets using relatively crude weapons like pressure cooker bombs. Weeks after al Qaeda announced the formation of a South Asia wing to strike across the subcontinent, agencies said they had discovered IM members were training with al Qaeda and other groups in Pakistan and Afghanistan for major attacks.
That increases the risk of a more dangerous form of militancy in the world’s biggest democracy, which has been largely spared the kind of violence that regularly rocks its neighbour Pakistan and, beyond it, Afghanistan.
Security officials cite last Sunday’s deadly suicide bombing on the Pakistani side of a border crossing with India, and a terror alert on Tuesday at two eastern ports that forced the Indian navy to withdraw two ships, as evidence that militant coordination and activity are on the rise.
“The thing we are looking for is how al Qaeda/ISIS tie up with local groups, especially as the drawdown takes place in Afghanistan,” said Sharad Kumar, head of the NIA (National Investigation Agency), the country’s main counter-terrorism arm.
HARDENED FIGHTERS HEAD HOME?
ISIS, also known as Islamic State, has carved out swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria, but its influence over militant groups in South Asia is believed to be limited so far.
Al Qaeda is deeply entrenched, however, with leader Ayman al-Zawahiri believed to be hiding near the Afghan-Pakistan border and its militants fighting NATO forces in Afghanistan. Foreign combat troops are due to withdraw at the end of the year. Some members of IM are already fighting alongside al Qaeda in Afghanistan, according to an Indian government chargesheet against 11 suspected members of the group alleged to have plotted attacks in India.
The worry is that more battle hardened fighters could now turn their sights on their homeland. Others have enlisted with al Qaeda to try to carry out kidnappings of Jews in India and Nepal to secure the release of Pakistani Aafia Siddiqui, a neuroscientist jailed for 86 years in the United States for attempting to kill U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan.
Siddiqui is a cause-celebre among global militant groups, including Islamic State, which proposed swapping her for American journalist James Foley before executing him when its demands were not met. IM has also been urged by al Qaeda to continued…

Top 5 lesser-known cos to ride the big bull run on D-StreetTop five lesser known companies poised to ride the big bull run on Dalal Street
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 6, 2014, 12.30PM IST
(Most of the high beta stocks…)
NEW DELHI: Benchmark indices have rallied over 32 per cent so far in the year 2014 to record highs, supported by strong global liquidity, stable macros and a reform push by the Modi government.
Most of the high beta stocks have more than doubled in the past one year, but analysts feel that there is more upside left in the benchmark indices and individual stocks.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market, which will take the Sensex and he Nifty to fresh record highs for the rest of the year as well as in the next 12 months. The index is well on its way to hit the 30,000 mark by the December-end and probably 35000 levels by the end of 2015.
During this time, if the investors pick the right kind of stocks, those can outperform the Sensex returns in the next 12 months. Most of the companies mentioned provide opportunities for playing growth stories as well as value buying.
We have collated a list of five stocks which are small cap but high-growth ideas by different experts. Most of these companies have added capacities ahead of demand. This would further help in augmenting growth momentum over the next 12 months, and thereby improve the margin profile.
Analyst: Nitin Raheja, Co-Founder, AQF Advisors
Allcargo Logistics: Trading at cheap valuations compared to its peers
We like a company called Allcargo Logistics. It is the largest player in the less than container load segment and is also among the top five in the world and so on so forth. The management has done some acquisitions last year in the US, which was one of the weak spots.
It has got the whole JNPT container business. So yes, we are basically going to start seeing the LCL business as a natural monopoly and here, they have the largest in India. Container load is going to go up.
If you see the valuations that other logistics companies trade at and you compare this, this is trading at far cheaper valuations and in the next two-three years as the economy picks up, as the container business picks up, as the equipment hiring business picks up for them and so on so forth, the stock looks very interesting.
Analyst: Dinesh Thakkar, CMD at Angel Broking
Siyaram Silk Mills (CMP: Rs 762.50/TP: Rs 952)
Siyaram Silk Mills has strong brands, such as Siyaram's, Mistair, MSD, J. Hampstead and Oxemberg. With the launch of two new premium cotton brands - Zenesis and Moretti, entry into linen fabrics, foray into ladies wear (SKD) under the brand Siya, the company is expected to maintain its high growth trajectory.
We believe that with market leadership in blended fabrics, strong brand building, wide distribution channel, strong presence in tier II and tier III cities and emphasis on latest designs and affordable pricing points, Siyaram will be able to post a revenue CAGR of 18% and profit CAGR of 32% over FY2014-16E.
We value the stock at a moderate 8 P/E on FY2016E earnings, implying 32% upside and hence recommend Buy.
Brokerage Name: Anand Rathi Institutional Research team
Ahluwalia Contracts India: Back on growth trajectory; target price Rs 237
Ahluwalia Contracts India (AHLU) is sharpening its focus on government contracts as they are more scalable and highly predictable in terms of execution. Its exposure to the private sector has, thus, reduced from 85% to 48%.
 
This shift in order mix has caused a turnaround in its operations with operating profits rising over the last two quarters. Going forward, the company aims to maintain the public-private mix at 60:40.
The company is swiftly moving towards a significant turnaround in operations, with margins rising from 4.3 per cent in FY14 to 11 per cent in FY17. Return ratios are expected to increase from lower single digit to higher twenties over the period.
We initiate coverage on the stock with a target price of Rs 237 based on 14x FY17e PE.
Risks: Lack of building orders from the government sector, any major liability arising out of litigations.
Action Construction Equipment: On the cusp of a turnaround; target price set at Rs 55
A well-established brand in construction equipment (cranes, earthmoving & road machinery) and material handling (forklifts) in India with over 50 per cent market share in tower/mobile/crawler cranes, ACE is promoted and managed by professionals with rich experience in construction equipment. Its manufacturing plant and strong R&D centre (Haryana, Uttarakhand) have infra for expansion.
Low capacity utilisation and higher interest/depreciation in FY11-14 had led to 0.7 per cent NPM in FY14 from 5.9 per cent in FY11. We estimate 60%/138% CAGR over FY14-17 in EBITDA/PAT. Our Rs 55 target is based on 10x FY17e PE and 7x EV/EBITDA.
Risk: Delayed recovery in infra/industrial sectors.
Granules India: Riding a multi-year growth wave; target price set at Rs 1185

Top 5 lesser known companies that look poised to ride the bull runThis is easy! Register on Economictimes.com and get the member badge.
Member
Make Economictimes.com your financial news hotspot. Visit us every day to earn this Badge!
Super Surfer
Link your Times profile with your FB and Twitter accounts.
Power Networker
Keep the conversation going through your Comments & Replies to get this badge.
Biz Smith
Share Czar
Share News, Articles, Stock info on Economictimes.com with your friends on Facebook, Twitter or Hotklix and become a Share Czar! 'Recommending' and 'liking' links on our site also qualifies.
Share Czar
Inboxer
Subscribe to the Economictimes.com newsletters & guess what! You get additional points for opening the newsletter or clicking on a link.
Inboxer
Biz Influencer
Your opinion matters. Get the Biz Influencer Badge when other users 'Recommend' or 'Agree' with your comments.
Biz Influencer
Be the opinion! Participate in a poll and get this badge.
Poll Star
Read/watch business articles, videos & slideshows and become a BizPundit.
Biz Pundit
Share your opinions in market through Comments & Replies in the ET market section.
Market Buff
Read market articles and watch more videos and slideshows be a Market Guru!
Market Guru

Govt sees $250 bn investment in energy sector: GoyalGovt sees $250 bn investment in energy sector: Goyal
Infosys to hire over 2 100 in USInfosys to hire over 2 100 in US
Reliance Life launches Do-Good campaignReliance Life launches ‘Do-Good’ campaign
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
Taking a leaf out of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Swachh Bharat initiative, private sector Reliance Life Insurance today launched its new social media campaign ‘Do-Good’ to celebrate acts of goodness in daily life.
The campaign aims at recognising and inspiring selfless acts of goodness by people across demographics, social strata and causes that impact society positively, the company said in a statement.
“We firmly believe that any selfless act of goodness — across demographics, causes and regions — needs to be encouraged.
“There is a genuine need to create a platform where each such act by individuals or groups can be shared with a larger audience and amplified to be recognised.
“Our ‘Do-Good’ campaign aims to provide such a platform for sharing and recognition,” Reliance Life Insurance CEO Anup Rau said.
The campaign has been initiated recently on all social media platforms to create awareness and encourage people to take action in the ‘good’ direction, the statement said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Indian Academy of Sciences  80th annual meet from tomorrowIndian Academy of Sciences annual meet
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Nov 6:  
The 80th annual meet of Indian Academy of Sciences, which was founded by Nobel laureate Sir C V Raman, would commence here from tomorrow.
Over 150 fellows and associates of the Academy would deliberate for three days over a wide range of scientific topics and over 40 motivated teachers from different parts of the country have been invited to participate in the meet, organisers of the meeting said.
While 21 scientific presentations would be made by fellows and associates of the Academy, two public lectures by former West Bengal Governor Gopalkrishna Gandhi and former Reserve Bank of India Governor D Subbarao are also in the offing.
The meet would begin with Prof Dipankar Chatterji, President of the Academy, making his presentation on ‘Inhibition of bacterial transcription: Action of antibiotics’.
The event is organised by Institute of Mathematical Sciences in association with the Indian Institute of Technology-Madras, Central Leather Research Institute, Chennai Mathematical Institute, M S Swaminathan Research Foundation and Indira Gandhi Centre for Atomic Research.
The Indian Academy of Sciences was founded by Sir C V Raman and registered as a society in 1934 with the aim of promoting the progress and upholding the cause of science, in both pure and applied branches.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Bourses set to cool ahead of ECB© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/428d17ca-6562-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rogozin to spell out economic visionNew Delhi, November 5, 2014
Updated: November 5, 2014 02:23 IST
Rogozin to spell out economic vision
Suhasini Haidar
PTI New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry O Rogozin in New Delhi on Thursday.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
India seeks FTA with Russia, Kazakhstan and Belarus
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Rogozin, who came in June to meet the new government, is expected to spell out the economic vision for India and Russia, and ways of boosting trade, which according to an official, is “lagging behind the rest of our relations.”
With six billion dollars in bilateral trade in 2013-14, India and Russia are not expected to meet their target of $15 billion by 2015, but India wants to initiate a Free Trade Agreement with the Customs Union of Russia, Kazakhstan and Belarus.
Mr. Rogozin is not just Mr. Putin’s point person for India. He is also the Chairman of Russia’s board of the military-industrial complex, and oversees the country’s nuclear and space programmes.
Russia’s recent pivot to the east, especially in the field of energy and gas partnerships, is driven by sanctions on the Russian leadership by western countries over the Ukraine issue. Last month, Russia and China signed more than 40 agreements, including a deal to boost Russian gas exports, on the back of the mega 30-year, $400 billion deal signed between them last year.
Sources said Russia will discuss a new joint venture on the lines of the Sakhalin-1 gas fields, where India’s ONGC has a 20 per cent stake and also ground transportation and other routes for energy supplies to India. Russian company Novatek has invited Indian partners for the development and production of hydrocarbons. Mr. Rogozin’s visit may also see discussions on Russia acting as an intermediary on Indian oil imports from Iran.
According to sources the final agreement for co-development and co-production of the Fifth Generation Fighter Aircraft (FGFA) is “on track,” as differences have been sorted out.
The aircraft induction will fit in with President Putin’s plan for “import independence programme for the defence industry sector.” Other major deals under negotiation include three additional Talwar class frigates, leasing a second Akula class nuclear submarine and a trilateral agreement for development of BrahMos-M.
“If Indian state corporations, when making purchases, not only ask for the delivery of goods but also the localisation of Russian production in India, we are ready to meet them half-way,” said Minister Alexey Likhachev in an interview to Russian agency RIR last week. “We are ready to complement our proposals on the supply of vehicles, aircraft, and navigation equipment for GLONASS, with joint-venture projects in India.” While Mr. Rogozin is here, a Russian team will visit Mumbai and meet with top officials of the Department of Atomic Energy (DAE) to discuss future cooperation for Indian nuclear energy.
(With inputs from Dinakar Peri)

India is the place to invest again  says FMManu Kaushik and Anilesh S. Mahajan      Follow @manukaushik    Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 16:38 IST
FM Arun Jaitley at India Economic Summit in New Delhi on Wednesday.
More than five months after taking charge of two important ministries - finance and defence-in the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government, Arun Jaitley on Wednesday met the largest gathering of foreign and domestic investors at the India Economic Summit organised by industry body CII in New Delhi.
The minister not only tried to elaborate the economic agenda of the new government but also cleared the air around a range of issues that varied from the reforms agenda for the new government to dealing with corruption, opening up of sectors and India's stand at the World Trade Organization.
Jaitley said he was satisfied with the beginning the government had made. "It is a long journey," he said.
He said the second generation of reforms doesn't need one or two big-bang ideas.
"Reforms are not about one big idea. In fact, you can do damage with one big idea. For instance, retrospective taxation was a bad idea. One measure can't solve all the problems."
The minister said the challenges in front of the new government were too many.
"The pit was reasonably deep. Ratifying [those] will take time. There are large numbers of steps required. I ran out of paper when I was noting down the problems in the morning today. One has to constantly push the reforms agenda and need not get upset about obstacles," he said.
He said that in the current environment, no step should be taken that can potentially send out contrary signals.
"That's what the present government is doing."
He said that to market reforms in a developing country like India is very challenging.
The minister said the buzz about India is back now. People are watching India carefully.
"India is a place to invest again for foreign investors. Domestic companies who were looking to invest outside India are reconsidering their decisions," he said.
Talking on the issue of corruption, Jaitley said that in the past five months, every decision the government has pursued is in the direction of eliminating discretion. He pointed out that allocations of natural resources - coal and spectrum - became a defining moment against India.
On being asked whether evaluating government employees on the basis of the results they deliver is possible in the Indian context, the minister said that "it would be a daunting task."
Jaitley said the government will continue to follow the policy of disinvestment. "We are looking at some set of PSUs which could do better in private hands. A large number of PSUs are getting close to disclosure."
He also mentioned that in the last NDA regime, the government had opened up the insurance sector.
"We are liberalizing it further. The amended Bill will be passed in Parliament this month," he said, adding that the government is weighing the requirements of each sector.
"We recently opened up the defence sector. Last time, we allowed up to 26 per cent. One of our major decisions is to make it 49 per cent," he said.
"We have taken decisions to open up railways. Also, 60-65 per cent of people [in India] don't have proper homes. We need urbanization and sub-urbanisation in a big way." So, the minister said, the government decided to open up real estate sector for foreign investors.
"Earlier, the investment was restricted to only metros. We have now opened up for tier-II and III towns," the minister said.
Jaitley also said that the Land Acquisition Act has some provisions that need to be relooked at. "Urban infrastructure, rural infrastructure, affordable housing and housing for poor, all these require land. The law lays down a complicated procedure for the acquisition of land."
anilesh.mahajan@intoday.com

India on track to get back on growth trajectoryIndia Economic Summit 2014: Economy on track to get back on growth trajectory
Sarika Malhotra      Follow @sarikamalhotra2 New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 18:05 IST
Mahindra & Mahindra CMD Anand Mahindra highlighted that India does not need just the big bang reforms but steady, consistent reforms. (Photo: Reuters)
At the India Growth Outlook session, the panellists highlighted the challenges and opportunities India faces as investor interest in the country increases. They agreed that India was on track to get back on the growth trajectory. Foreign investors were ready to give the government time. Red tape, lack of transparency, acute shortage of skilled manpower were identified as red flags.
William Danvers, deputy secretary-general, Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), Paris, pointed out that India is at the cusp of an economic turnaround. "Clear and consistent communication between the government and the electorate would go a long way in building trust." Danvers said that the government has sent out the right signals by communicating to the people what it is doing and what it intends do. However, the biggest threat the government faces is about living up to unrealistic expectations.        
Gita Gopinath, Professor of Economics, Harvard University, pointed out that India is at a turning point. "The inflation is down, the Rupee stable, a majority government... The stage is set for stable reforms. However, India is yet to see any substantial revival of foreign investment," she highlighted.
Anand Mahindra, chairman and managing director, Mahindra & Mahindra, was optimistic. He said that after paralysis, the country was moving in the right direction. "The Indian economy is a giant flywheel and needs a number of shoulders." Mahindra highlighted that India does not need just the big bang reforms but steady, consistent reforms. "It imperative to clean the pipes and make life easier for the small and young enterprise." He urged the government to just remove the hurdles. "We have made a 100-metre race into a hurdle race." Mahindra also said that a great pull factor for the industry to increase investment again would be if the government can give visible timeline for clearing stalled projects. "That's when we will witness revival on the ground and the investment climate shall improve."       
Ajay S. Shriram, president, Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), said that state-level reforms will be cardinal to enable maximum impact of reforms. "Clearing large backlog of projects will automatically change the business sentiment."
Meanwhile, the big bang reforms to be undertaken included incentivising manufacturing, land acquisition, labour laws and building infrastructure. "Big decisions have to be taken sooner than later. The government has to keep up the momentum." Mahindra said.

Dhanbad men held for wearing ISIS shirts during Muharram processionDhanbad men detained for wearing ISIS shirts during Muharram procession
Sharad Chandra , Hindustan Times   Dhanbad/Ranchi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 20:44 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 14:07 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Dhanbad Police detained two cousins for questioning on Wednesday after they were seen wearing T-shirts printed with the words 'ISIS Pakistan' and allegedly promoting the violent militant group during a Muharram procession.
Shakir Rashid, 20, and Mohammad Javed Rashid, 22, were seen in the procession on Tuesday, but trouble began for them a day later when a local daily published Sadiq's photograph in the ISIS T-shirt.
 
Taking cognisance of the picture, police picked up the two from Indra Nagar colony.
 
Dhanbad police superintendent Hemant Toppo said, "Prima facie, we have not found any terror links (to) the three youths. The boys have revealed that they were portraying as terrorists during the street play organised on account of Muharram."
Shakir Rashid, 20, and Mohammad Javed Rashid, 22, were seen in the procession on Tuesday. (HT photo)
But other police sources said the brothers had admitted to being inspired by the terror group and that they wanted to join the organisation but couldn't do so because they didn’t know who to contact.
 
Working on a tip-off from them, the police also picked up one Sanjay Saw, 24, the owner of a printing firm for embossing “ISIS Pakistan” on the duo's T-Shirts. 
 
Vishnu Rajak, officer in-charge of the Jharia police station, said the interrogation was still on.
 
"We are verifying their antecedents and trying to find out (the) names of people who are behind these youths and supporting them into the illegal act," he said.
 
Jharkhand, has of late, been in news for being home to several sleeper cells of banned terrorist outfits, the SIMI and Indian Mujahideen. Last year’s serial blasts at Patna Gandhi Maidan during a rally by Narendra Modi was planned and executed by Jharkhand- based militant sleeper cells. All the accused in the blasts have been arrested.
 
"This is something very serious," said Jharkhand Minority Commission chairman Shahid Akhtar.
 
"Police should go deeper and expose those who are trying to instigate the vulnerable youth into such acts," he said, suggesting stringent punishments against those found guilty.
 
The youths’ family members could not be contacted.
 
"We are in constant touch with Dhanbad police. Our team will step in once they are done with their preliminary probe," additional director general of Jharkhand CID, S N Pradhan said.

FTIL to fully exit IEX by Rs 576.84 cr stake saleFTIL to fully exit IEX by Rs 576.84 crore stake sale to TVS Capital, others
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 10:35 IST
The Central Electricity Regulatory Commission had directed FTIL, led by promoter Jigesh Shah, to completely exit from IEX
Financial Technologies on Wednesday said it would fully exit IEX by selling its entire stake to a clutch of investors, including TVS Shriram Growth Fund, for Rs 576.84 crore.
"FTIL today, entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (SPA) with TVS Shriram Growth Fund 1, S. Gopalkrishnan, Lakshmi Narayanan, Rajeev Gupta, Dalmia Cement Bharat Power Ventures Limited, Kiran Vyapar Limited, TVS Capital Funds Limited, and Agri Power and Engineering Solutions Private Limited for sale of 25.64 per cent equity stake on a fully diluted basis in IEX for an aggregate consideration of Rs 576.84 crore," the company said in a statement.
The transaction is subject to fulfillment of certain condition precedents including buyout of the application software and other technology for its own use only by IEX and regulatory approvals, if any, the statement added.
In the wake of the Rs 5,600-crore National Spot Exchange (NSEL) payment scam, Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) had directed FTIL, led by promoter Jigesh Shah , to completely exit from IEX, the country's leading power exchange with more than 95 per cent market share. NSEL is a group firm of FTIL.
FTIL will completely exit IEX post completion of the transaction, the company said.

Cabinet rejig: Suresh Prabhu to play key role | Parrikar  next defence ministerSuresh Prabhu to play a key role in drafting policy on natural resources & infra in the Narendra Modi govt
Mitul Thakkar, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 10.35AM IST
Tags:
G-20
(While refusing to confirm…)
NEW DELHI: Suresh Prabhu is set to play a key role in drafting policy on natural resources and infrastructure in the Narendra Modi government. The Shiv Sena member has been given an office in South Block, where the Prime Minister's Office is located, and is expected to be given cabinet rank.
Prabhu is also expected to look after the organisation that will succeed the Planning Commission while continuing to head the advisory group for integrated development of power coal and renewable energy.
When the Modi government took charge this year, many had expected a cabinet position for Prabhu, who's known for shepherding the Electricity Act that formed the backbone for power sector reforms. In September, the government decided to elevate Prabhu but it took a while to formalise his role due to finance minister Arun Jaitley having to take time off for health reasons and assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana .
He held a meeting of experts, economists and officials on Saturday at the Prime Minister's Office on Saturday, said government sources.
While refusing to confirm or deny a possibility of his possible induction in the cabinet, Suresh Prabhu said: "The only person with the prerogative to decide that is Mr. Narendra Modi."
"Prabhu is set to play a key role in the Modi government once his appointment is notified officially. He is in the process of shifting his base to New Delhi from Mumbai as his engagements are on the rise in the national capital," said one of his close associates.
He's known for holding Modi in high regard. Prabhu, along with industrialist Gautam Adani, did not attend the Wharton Economic Forum in March last year to protest against the cancellation of Modi's keynote address. He had found the decision "ridiculous".
In the past, Prabhu has held important portfolios in the central government, including power, industry, environment, chemicals and fertilisers, heavy industry and public enterprises.
A chartered accountant, law graduate and research scholar, in June Prabhu was made the head of the advisory group for integrated development of power, coal and renewable energy that seeks to put ailing sectors back on track. The government is expected to draw from Prabhu's experience.
"Prabhu was a frequent visitor to Gujarat and worked closely with then chief minister Modi on several issues, including promotion of renewable energy. His experience in handling ministries such as power, environment and forests, industry, chemicals and fertilisers, heavy industries and public enterprises will be useful for the Modi government," said the person cited above. He added that Prabhu, who is spearheading Modi's agenda for the G-20 meeting in Australia, visited that country recently to prepare the ground for the PM's trip.
In an ET interview in May, Prabhu said the government should get more than 100 projects worth Rs 7 lakh crore moving again and usher in a new policy paradigm to boost infrastructure investment to $10 trillion in three decades.
He had also suggested that in order to boost employment opportunities, a key plank of the Modi campaign, laws that obstruct labour-intensive industries need to be reviewed so that India can develop industrial clusters as in China. He also finds mining a "necessary evil" but feels that proper distribution of royalty can curb local unrest.
Prabhu is a strong advocate of introducing reforms in the government decision-making process. He wants parliament and its committees — and not just ministries — to play a key role in formulating policies. He's in favour of empowering committees consisting of members of Parliament from different parties to come up with foolproof guidelines to introduce transparency and avoid controversies. In the past, Prabhu has chaired the task force for interlinking of rivers, a post with cabinet rank.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SMEs get a boost with loans from fin service...You are here: Home > Collections
SMEs get a shot in the arm with loans from financial services companies
Shonali Advani, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 11.13AM IST
Tags:
e-commerce
(In addition to helping merchants…)
BENGALURU: Fashion portal Myntra introduced Manoj Lakhotia, managing partner of its jeans supplier Tauruz, to Capital Float to underwrite its receivables. Capital Float is among the several financial services start-ups that are in the business of lending to small and medium-sized companies and are raising money from eager investors.
"We get 95% of our payment in seven days of supplying goods and balance on the 60th day . Money rotation in our business is faster and therefore increases supply and turnover," said Lakhotia, whose firm entered into a business arrangement with Capital Float.
In addition to helping merchants launch new brands and categories online, the loans have helped companies buy more stock and significant ly increase sales on e-commerce marketplaces, said Gaurav Hinduja, co-founder of the Bengaluru-based Capital Float. "The flexible na ure of our loans also helps them get cash disounts from suppliers and reduce their dependence on informal sources," he said.
The latest Venture Intelligence data for invest ments in microfinance institutions (MFIs) and lending to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) shows increasing inves tor confidence in an underserved segment.
Venture capital investments since the be ginning of the year stand at $24 million over four deals compared to $16 million in five deals in the corresponding period last year.
Private equity investments have, however, been lower this year at $56 million across seven deals compared to $61 million in nine deals last year.
Beyond venture funds, the sector has caught the attention of their limited partners (LPs). Four of Lok Capital's LPs have offered non-convertible debentures ( N C D s ) to visiterfinance inBengaluru, its portfolio company. Similarly, French development finance institution Proparco, also Lok Capital's LP since 2010 has invested equity and NCDs in IFMR Rural Channels and Services, another in vestee company .
"When we enter a fund we want to have a co-invest opportunity to get some upside from the fund we are investing in," said Phillippe Serres, investment officer-private equity at Proparco. "There's a huge gap between the number of people be ing serviced by financial services institutions and potential clients.The timing's right now for crea tion of more companies or MSMEs waiting to receive fund ing and with the potential to grow. This space has both eco nomic and social benefit," he added.
India has about 26 million MSMEs, most of which are not catered to by formal banking system or MFIs. According to a working report by the ministry of MSMEs for the 12th Five-Year Plan(2012-2017), the sector accounts for 45% of India's manufacturing output and 40% of exports while employing 69 million people. However, it suffers from a serious credit gap.
"MSMEs are the underdog of financial services space. Mainstream financial services providers haven't figured out the segment, mainly because they go into generic products," said Sandeep Farias, founder and managing director of social fund Elevar Equity.
Non-banking financial companies (NBFCs), though plenty in number, cater to higher tickets sizes while MFIs on the other end of the spectrum provide micro credit and work on a group lending model. The gap lies with individual lending to micro-entrepreneurs seeking working capital loans or for equipment. MFIs can't cater to them because they don't have capability to assess cash flows and collaterals of this class of customers while NBFCs find it difficult to go downstream because of high cost of operations.
Addressing this is a new rung of financial services start-ups with business models and customised products, and differentiated credit approach to facilitate credit flow to MSMEs.
"The lending space has been evolving over time with interesting slices coming out of traditional models," said Badri Pillapakkam, director-investments team at Omidyar Network.
Vistaar in Bengaluru works on branch-based model and loan amounts ranging between `40,000 and `25 lakh are offered through two products - Small Business Mortgage Loan targeted at small businesses, self-employed and traders; and a Small Business Hypothecation Loan for non-farm enterprises, cottage industries and shops. For loans above `1 lakh it offers loan against immovable property , otherwise a hypothecation of stocks or assets is considered adequate.
"NBFCs can break even at a branch level and can be achieved quickly if you do certain things right.You don't have to stay invested for long to prove if the model is working right," said Vishal Mehta, cofounder and managing director of Lok Capital, which has funded Vistaar and IFMR from its second fund with a corpus of $65 million focused on financial inclusion.

Pakistan rejects US allegation it supports militant proxies againstIndiaPrint
Pakistani army troops ride military vehicles as they leave the Malir cantonment for deployment, Saturday, Nov. 1, 2014 in Karachi, Pakistan. Pakistani authorities decided to deploy army troops in sensitive areas during mourning days of Muharram, the first month of the Islamic calendar, which is observed around the world for 10 days of mourning in remembrance of the martyrdom of Imam Hussein, the grandson of Prophet Mohammed. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Islamabad | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:26 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 2:41 pm
Pakistan has summoned the U.S. ambassador to reject allegations in a Pentagon report that Islamabad supports militant proxies in neighboring India and Afghanistan.
A foreign ministry statement said National Security and Foreign Affairs adviser Sartaj Aziz conveyed the complaint to U.S. Ambassador Richard Olson in a meeting at the ministry.
ALSO READ: Pakistan using militants as proxies to counter superior Indian military, says Pentagon
The U.S. Defense Department report, titled “Progress Toward Security and Stability in Afghanistan,” said militants battling in Afghanistan and India continue to enjoy safe havens in Pakistan, which uses the fighters as a hedge against its loss of influence in Afghanistan and as a counterweight to India’s superior military.
The statement says the allegations are of particular concern now, given that the Pakistani military is waging a major offensive against militants in North Waziristan, a tribal region bordering Afghanistan.

Amnesty condemns new wave of Central AfricanviolencePrint
By: Agence-France Presse | Bangui | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:24 pm
Amnesty International on Thursday accused Central African militias of killings, mutilation of bodies and abductions in a fresh wave of violence, calling for more peacekeepers to stop the bloodshed.
Dozens of civilians have been killed and thousands displaced in the latest attacks, the rights group said in a new report, adding that a range of armed militias “continue to enjoy impunity” because international forces are stretched so thin.
In one attack near Bambari on October 8, the mostly Christian anti-balaka militia stopped a vehicle containing 24 people.
“They let all of the Christians go,” a survivor told Amnesty. “All of the Muslim men whom they caught were killed. They undressed their bodies to humiliate them, and cut them into pieces, chopping off their hands and feet.”
Desperately poor Central African Republic has been torn apart since a March 2013 coup set in motion a cycle of violence involving a range of ethnic militias.
Many towns and villages have been left nearly deserted by the violence, with around 410,000 people internally displaced over the past 18 months – many forced into squalid camps or living rough in the bush.
In the town of Dekoa, Amnesty found the entire Christian population had taken refuge in a church or fled.
On October 10, the mostly Muslim Seleka forces surrounded the church and opened fire with grenades and rifles on the refugees inside. Nine people were killed, including four children.
“The priest told the Seleka not to shoot, that there were women inside. When they knocked him down, they started shooting. My wife, Huguette Kenguena, was shot in the back. My baby son was shot in the head,” said one survivor.
The rest were saved by the intervention of the French troops.
The town’s Muslims were also under threat from other militias. Only 63 Muslims remained from a population of over 1,000, also protected by the small French contingent.
“We’re complete prisoners,” the town’s imam told Amnesty. “We stay close together and hardly move.”
French, European and United Nations peacekeepers have saved many lives, Amnesty said, but with the UN peacekeeping force “still several thousand troops short of its mandated numbers, they have not been able to prevent escalating violence in the country’s central region.”
Fresh violence has also broken out in the capital Bangui, leaving dozens dead and displacing more than 6,500 people in October alone. International peacekeepers have also come under attack and faced violent protests.

Varanasi preparing to welcome Prime Minister NarendraModiBy: Press Trust of India | Varanasi | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:22 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to undertake tomorrow his first visit to his Lok Sabha constituency Varanasi after assuming charge.
Preparations are in full swing and tight security is in place in the ancient temple town where Modi is expected to lay the foundation stone of a trade facilitation centre for weavers and also adopt a village under his “Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana” (MPs’ model village scheme).
According to Inspector General of Police (Public Grievances) Ashok Jain, 12 SP rank police officials of Uttar Pradesh, 18 Additional SPs, 20 Deputy SPs, 135 sub-inspectors, besides more than 1000 personnel of the Provincial Armed Constabulary have been deployed.
The Special Protection Group (SPG) which is responsible for the Prime Minister’s security would be assisted by officials and personnel of the Uttar Pradesh police.
Although there has been no official communication so far as to who would be coming along with the PM,  I G (Law and Order) A Satish Ganesh said arrangements have been made keeping mind the possibility of “five to six Union Ministers” accompanying Modi.
The Prime Minister’s visit, which is likely to last a little over 24 hours, has sent soaring the hope of a better future among residents of the temple town, which has been attracting people from far and wide since times immemorial.
Among the oldest cities in the world, Varanasi has been constantly in the spotlight ever since Modi chose to retain the constituency he had won by a huge margin of 3.7 lakh votes, vacating Vadodara in his home state of Gujarat where his victory (by 5.7 lakh votes) was even bigger.
Soon after the Bharatiya Janata Party won the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, Modi had visited the city and offered prayers at Kashi Vishwanath Mandir and taken part in Ganga Aarti.
During his tour, the Prime Minister is likely to lay the foundation stone of a trade facilitation centre and a crafts museum, announcement for which was made in the first general budget presented by his government in June this year.
The project is aimed at the uplift of the weavers, whose plight had been repeatedly highlighted in election speeches by Modi who had vowed to take steps for their betterment.
The Prime Minister is also likely to “adopt” a village under the “Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana”, announced by him in his Independence Day address as an attempt to “empower villagers”.
The Prime Minister, who had expressed his intention to transform the country “from scam India to skill India” – alluding to the numerous corruption allegations which the previous UPA government found itself mired in and pointing towards the need to encourage entrepreneurship – is also likely to inaugurate a skill development centre based on the Public Private Partnership model.
Local BJP leaders are upbeat over the first visit of the Prime Minister, who won the Lok Sabha seat by the highest margin ever recorded for this constituency.
Modi’s decision to fight continued…

Its make-or-break phase for Japan s economic...(The sales tax increase has…)
By Jonathan Soble
TOKYO: Hiroyuki Hara has increased prices at his flower shop in recent months, part of a broad reversal of the deflation that has long plagued Japan's economy. Getting prices rising is a national goal, but Hara isn't sure the new landscape is any more vibrant.
"We used to get a lot of office workers in here, but now it's mostly just older people, the ones with savings," he says. Sales are down this year. He blames the shrinking buying power of his customers' paychecks.
Hara's own costs are mounting, too, as a precipitous decline in the value of Japan's currency has made imported flowers pricier. And although he is charging more, the extra money is going to the government, which controversially raised sales taxes in April. A further tax increase is planned for next year. "It has me worried," Hara says.
Japan's audacious campaign to reinvigorate its economy is entering a make-or-break phase.
After nearly two years of aggressive stimulus under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, joblessness has plunged, big companies like Toyota are earning record profits, and corrosive price declines have been replaced by something Japan has rarely seen in decades - inflation.
Yet the benefits of Abenomics, as the program is known, have been unevenly distributed. Many consumers and businesses simply don't feel better off.
The problem threatens to undermine support for the effort at a critical juncture. Economic output fell sharply in the second quarter, immediately after April's sales tax increase - evidence that consumer confidence remains fragile. Abe will soon have to decide whether to move forward with the next tax increase or table it.
"There is a spreading sense of disappointment with Abenomics," says Masazumi Wakatabe, an economics professor at Waseda University in Tokyo. The fact that prices are rising is not, by itself, a bad thing. Just the opposite: The government and most economists see it as preferable to the deflation that has dogged Japan since the late 1990s.
When prices fall, it encourages households and businesses to squirrel away cash, holding back growth. Deflation also makes it difficult for central banks to rally an economy by cutting interest rates, which in Japan have been stuck at zero for years.
Yet the public is showing clear signs of inflation fatigue. In a poll published Monday by the Tokyo Broadcasting System, a national television network, nine in 10 respondents said they had no "real feeling" that the government initiatives were improving living standards.
Instead of the balanced rise in prices and wages that Abe promised, pay has lagged, in effect making workers poorer. Adjusted for price changes, household incomes were down a full 6 percent in September compared with a year earlier.
Kathy M. Matsui, an analyst at Goldman Sachs, says sluggish wage growth is partly the flip side to Japan's protective employment practices. "The social contract is what? It's when times are tough, unlike in the West, we'll keep you on the payroll, although we'll slash your wages," she says. "But then when times get good, you don't get as much of what you might get elsewhere."
Rather than ease efforts to create inflation, the central bank has redoubled them. In an unexpected decision, the Bank of Japan said Friday it would expand its program of buying government bonds and other assets to the equivalent of more than $700 billion a year. The move, intended to stimulate borrowing and spending, spurred a rally in global stocks.
"We are at a critical point for escaping deflation," Haruhiko Kuroda, the central bank governor, said, adding that "half measures" would only bring back Japan's "deflationary mindset." Hinting at what could be more stimulus to come, he added that the Bank of Japan would do whatever it took to meet its official target of 2 percent "core" price increases, a measure that excludes the effect of taxes and other items.
  But the aggressive stimulus, which has pushed down the value of the yen, is only complicating matters. At the outset, the currency's retreat was universally embraced as a relief for Japan's many exporters. Now it is feeding concerns that imports are too expensive. The value of the yen is down more than 30 percent against the dollar since 2012. Exports were supposed to flourish in response, but the trade balance has instead been stuck in deficit.
It is not just the flowers in Hara's shop that are costlier, but also big-ticket items like oil and natural gas, consumption of which has soared since the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011. Nuclear power plants remain closed nationwide, and electricity bills have leapt by double digits as a consequence.
"If the yen weakens any further, it would be bad for Japan's economy as a whole," Genichi Tamatsuka, the president of Lawson, one of Japan's biggest convenience store chains, told reporters this week.

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 review: The digital notebook in your pocketSamsung Galaxy Note 4 has a price tag of Rs 58,300.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 4, 2014 11:21 am | Updated: November 5, 2014 10:46 am
Since its launch in 2011, the Samsung Galaxy Note series has stood apart as the most powerful and productive of Android smartphones. With millions of units sold across the world over three versions since, Samsung must have had its job cut out trying to think of new features to add to this phablet. So can the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 offer a good upgrade for Note loyalists while trying to pull in some new users?
Specs: 5.7-inch quadHD SUper Amoled display (1440x2560p, ~515 ppi) | Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 quad-core 2.7 GHz processor | 3GB RAM | 32GB internal + up to 128GB external | 16MP rear + 3.7MP front | Li-Ion 3220 mAh battery | S-Pen | 4G LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4
Rs 58,300
Design: Samsung has not budged from its design philosophy for the Note 4. It looks and feels like the rest of the Note series, though there is a metal band the runs around the bezels. The Note 4 is a bit bigger and slightly thicker than the Note 3 and hence adds a few more grams to the overall weight. The Note 4 is a big phone is large and needs to be gripped well and handled with care, especially when you are trying to pull out the stylus from its home under the screen.
Display: This is where the Note 4 pushes away from the competition. Yes, there are a handful of other phones with QuadHD screens, but then this one is from Samsung. Just keep the screen near any other top end phone and you will realise the difference. It is clearer and brighter than anything on FullHD. Plus, the display comes with auto brightness control and you will not need to change brightness if you are moving out from a dark room. Switch this off and you can make the screen super bright if needed.
Performance: With so much real estate, it would be a shame if you could not do more. So with the Note 4 you can take multi-tasking to a new level by using multi-windows. Yes, there are other phones with multi-window too, but I haven’t seen many that let you drag and reduce a window to a corner so that you can take notes from it. But this feature does not work with some apps and I had trouble at times dragging the window down. But overall, the Note 4 is the best multi-tasker around and it won’t take you long to realise that. And while it is doing a lot of this backbreaking work it does not so much as let out a whimper. But that is why I was surprised that the phone heats up when you are browsing or streaming video from YouTube.
Special mention: In the second swipe of the phone’s home screen are tools that need continued…

Missed the big surge on St Heres what to doYou are here: Home > Collections > Investors
Missed the massive rally on Sensex? Here’s what experts say you should do
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 5, 2014, 03.23PM IST
Tags:
Arvind Sethi
(Analysts at top brokerages…)
NEW DELHI: Bulls are clearly ruling the Dalal Street and this is evident from the fact the S&P BSE Sensex pierced the psychological 28,000 level for the first time ever in trade on Wednesday.
The S&P BSE Sensex, which has already rallied over 32 per cent so far in the year 2014, has some more room on the upside, say analysts. So, investors who have missed out on the massive rally need not worry and should look to enter the markets on dips, they say.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market, which will take the Sensex and the Nifty to fresh record highs for the rest of the year as well and in the next 12 months. The index is well on its way to hit the 30,000 mark by the December-end and probably 35000 levels by the end of 2015.
"The Indian stock market is in a strong bull run and investors should hold long positions and trail stop losses, while fresh investors should use every small dip to enter in a long position," says Rohit Gadia, Founder & CEO, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd.
"By the year-end we are expecting the Nifty to test the levels of 9000 and the Sensex to test the levels of 32,000. This bull run is majorly supported by positive domestic and global cues," he adds.
There are many positives that are working for the Indian markets. Apart from stable macros, recent announcement of BOJ stimulus plans also helped the rise.
According to experts, the announcement of the additional stimulus package from the Japanese central bank is a positive news development for India, and with macros situation well balanced, India stands out compared to other emerging market economies.
The fall in crude is supportive for the Indian economy and is positive for OMC pack, as it will help meet the fiscal deficit target. And with the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms getting implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of list of FIIs despite global concerns.
What should investors do?
Have you ever heard the phrase 'The trend is your friend'? Yes, investors should look at opportunities to enter markets or buy quality stocks on dips, considering the fact that the trend is still on the upside.
"Yes, the momentum is going to continue. The general rule of thumb when it comes to mark trends is this: don't bet against the trend unless you know something that the market doesn't know. And, more likely than not, you don't have information that the market has not already priced in," says Raghu Kumar, Cofounder, RKSV.
The tide is so strong upward that at some point, consolidation is bound to happen and investors will begin booking profits at the slightest sight of negative news, and this is the time when new money can come in, which is waiting on the sidelines.
"We might see a month or two of sideways movement, but that being said, the upward movement is based on sound fundamentals (GDP growth, low inflation, stable currency, strong government reforms, consumer confidence) and not mere speculation. That's what makes this a special case," adds Kumar.
Kumar is of the view that if reforms are properly implemented and the US does not raise interest rates earlier than expected, we can expect the markets to appreciate 15-20 per cent next year. This means the Sensex can hit 36,000 by Oct 31, 2015.
Where to invest?
One thing which investors should understand is the fact that the markets are not hitting new highs due to speculation, but due to the fundamental soundness in the economy.
A rising GDP, low inflation, controlled currency and a CAD that is being closely kept under control coupled with a reform-based government are prominent factors which kept the momentum going for the markets.
 
Betting on economic recovery, most experts are of the view that cyclicals, financials and pharma will be the sectors to watch out for in the next 12 months. Cyclicals more so because of the reform push by the government.
Apart from that, companies that focus on an online-only model that leverages technology, mobile, and the internet are going to do wonders.
"Our two favourites are IT and the pharmaceutical sector. On the consumer discretionary side, there is little more optimism. The consumer staples have been fairly sort of slack in the last quarter," says Arvind Sethi, Managing Director and CEO, TATA Asset Management.
"In terms of infrastructure, we like cement because if some of these big roadway projects, etc, get going, they will put up the demand for cement and these companies will benefit immediately," he adds.
Analysts are also positive on banking stocks as they are among the best plays on the overall economic revival story and lower interest rate scenario.
"In the banking space, we like both private and PSU banks as inflation is likely to come down going forward and this would be followed by lower interest rates. Lower interest rates are expected to act as a positive catalyst for the economy in general and the banking sector in specific," says Dinesh Thakkar, CMD at Angel Broking.

BJP replaces Latehar candidate for links with banned left-wing extremist groupPrint
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi | Posted: November 6, 2014 10:38 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 10:39 am
The BJP on Wednesday replaced Narayan Bhokta as its Latehar candidate after the banned left-wing extremist organisation Tritiya Sammelan Prastuti Committee (TSPC) informed the party of his links with it. Former MP Braj Mohan Ram will now contest from the seat. He filed his papers on Wednesday, the last date for submission.
Sources in the TSPC told this newspaper that Narayan Bhokta was once the deputy zonal commander of Latehar. He was removed from the party after allegations of mismanagement relating to collection of levy cropped up.
A spokesperson for the BJP said that Bhokta was replaced after the party came to know of certain criminal cases against him. “He has an outstanding warrant against him. We talked to our lawyers and found out that he could be arrested soon. He had hidden the details of his case in his application for candidature,” said Pradeep Sinha of the BJP.
TSPC sources say the BJP was unaware of Bhokta’s past till one of its leaders reached out to the party. Apparently, the TSPC is unhappy that Ganesh Ganjhu, the elder brother of its supremo Brajesh Ganjhu, was denied a ticket.
Ganesh Ganjhu denied that he had informed the BJP. “Someone must have shown the chargesheet against Bhokta to the party. After all, we all know he has cases against him. I, on the other hand, have no case against my name,” he said.
Ganjhu, who defected from the JMM and joined the BJP ahead of the Lok Sabha elections, recently left the party. “I was promised the Simaria assembly seat ahead of the Lok Sabha elections. I was taken to Delhi. I even came first in the internal elections of the party. Then, they gave it to someone else,” he said. He resigned and has since joined Babulal Marandi’s JVM(P). Mamta Devi, the wife of TSPC’s Zonal Commander Laxman Ganjhu and Chatra’s zila parishad president, is also a member of the JVM(P).

Kerala youth shot at in NCC firing range diesThe cadet had sustained injuries in September. (Photo for representative purpose only)
Written by Shaju Philip | Posted: November 6, 2014 10:48 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 10:49 am
A National Cadet Corps (NCC) cadet from Kerala, who had suffered bullet injury during a firing practice at NCC camp, died early on Thursday, sources said.
The victim, 18-year-old M. Anas died at a hospital in Bangalore. A first-year degree student from Kannur, Anas had sustained serious injuries during a firing practice held in a private college campus in Kannur in the second week of September. The bullet fired by another cadet accidentally hit his right chest.
The NCC had earlier dubbed the injury as minor, but the youth’s limbs were paralysed. Later, he was shifted to a hospital in Bangalore for expert treatment. The state government had assured all assistance for the treatment of the youth.
According to sources, Anas was clearing the remains of the previous day’s practice, when the officer in charge reportedly gave firing orders. He had not noticed Anas repairing the target.
Local police had registered a case and NCC had also begun a probe into the incident.

CPI plans rally to press Mani s resignation over Kerala bar licence issuePrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:00 am
While CPI(M) is soft-peddling on corruption charges against Kerala Finance Minister K M Mani in the bar licence issue, CPI, the second leading ally in the Left Democratic Front , going alone demanding the minister’s resignation.
On November 12, the CPI would hold a march to the state secretariat, demanding the resignation of Mani. The party also wanted judicial probe into the allegation that Mani, leader of Kerala Congress (M), took a bribe of Rs 1 crore to renew bar licence.
On Wednesday, CPI (M) had decided to confine its role in demanding investigation by a special team of Kerala police. The party did not favour either the CBI probe or a judicial probe.  CPI (M) soft approach towards Mani had drawn criticism from various quarters. Despite demanding probe by a special police team, CPI (M) had not planned any open protest against Mani.
On Thursday, CPI state secretary Pannian Raveendran said there is an impression among the people that LDF has taken a soft approach towards Mani expecting to forge an alliance with his party. “The Left silence has embarrassed the people. The special police probe would not yield result as that Congress government can even reject even such a probe report,” said Raveendran.
He said there was no question of forging any alliance with Mani to capture power in Kerala. We hope all the Left parties would go for a concerted agitation demanding Mani’s resignation, said Raveendran.

Samsung s India smartphone share down sharpl...You are here: Home > Collections > Micromax
Canalys says Samsung India smartphone share down in Q3; Korean firm disputes
Danish Khan, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 11.49AM IST
Tags:
Canalys
(Analytical firm Canalys…)
SHANGHAI: Analytical firm Canalys has said that market leader Samsung has lost 6 percentage points sequentially of its smartphone share in India in the third quarter, due mainly to stiff competition from local and Chinese players with aggressive pricing strategies, a finding disputed by the Korean major.
At the end of the July-September period, Samsung had a 22% share of the fast growing but volatile India market, with home bred Micromax breathing down its neck with 21% share, though flat on quarter, Canalys said. Major gainers in the period were local vendors Lava and Karbonn, with the former displacing the later at the No. 3 slot. Motorola, without taking into account Lenovo's share, lost 2 percentage points but continued at fifth place with 5% share.
Canalys research analyst Rushabh Doshi said that the pressure on Samsung will mount further, given the steady process of the Android One devices with local partners Intex, Karbonn and Micromax at the low end in India. "As volumes will grow and more partners come on board, Samsung will face more pressure in the market."
Samsung though has disputed such findings, saying these are based on shipments, not actual sales. Recent data from Gfk - which tracks actual sales - showed Samsung expanding its lead over Micromax in India's smartphone market in September, while Nokia retained its third spot, significantly ahead of Lava and Karbonn.
The data showed Samsung had achieved a 33% market share in September after gaining over a percentage point from August. Micromax came in second with more than 18% share, adding a tad over the previous month, while Finnish handset maker Nokia, now owned by Microsoft, managed to keep itself going at No 3 with 12% share.
Samsung though has been hurting globally as well, due mainly to weakness in its mobile business. At the global level, Samsung retained a 25% share of the third quarter shipments in terms of volume, down 9 percentage point from its high of 34% a year ago in the third quarter of 2013, reflecting another tough quarter for the vendor as it struggles with channel inventory issues and growing competition, Canalys said.
The research firm also suggested that the top three Indian smartphone vendors - Micromax, Lava and Karbonn - have potential to be disruptive on the global stage in times to come.
All the three vendors sell their devices outside India already. Micromax has already forayed in to the Russian market, while Karbonn also plans to enter the market soon. Both the players along with Lava already sell their devices in India's neighbouring countries such as Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, and in the Middle Eastern market.
A number of Chinese smartphone vendors such as Xiaomi, Oppo and Gionee have entered the Indian market in the last 12 months. "Chinese vendors are looking to India as an emerging high-growth opportunity. But with regulatory concerns over data sovereignty, international vendors with already established brands, and promising domestic vendors with local differentiation to contend with, the challenge for them to gain a real foothold should not be underestimated," said Doshi.
The overall Indian smartphone market has gone up 84% in the third quarter of 2014, against the same quarter a year ago.
  The large middle class, the rising popularity of online channels and the increasing availability of better quality, aggressively priced smartphones and affordable mobile data tariffs are all driving the smartphone market in India forward, said Doshi.
The global smartphone market, on the other hand, grew 23% in the third quarter over the same period of 2013 with a shipment total exceeding 300 million units in a quarter for the first time. Samsung held 25% share, followed by Apple at the second spot with 13%, driven by pent-up demand for its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.
Xiaomi stood at third place with 6% share, followed closely by Lenovo at 5%, and Huawei, also at 5%.
Mainland China accounted for 34% of the third quarter smartphone shipments, with the United States at 13% and India at 6%.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cognizant Q3 revenue at $2.58 bn; full year revenue seen $10.13 - $10.16 bnCFO
(The GAAP net income…)
BENGALURU: Cognizant Technology Solutions reported a revenue growth that was on the upper band of its earlier forecast and marginally increased its guidance for the fourth quarter and for the full-year, marking a slight comeback after bumping down in the earlier quarter.
The Teaneck, New Jersey-based company, celebrated for its scorching pace of growth for the last few years, recorded revenues of $2.58 billion, a 2.5% sequential growth, much lower than two of the country's largest software exporters, TCS and Infosys.
However, for the fiscal year, the Nasdaq-listed company lifted its guidance to 15%, at the upper-end of Nasscom guidance of growth of 13-15% for the IT sector.
"There is a tremendous opportunity in the marketplace as the advent of new digital technologies, global economic pressures, and an evolving regulatory environment force businesses across all industries to change and adapt faster than ever before," Francisco D'Souza, chief executive of Cognizant said in a statement.
The company's net income rose to $355.6 million, up 11.3% from the year-ago period, boosted by growth in net income. Cognizant reported a 3.6% sequential growth from manufacturing, retail and logistics service lines, which together account for one-fifth of company's revenues.
Hearteningly, Cognizant has upticked its guidance for revenues for full year and estimates it to be between $10.13 billion and $10.16 billion, marking a change in sentiment from the three month period earlier when it cuts its full-year growth outlook as it believed it was taking longer to close large deals. The company had said at the end of second quarter that it expects revenue to grow 14%. This marginal revised guidance does not take into account revenue inflow from US-based healthcare software specialist TriZetto, which it bought in the last quarter for $2.7 billion (around 15,000 crore) in cash.
In an investor call, D'Souza said that the client-specific problems flagged in the second quarter were "abating" and the company does not consider them to be a "concern".
Brokerages such as US-based Baird Equity Research said the earnings were encouraging.
"We are encouraged by the Q3 beat and guidance raise," Baird analysts David J Koning, Adam Dahms and Eric Ciura said in a note after the earnings.
"We think that the stock is a good value, given its discount to Infosys (despite faster revenue growth) and potential for upside to consensus 2015 estimates from the TriZetto acquisition," they added. "Our overall demand environment remains strong and our results this quarter highlight that we are competing, winning and executing transformational engagements for clients in various industry segments globally," said Gordon Coburn, President.
Last year, Cognizant's revenue outstripped that of Infosys - a company founded more than 13 years before it was - making it the second-largest India-based IT company.
But that growth has been showing signs of weakness as large integrated deals take longer to close and its US healthcare business struggle with sales, a worrying sign for the rest of the over $108 billion Indian outsourcing industry.
Although higher customer spending in the US, which accounts for over two-thirds of revenues reported a 2.7% sequential growth, revenues from Europe, minus United Kingdom, which contribute for 7.6% of revenues, saw a de-growth of 2.6% sequentially.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupert Murdoch s News Corp in talks to invest in Bigdecisions.inRupert Murdoch's News Corp in talks to invest in financial education website Bigdecisions.in
Sugata Ghosh & Arijit Barman, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 01.09AM IST
Tags:
advertising
(Murdoch’s News Corp is…)
MUMBAI: A fledgling, financial education website that was conceived by a former banker, fascinated by his father's copious records of grocery prices and household budgets for over 20 years, has now caught the attention of the none other than Rupert Murdoch - the world's biggest media magnate.
A year ago, former Citi banker and IIM-Ahmedabad alumnus Manish Shah tied up with a former-Arthur Andersen and KPMG consultant-turned-techie-turned-insurance professional Gaurav Roy to start Bigdecisions.in. This self-funded venture, which has already clocked 100,000 users so far, has been looking for growth capital for its next phase of expansion. Murdoch's News Corp is currently in advance discussions with the founding promoters of the start-up for a strategic investment, which could even end up in a controlling interest, said multiple sources aware of the discussions.
Facing a drop in advertising and subscription revenues, the global media giant has been branching out of its traditional publishing businesses with investments in newer ventures especially in digital and consumer internet properties. If successful, this will also mark the return of Murdoch - one of the earliest backers of local digital properties like Indya.com and Bazee - in this rapidly growing space that has already witnessed unprecedented investor frenzy after almost a decade. Last June, the Australian American billionaire officially split his empire into two separate companies, divorcing News Corp.'s print entities from its broadcast and entertainment operations which got housed under 21st Century Fox.
BigDecisions.in helps retail users make smarter and more informed financial decisions by providing a free platform comprising informative and interactive videos, customised financial calculators and other content that can be used as a starting point of the needs analysis and the financial planning process. They primarily focus on an individual's crucial financial decisions -- retirement planning, children's education, home buying, life and health insurance - hence the moniker. The target audience is someone who has no answers to questions like how much insurance is needed or whether to buy or rent a flat and so on. Interestingly in India, 70% of all research for key financial decisions begin online.
Mumbai-headquartered BigDecisions.in is an initiative of FinDirect Services Private Limited (FinDirect) - a firm that Shah and Roy founded. So far the duo have themselves invested over Rs 50 lakh in developing the platform, supported by a team of six.
When contacted, Manish A Shah, Co-Founder & CEO, told ET, "We have been looking at external growth capital to expand our product offering and to further build it out. So far the two founders have funded the project entirely on their own. We are discussing with several potential investors. Beyond that I cannot comment on specific details or discussions."
Ashley Hudson , Senior VP & media spokesperson at News Corp told ET in an email response that the company would be unable to comment on any rumours or speculation .
Mails sent to Raju Narisetti, senior vice-president for strategy, News Corp, who is also spearheading the group's media and investment interests in India, went unanswered till the time of going to press.
The fund raising is to further help in building the data analytics and technology platform for even more customised data like city and neighbourhood specific historical pricing and rates; expanding the team and strengthen the marketing and brand building efforts. The company is targeting a million visitors a year from a current monthly run rate of 25,000 a month while 30% of its visitors are repeat.
Unlike several of its peers who focus on personal finance, as a platform BigDecisions.in does not charge a visitor nor does it mandate him/ her to register to be able to use its service. Industry experts say, mostly financial planners advise work offline or websites like Perfios, Intuit help in managing investments, taxes, documents online but need registered users for money management. They help unregistered users only with tax filings.
For execution or buying or financial products they have tied up with other 3rd party online sellers like Fundsindia.com or policybazaar.com," said an official familiar with the venture.
"As a platform their underlying objective is customer education and not selling products. So they are free from any vested interest. Typically, objectivity is a problem as advisors may have a motive behind pushing particular products," explained an industry source. "Their financial calculators with 5-10 different parameters are also far more evolved and can be customised as per an individual's need. The answers therefore are closer to reality," he added.
Murdoch's tactical investments in recent times coincides with its strategy to aggressively expand its internet presence in key markets to grow digitally and globally, making technology a canvas for content. In September, it acquired Move Inc , an operator of real estate listings website for $950 million in cash. Other recent acquisitions in the region include a stake in employment listings portal Seek Asia. The company, through REA, an online real estate services provider in Australia , has forged partnerships in China and Hong Kong, besides buying a $100-million stake in iProperty.com, which has a network of sites across Asia, including in India.
Globally, News Corp consolidated its digital strategy with buyouts like Storyful, a social media news agency, and romance novel specialist Harlequin, which accelerated the international digital expansion of HarperCollins, its publishing arm.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets @ new high! Dont see smooth ride hereon  Sensex may turn negative: Expertbeneficiary
("The momentum may not continue…)
The present momentum may not continue for the Indian markets as interest rates are going to be raised in the US next year and the RBI may not cut rates before FY16. So we can expect significant volatility. The Nifty can give no or negative returns in the next 1 year, says Yogesh Nagaonkar, VP: Institutional Equities, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd in an exclusive interview with Kshitij Anand of EconomicTimes.com. Excerpts:
Q) The Indian markets managed to hit fresh record highs in October itself. Do you think the momentum is likely to continue? If yes, what is your target for the Sensex and the Nifty for Dec-end and for the next 12 months?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: The momentum may not continue as interest rates are going to be raised in the US next year. The RBI is not going to cut rates before FY16. So we can expect significant volatility. The Nifty can give no or negative returns in the next 1 year.
Q) The US Federal Reserve might have done away with QE, but Japan has already started its own rounds of quantitative easing and Europe is expected to join soon. Do you think India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue? If yes, then why?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: The QE of Europe and Japan is very small compared to that of the US and it can have a short-term positive impact on the Indian markets only and not a sustained one. We are not hopeful about any new fund flow into India from these economies.
Q) What is going on with the rupee? The Indian currency is near its two-week low on the back of strong dollar. Where do you see the currency headed in the near term?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: The dollar is going to strengthen further and we would not be surprised if the dollar reaches 65 vs the rupee in the near term.
Q) What do you think will be the next big trigger for the markets? Will it be reforms, interest rate cut or the Budget that will drive the next wave for the markets?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: The Budget will be the next big trigger for the Indian market. If the next Budget fails to live up to the expectations of the market, then the market will react negatively. Not any significant reforms have been seen from the Modi government as of yet and the market will be disappointed if they don't bring big reforms like GST.
Q) The Indian economy is already showing signs of recovery, inflation is falling and the government has already pushed some big bang reforms and more are in the offing. Keeping all that in mind, where do you see FII investment in equities for this fiscal?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: The only big reform the government has taken is the deregulation of diesel and that is because crude oil prices are favourable. Inflation is coming down & economy has shown signs of turnaround, but the market has risen by 40% since the last 1.5 years. We have to wait for 2 quarterly earnings to say if valuations justify this rally. FII inflows will taper on the back of ending of bond-buying program by the US. We can end the year at around $20b.
Q) Give any five stock ideas which are low value, but have a lot of potential in the coming years and why?
 
Yogesh Nagaonkar: We like Unitech, Suzlon, Reliance Communications, GMR Infrastructure, and DLF because of debt restructuring program. As the market has improved, these companies will be able to raise money and reduce their debt. These stocks are highly undervalued & will see huge buying once they are able to reduce their debt.
Q) Which are the sectors to bet on as the markets hit record high? And, the sectors where one should be book some profits or go underweight on?
Yogesh Nagaonkar: We are betting on real estate, cement, capital goods, and IT. The new government is giving emphasis on building new cities, and the real estate sector will benefit from it. The construction & cement sectors will also benefit from it. The IT sector will continue to perform because of improving US economy & a weak rupee. One can book profits in the pharma & PSU spaces.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analyst's own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

New drug to replaceantibioticsBy: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:38 pm
In a breakthrough, scientists have developed the first effective alternative to antibiotics that may aid the fight against drug-resistant infections.
In a small patient trial, the drug was shown to be effective at eradicating the superbug Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA).
Researchers said it is unlikely that the infection could develop resistance against the new treatment, which is already available as a cream for skin infections.
They hope to develop a pill or an injectable version of the drug within five years.
The treatment marks “a new era in the fight against antibiotic-resistant bacteria,” according to Mark Offerhaus, chief executive of the biotechnology company Micreos, which is behind the advance.
The treatment attacks infections in an entirely different way from conventional drugs and, unlike them, exclusively targets the Staphylococcus bacteria responsible for MRSA, and leaves other microbes unaffected.
The approach is inspired by naturally occurring viruses that attack bacteria using enzymes called endolysins. It uses a ‘designer’ endolysin, Staphefekt, which the scientists engineered to latch on to the surface of bacteria cells and tear them apart, ‘The Times’ reported.
“Endolysins exist in nature, but we’ve made a modified version that combines the bit that is best at binding to the bacteria with another bit that is best at killing it,” said Bjorn Herpers, a clinical microbiologist, who tested the drug at the Public Health Laboratory in Kennemerland, the Netherlands.
Conventional antibiotics need to reach the inside of the cell to work, and part of the reason they are becoming less effective is that certain strains of bacteria, such as MRSA, have evolved impenetrable membranes.
By contrast, endolysins target basic building blocks on the outside of bacterial cells that are unlikely to change as infections genetically mutate over time.
Scientists believe that the results could mark the first of a wave of endolysin-based therapies for infections that conventional drugs are no longer able to treat.
About 80 per cent of gonorrhoea infections are resistant to frontline drugs, and multidrug-resistant salmonella, tuberculosis and E coli are regarded as significant threats.
Naturally occuring endolysins can attack all of these diseases, and the challenge is to create stable versions that can be packaged as drugs, researchers said.
The findings were presented at the Antibiotic Alternatives for the New Millennium conference here.

Top 5 lesser known companies that look poised to ride the big bull runTop five lesser known companies poised to ride the big bull run on Dalal Street
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 6, 2014, 12.30PM IST
(Most of the high beta stocks…)
NEW DELHI: Benchmark indices have rallied over 32 per cent so far in the year 2014 to record highs, supported by strong global liquidity, stable macros and a reform push by the Modi government.
Most of the high beta stocks have more than doubled in the past one year, but analysts feel that there is more upside left in the benchmark indices and individual stocks.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market, which will take the Sensex and he Nifty to fresh record highs for the rest of the year as well as in the next 12 months. The index is well on its way to hit the 30,000 mark by the December-end and probably 35000 levels by the end of 2015.
During this time, if the investors pick the right kind of stocks, those can outperform the Sensex returns in the next 12 months. Most of the companies mentioned provide opportunities for playing growth stories as well as value buying.
We have collated a list of five stocks which are small cap but high-growth ideas by different experts. Most of these companies have added capacities ahead of demand. This would further help in augmenting growth momentum over the next 12 months, and thereby improve the margin profile.
Analyst: Nitin Raheja, Co-Founder, AQF Advisors
Allcargo Logistics: Trading at cheap valuations compared to its peers
We like a company called Allcargo Logistics. It is the largest player in the less than container load segment and is also among the top five in the world and so on so forth. The management has done some acquisitions last year in the US, which was one of the weak spots.
It has got the whole JNPT container business. So yes, we are basically going to start seeing the LCL business as a natural monopoly and here, they have the largest in India. Container load is going to go up.
If you see the valuations that other logistics companies trade at and you compare this, this is trading at far cheaper valuations and in the next two-three years as the economy picks up, as the container business picks up, as the equipment hiring business picks up for them and so on so forth, the stock looks very interesting.
Analyst: Dinesh Thakkar, CMD at Angel Broking
Siyaram Silk Mills (CMP: Rs 762.50/TP: Rs 952)
Siyaram Silk Mills has strong brands, such as Siyaram's, Mistair, MSD, J. Hampstead and Oxemberg. With the launch of two new premium cotton brands - Zenesis and Moretti, entry into linen fabrics, foray into ladies wear (SKD) under the brand Siya, the company is expected to maintain its high growth trajectory.
We believe that with market leadership in blended fabrics, strong brand building, wide distribution channel, strong presence in tier II and tier III cities and emphasis on latest designs and affordable pricing points, Siyaram will be able to post a revenue CAGR of 18% and profit CAGR of 32% over FY2014-16E.
We value the stock at a moderate 8 P/E on FY2016E earnings, implying 32% upside and hence recommend Buy.
Brokerage Name: Anand Rathi Institutional Research team
Ahluwalia Contracts India: Back on growth trajectory; target price Rs 237
Ahluwalia Contracts India (AHLU) is sharpening its focus on government contracts as they are more scalable and highly predictable in terms of execution. Its exposure to the private sector has, thus, reduced from 85% to 48%.
 
This shift in order mix has caused a turnaround in its operations with operating profits rising over the last two quarters. Going forward, the company aims to maintain the public-private mix at 60:40.
The company is swiftly moving towards a significant turnaround in operations, with margins rising from 4.3 per cent in FY14 to 11 per cent in FY17. Return ratios are expected to increase from lower single digit to higher twenties over the period.
We initiate coverage on the stock with a target price of Rs 237 based on 14x FY17e PE.
Risks: Lack of building orders from the government sector, any major liability arising out of litigations.
Action Construction Equipment: On the cusp of a turnaround; target price set at Rs 55
A well-established brand in construction equipment (cranes, earthmoving & road machinery) and material handling (forklifts) in India with over 50 per cent market share in tower/mobile/crawler cranes, ACE is promoted and managed by professionals with rich experience in construction equipment. Its manufacturing plant and strong R&D centre (Haryana, Uttarakhand) have infra for expansion.
Low capacity utilisation and higher interest/depreciation in FY11-14 had led to 0.7 per cent NPM in FY14 from 5.9 per cent in FY11. We estimate 60%/138% CAGR over FY14-17 in EBITDA/PAT. Our Rs 55 target is based on 10x FY17e PE and 7x EV/EBITDA.
Risk: Delayed recovery in infra/industrial sectors.
Granules India: Riding a multi-year growth wave; target price set at Rs 1185

Lenovo Vibe X2 adds layers to the smartphonegamePrint
The latest launch from Lenovo is the Vibe X2, what the company calls a layered phone.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 2:00 pm | Updated: November 7, 2014 7:31 pm
Lenovo might be new to the smartphone game, but it is clearly nurturing dreams of changing the game. Over the past few months the company has had a slew of devices that have made it a significant player in the market, followed by the acquisition of Motorola which has pushed it up to the third slot among smartphone manufacturers in India. Now, the company is bringing it devices which will stand apart in the crowded Android market while trying to create a niche for itself.
The latest launch from Lenovo is the Vibe X2, what the company calls a layered phone. The layers are apparent in the design, which is made of three distinct layers in different colours. This slim layered design makes the device look young and vibrant, and that is the segment the phone is aimed for. But the layers don’t end there.
Lenovo will be selling extra battery and JBL speaker layers to be clipped on to the phone. The extra battery will make the phone thicker and heavier, but it also doubled the battery life from the original 2300 mAh.
The Lenovo Vibe X2 is priced at Rs 19,999 and will be available on Flipkart from November 10.
The phone also stands out for its processor, which is chipmaker MediaTek’s big entry into the top-end segment. Our initial experience with the phone suggests that MediaTek 6595m 2.0 GHz 4G LTE True8Core processor can give the big players a run for their money.
The phone also features the Vibe UI, which gives users a lot of customisation options. Interestingly, the OS gives users access to their most used apps on the lock screen itself. Plus you can click a photo in one tap, even when the phone is locked, so that you don’t miss out much.
Detailed specs
Processor: MediaTek 6595m 2.0 GHz 4G LTE True8Core
Operating System: Android 4.4 KitKat
Dimensions (WxTxH): 68.6mm x 7.27mm x 140.2mm
Weight: 120g
Battery: 2300 mAh (Li-polymer), embedded
Dual SIM
Rear camera: 13 MP auto-focus with LED flash
Front camera: 5 MP fixed-focus
System Memory: 2 GB RAM
Built-in Storage: 32 GB ROM
Connectivity/Radios
4G Network: LTE FDD Band 1/3/7, TDD B40 or LTE FDD Band 1/3/7/30
3G Network: 2100/900 Mhz or 2100/900/850 Mhz
2G Network: GSM 850/900/1800/1900 Mhz
Speed: HSPA+ 150 Mbps (DL) / 50 Mbps (UL)
WLAN: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n/ac, Wi-Fi hotspot. (For 5G Wi-Fi, Band 2 is not supported)
Bluetooth: Bluetooth® 3.0 + 4.1 LE
Display: 5-inch FUllHD (1920x1080p)

Pakistan rejects US allegation it supports militant proxies against India AfghanistanPrint
Pakistani army troops ride military vehicles as they leave the Malir cantonment for deployment, Saturday, Nov. 1, 2014 in Karachi, Pakistan. Pakistani authorities decided to deploy army troops in sensitive areas during mourning days of Muharram, the first month of the Islamic calendar, which is observed around the world for 10 days of mourning in remembrance of the martyrdom of Imam Hussein, the grandson of Prophet Mohammed. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Islamabad | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:26 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 2:41 pm
Pakistan has summoned the U.S. ambassador to reject allegations in a Pentagon report that Islamabad supports militant proxies in neighboring India and Afghanistan.
A foreign ministry statement said National Security and Foreign Affairs adviser Sartaj Aziz conveyed the complaint to U.S. Ambassador Richard Olson in a meeting at the ministry.
ALSO READ: Pakistan using militants as proxies to counter superior Indian military, says Pentagon
The U.S. Defense Department report, titled “Progress Toward Security and Stability in Afghanistan,” said militants battling in Afghanistan and India continue to enjoy safe havens in Pakistan, which uses the fighters as a hedge against its loss of influence in Afghanistan and as a counterweight to India’s superior military.
The statement says the allegations are of particular concern now, given that the Pakistani military is waging a major offensive against militants in North Waziristan, a tribal region bordering Afghanistan.

Editorial: Not in the red post-FedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Lenovo closes Motorola Mobility deal with GoogleNidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 14:12 IST
The Motorola blog brushed aside speculation that the Motorola brand and its offering would be discontinued once the acquisition is complete.
Chinese PC maker Lenovo has completed the acquisition of Motorola Mobility from Google . The deal, valued at $2.91 billion, was announced in February this year.
Google had acquired Motorola Mobility a couple of years ago.
According to a Motorola blog post on Thursday, "In Lenovo we have a partner that shares our mission and that brings global scale, a diverse product portfolio and a track record of seizing strategic opportunities and making the most of them. Together we will go farther, faster. With an impressive portfolio of smartphones, wearables and PCs, our two companies will be uniquely positioned to push the boundaries of choice and value, and bring exciting new experiences to people everywhere."
The blog brushed aside speculation that the Motorola brand and its offering would be discontinued once the acquisition is complete. "We will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Lenovo and remain headquartered in Chicago's Merchandise Mart while maintaining offices around the world, including in Silicon Valley," the blog said.
"The iconic Motorola brand will continue, as will the Moto and DROID franchises that have propelled our growth over the past year. We will continue to focus on pure Android and fast upgrades, and remain committed to developing technology to solve real consumer problems. And we will continue to develop mobile devices that bring people unprecedented choice, value and quality."

Gold  silver tumble on weak global cuesNew Delhi, November 3, 2014
Updated: November 3, 2014 15:55 IST
Gold, silver tumble on weak global cues
PTI
market and exchange
Tracking a weak trend overseas and low demand from domestic jewellers and retailers, gold prices plunged by Rs 200 to Rs 26,350 per ten gram in the National Capital on Monday.
In addition, diversion of funds towards the record breaking domestic equity markets weighed on the precious metal prices, bullion traders said.
Silver also eased by Rs 200 to Rs 36,050 per kg on reduced off-take by industrial units and coin makers.
Gold in Singapore fell 1 per cent to USD 1,161.75 an ounce and Silver lost 2.4 per cent to USD 15.77 an ounce, the lowest since February 2010.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 200 each to Rs 26,350 and Rs 26,150 per ten gram respectively. Sovereign followed suit and declined by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
In a similar fashion, silver ready declined by Rs 200 to Rs 36,050 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 460 to Rs 35,340 per kg.
Silver coins nosedived by Rs 1,000 to Rs 60,000 for buying and Rs 61,000 for selling of 100 pieces following end of festive season.

Column: Last chance for JapanMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Japan is the petri dish for the struggle against the secular stagnation that is now gripping most major developed economies. And, notwithstanding all of the fanfare surrounding “Abenomics,” Japan’s economy remains moribund. In the six quarters of Shinzo Abe’s latest stint as prime minister, annualised real GDP growth has averaged just 1.4%—up only slightly from the anemic post-1992 average of 1%.
Abenomics, with its potentially powerful combination of monetary and fiscal stimulus, coupled with a wide array of structural reforms, was supposed to end Japan’s “lost decades.” All three “arrows” of the strategy were to be aimed at freeing the economy from a 15-year deflationary quagmire.
Unfortunately, not all of the arrows have been soaring in flight. The Bank of Japan seems well on its way to delivering on the first one—embracing what it calls quantitative and qualitative easing (QQE). Relative to GDP, the BOJ’s monetary-policy gambit could actually far outstrip the efforts of America’s Federal Reserve.
But the flight of the other two arrows is shaky, at best. In recent days, Abe has raised serious questions about proceeding with the second phase of a previously legislated consumer-tax hike that has long been viewed as the linchpin of Japan’s debt-consolidation strategy. Abe has flinched because the economy remains weak, posing renewed risks of a deflationary relapse. Meanwhile, the third arrow of structural reforms—especially tax, education, and immigration reforms—is nowhere near its target.
Abenomics, one might conclude, is basically a Japanese version of the failed policy combination deployed in the United States and Europe: massive unconventional liquidity injections by central banks (with the European Central Bank apparently now poised to follow the Fed), but little in the way of fundamental fiscal and structural reforms. The political expedience of the short-term monetary fix has triumphed once again.
Such a gamble is especially problematic for Japan. With an aging—and now declining—working-age population, it has limited scope for reviving growth. Japan must either squeeze more out of its existing workforce by boosting productivity, or uncover new sources of demand at home or abroad.
At home, that could mean adding workers, either by boosting female participation in the work force, which, at 63%, is among the lowest in the developed world, or relaxing immigration restrictions. Unfortunately, there has been little progress on either front. Moreover, even if the political will to launch third-arrow structural reforms were suddenly to strengthen—a dubious proposition—any productivity payback would most likely take a long time to materialise.
That leaves external demand, which underscores what is perhaps Abenomics’ most serious strategic flaw: It does not take into consideration some of the biggest changes that are likely to occur in the global economy. That is a great pity, because Japan is well positioned to take advantage of one of the most powerful global trends—the coming rebalancing of the Chinese and US economies.
China appears to be more committed to restructuring than the US—at least for the foreseeable future. Its Third Plenum reforms provide a cohesive framework for a pro-consumption transformation. Though America currently remains intent on resurrecting a tired growth model, there is good reason to hope that it, too, will eventually rebalance.
Japan cannot afford to squander these opportunities. As the main driver of Chinese growth shifts from external to domestic demand, who could benefit more than Japanese exporters? China is already Japan’s largest export market, leaving it ideally situated to capture additional market share in the coming surge of Chinese demand for consumer products and services.
Likewise, Japan stands to benefit from its technological prowess in environmental remediation—an urgent priority for China in the years ahead. Japan already has great expertise in many of the solutions to some of China’s toughest problems.
Japan is also likely to gain from a long-overdue rebalancing of the US economy. A shift in the US—from excessive consumption of goods largely sourced in low-wage developing countries to the capital equipment that an increasingly investment-led economy will require—would play to Japan’s greatest strengths. As a global leader in sophisticated machinery and the earth-moving equipment needed for infrastructure investment, Japan should be able to to seize these opportunities.
In looking to external demand, Japan should not lose sight of its earlier achievements. In the 1970s and 1980s, Japan was the envy of the world, owing to an all-powerful export machine that tapped the demand of a rapidly growing global economy. “Japan, Inc.” still has a good institutional memory of what it takes to draw support from external demand.
It is time to recapture that memory. Failure to do so would leave Japan, the world’s third largest economy, at risk of being further marginalised by transformations in the world’s two largest, the US and China.
There is one obvious and important caveat: Poor Sino-Japanese relations, owing to unresolved historical grievances, could prevent Japan from realising the economic benefits implied by China’s economic rebalancing.
The interplay between economics and politics lies at the heart of the rise and fall of great powers. In a rapidly changing world, underscored by likely shifts in the economic structure of China and the US, Japan cannot afford to lose sight of that fact. Just as the US and China have much to gain by transforming their economies, Japan is running out of time. In the grip of two lost decades and counting, this could be Japan’s last chance.
Roach, a faculty member at Yale University and former Chairman of Morgan Stanley Asia, is the author of Unbalanced: The Codependency of America and China
www.project-syndicate.org
TAGS: Japan
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

An eye on good filmsUpdated: November 4, 2014 19:26 IST
An eye on good films
SUBHA J RAO
Tamil cinema
Meet Chennai girl Riythvika who has wowed audiences in Bala’s Paradesi and Ranjith’s Madras
In 2013, Riythvika arrived as an actress. She endeared herself to audiences in her very first outing on the big screen. In Bala’s Paradesi, she played the tortured Karuthakanni, who was sexually exploited in the plantations. Recently, she was in the limelight again — in Madras, she played Mary, a loving wife, who playfully fights and makes up with her husband before life deals her a cruel blow.
“As a child, I used to play-act and reel out dialogues from films. I would laugh, smile, cry, and weep. My only audience used to be the mirror!” she laughs. “I always dreamt of working in cinema, though our family had nothing to do with the movies,” says Riythvika.
During college at SIET, Teynampet, she acted in some short films and dropped off her photos with film PROs. That was when Bala was casting for his magnum opus Paradesi. A couple of auditions later, she was selected to play Karuthakanni. “It was all very surreal. One minute, I was a short-film actor and, the next, I was part of a Bala film,” she smiles. She went on to act in Vikraman’s Ninaithathu Yaaro before Pa Ranjith chose her for Madras. She played a North Chennai girl, who laughs abundantly, grieves, and later, smiles quietly despite her surroundings and situation. “Initially, it was tough to get the accent right. But we had workshops and Ranjith kept encouraging me. I had to do well; after all, it was a film about my city,” says Riythvika.
The young actress’ family is delighted with her success. “My father was hesitant, but after Paradesi, there’s full support from home,” she says. Riythvika admits her USP is her large, expressive eyes. “But, you know, in college, my friends would call me ‘mutta kannu’. Now, they grudgingly tell me they were wrong!”
Riythvika is currently looking at scripts but is yet to sign up for any new film. “I want to take my time. I want to be part of good cinema, and I’m willing to wait,” says the actress, who hopes she will sometime land a role like that of Nandita Das’ in Mani Ratnam’s Kannathil Muthamittal. “It was one of the roles I acted out in front of my mirror!”

Uddhav Thackeray visits temple in Lonavla with his MLAspicture  others
Uddhav Thackeray visits temple in Lonavla with his MLAs
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray visited the temple of his family deity near Lonavala with 63 of his newly elected MLAs on Tuesday (November 4). (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Uddhav Thackeray along with wife Rashmi and son Aditya offered prayers at the Ekvira Temple. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
The Shiv Sena president was accompanied by 63 of his newly elected MLAs and promised to return with 180 in the next assembly election. (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Uddhav Thackeray said: It has been our tradition to pray here and express our gratitude to the Goddess. This time, we have come with 63 legislators. Next time, we shall come with more than 180 MLAs. (Source: Express Photo)
Uddhav Thackeray refused to comment on whether his party would join the BJP-led government. (Source: Express Photo by Vasant Prabhu)
A Shiv Sena MLA pays his respects to a portrait of Bal Thackeray at the Balasaheb Samidhi. (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Uddhav Thackeray waves as he alights from the chopper. (Source: Express Photo)
The Shiv Sena President stressed that the party was keen on a government that worked for the common man. “We want to create a Maharashtra that will be envied by the whole world. We shall bring the governance to the common people and farmers,” he said. (Source: Express Photo)
Related

Editorial: Stop that auction  pleaseClimate degegates generating 29,000 tonnes of CO2: Group
Telecom firm CEOs have done well to reiterate the Trai recommendations that the government not conduct the next round of telecom auctions until there is enough spectrum. Given the finance ministry has R27,000 crore riding on these auctions coming through before March, the CEOs of Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications have offered a more practical solution in case the auctions can’t wait—extend the validity of their licences till there is more spectrum and, in the meantime, charge them for this on a pro rata basis based on the last auctions held in February 2014.
Since the financial loss in this option will be the least, the government would do well to examine it closely. The alternative, as Trai has pointed out, is almost immediate ruin for the industry, consumers as well as the banking sector. In the absence of enough spectrum, Trai said in its recommendation, the auction would drive prices sky-high and make telcos unviable; those that could not afford to bid would be driven out of business, leaving their consumers high and dry and, in both cases, the banks that have lent them tens of thousands of crore rupees would end up big losers.
The crux of the problem is that, while in February 2014, roughly a tenth of the spectrum auctioned was brand-new spectrum, things will be the exact opposite in the February 2015 auction when just 10-15% of the spectrum will be new. A good example of what this will do in Maharashtra, to take one example, is that Vodafone could well see its business shut down in the state. Right now, Vodafone has 6.2 MHz of spectrum in the 900 MHz frequency band where its licence is running out later this year—if it is not able to win this back in the auction, its only fallback is 1800 MHz spectrum. But it has only 1.25 MHz of this spectrum and only another 2 MHz is available for auction. So Vodafone will bid whatever it takes for it to retain the 900 MHz spectrum, but it requires just one other telco to take the price higher and higher. Such examples can be multiplied manifold across various other telcos as well as licence circles.
Under the circumstances, the telecom, finance and defence ministries need to sit down and take a call on how to free up more spectrum urgently. Trai has made various suggestions in terms of taking back 1.2 MHz of spectrum from BSNL in the 900 MHz frequency and, once this is pooled with spectrum the telecom ministry has, one more 900 MHz slot can be created in six licence areas. This is easily done, but the rest are not as simple. Getting the defence ministry to free up 2×35 MHz in the 2100 MHz frequency, as Trai has recommended, sounds simple but won’t be easy since the defence forces’ need for spectrum has to be taken care of—the spectrum swapping proposal discussed by the finance and defence ministries, however, does not need the defence to give up any spectrum but frees up 3×5 MHz of spectrum in the 2100 MHz frequency band and will help keep auction prices from flaring up irrationally. In a nutshell, holding auctions right now will be suicidal for the sector, so the government would do well to look at the various alternatives provided. And, were the telecom ministry to disregard Trai, it would do well to give detailed explanations for this—the industry’s future is at stake.
TAGS: Bharti Airtel Spectrum Allocation Vodafone India
More from economy

Editorial: Power crisis worsensClimate degegates generating 29,000 tonnes of CO2: Group
Though the headline numbers suggest the power sector is looking up—annual losses, a Planning Commission study says, are down from R93,000 crore in FY12 to R71,270 crore in FY14—the reality is far more daunting. For one, the losses don’t take into account the amounts owed to power companies such as those in Delhi—regulatory assets in Delhi are upwards of R15,000 crore and according to a study by ratings agency CARE, these are R20,000 crore in Tamil Nadu and around R12,450 crore in Uttar Pradesh. Apart from the fact that the gap between power costs and consumer tariffs is increasing each year, what complicates matters is that there are huge cross-subsidies that are upwards of 80% in some areas in UP and just under that in Tamil Nadu. Since the cross-subsidy is essentially a measure of how much some consumers (industrial and commercial users mainly) are being overcharged to subsidise others, this means rationalisation of subsidies will require a politically unacceptable hike in power tariffs for the majority of users. This is not to say charges must not be raised, but that raising rates alone is not a viable strategy.
All of which means the central and state governments need to act on various fronts immediately. While states have to work on ensuring regulators try to correct this distortion with larger hikes for the low-paying customers, both the Centre and the states have to work on reducing transmission and distribution losses which are at an unconscionable 26%, thanks to over-40% levels in states such as UP. To put this in perspective, if a supplier produces 100 units of power at R1 each, he needs to bill consumers at R1 in a zero transmission and distribution-loss scenario; if these losses are 50%, then the break-even tariff required is double, or R2 per unit. One way to reduce these losses, as states from Maharashtra to Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh have shown, is to have separate feeder lines for agriculture consumers—so, any centrally-sponsored electricity reform scheme has to focus on this.
Augmenting of fuel supplies, from coal to gas, is an equally important part of a reforms strategy since the low capacity utilisation that this has resulted in has, in turn, meant buyers end up paying higher capacity charges for the power they buy—in this context, the plan to do coal- and gas-price pooling is a sensible one. The plan to separate carriage from content in the new draft being circulated of the Electricity Act is also a good one since competition is the only way to reduce tariffs.
For now, however, the real issues centre around reducing transmission and distribution losses and to ensure power suppliers get their dues—the fact that private players have not expressed interest in bidding for the latest set of ultra mega power plants is a very worrying sign.
TAGS: Power Crisis Power Crisis Tamil Nadu Power Sector
More from economy

Column: Is RBI targeting NEERDespite dip, Indian rupee first among equals
We know that RBI has been intervening in spot and forwards markets. From September 2013, when governor Raghuram Rajan took charge, till August 2014, RBI had accumulated $32.5 billion in the spot currency net purchases (RBI’s foreign currency assets have increased by $31.7 billion since September 2013 to October 24, but these are our estimates; details of valuation changes in the component currencies are not available). In the forwards segment, the position has reversed from net shorts of $32.5 billion to net longs of almost $8.4 billion by September-end, which is likely to have increased even further by October-end. This will have covered the entire redemption of the bank MTN swaps of $8 billion due in October and November. Thereafter, the net long forwards position will have to be gradually built up over the next two years to cover maturing of the $26 billion FCNR swaps outstanding, due to mature by November 2016.
Understanding RBI actions is important as a guide to what might lie ahead for the rupee. In an environment where developed markets are attempting to manage their currencies through various quantitative easing programmes, the past balance sheet expansions of central banks are beginning to shrink with redemption of papers, uncertainty regarding growth, inflation and the future actions of central banks persists, funds flows to various geographies have become uncertain, and the behaviour of the rupee over the past couple of months deserves attention.
Click here for graph
Not only has the rupee maintained its level against the dollar compared to many of our emerging market peers since September (chart 1), it has been remarkably stable as well (chart 2).
The second observation is that while the rupee has depreciated against the dollar, the 36-country Nominal Effective Exchange Rate (NEER) has remained stable over the past couple of months and is now actually stronger than in July 2014, when the rupee had appreciated to 59.75 to the dollar (chart 3). The NEER is a currency index which averages movement against a basket of currencies (36 in this case) of major trade partners. The divergence of the NEER from the dollar-rupee pair is the result of the dollar strengthening against other currency majors. The immediate implication is that while India remains more or less export competitive in its dollar trade, it might be losing its advantage in trade based on the wider basket of currencies. The macroeconomic implications of the stronger NEER might already have begun to become visible, with the September trade deficit up at $14 billion.
From chart 3, one potential inference is that there has been some evidence of the management of the rupee, but with reference to the NEER and less to the dollar. Although RBI has stated officially that currency management is used to “limit volatility”, it appears as if an NEER band is being enforced. This support had been stronger in the past, but seems to have moderated over the last couple of months, probably due to the quantum of movement of the other major currencies versus the dollar. Given the weight of the other currency majors in the NEER, in the absence of such intervention, we surmise that the NEER would actually have appreciated, rather than remain in the narrow band. This hypothesis of support for the NEER instead of only the dollar is consistent with RBI appearing to buy (buy, not sell) dollar at the 61.20-61.30 levels.
What might motivate managing the directionality of the currency rather than strictly its volatility? As with all currencies, there is now an important monetary policy component embedded in the rupee, balancing the compulsions of export competitiveness and imported inflation (Singapore targets the NEER rather than interest rates as its monetary policy instrument, but that is predicated on its relatively small size and openness to trade and capital flows). In addition, and this is a more convincing argument, market perceptions of a predictable range for the rupee might encourage carry, with funds arbitraging higher interest rates, and of greater concern, running unhedged interest rate positions.
As to the choice of target, it might make more sense to target the NEER rather than the inflation adjusted counterpart (REER), given the immediacy of the instrument, rather than one which is available with lags of at least a month. Of course, targeting a broader basket instead of a specific one also offers the flexibility of exploiting market momentum, and might result in better utilisation of forex reserves to achieve the desired objectives. Stability in a wider currency basket probably also moderates hot money volatility, thereby potentially keeping near-term interest rates in line with the monetary policy stance.
This has implications going forward. If the dollar-rupee spot and the NEER divergence is here to stay, as weakness in the eurozone and other emerging market currencies suggest, there might be further continued RBI dollar-buying at higher levels. This is then likely to sustain the depreciating bias of the currency. There are other economic reasons for this view as well, which we will explore in a separate article.
By Saugata Bhattacharya
The author is senior vice-president & chief economist, Axis Bank.
Views are personal
TAGS: Indian Rupee Raghuram Rajan RBI
More from bankingampfinance

India plans $2.8 billion ONGC stake sale by early DecemberNEW DELHI/MUMBAI, November 5, 2014
Updated: November 5, 2014 17:26 IST
India plans $2.8 billion ONGC stake sale by early December
Reuters
energy and resource
The Indian government is planning to sell a 5 per cent stake in state-run energy explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp in the last week of November or the first week of December, two sources directly involved in the deal said on Wednesday.
The marketing road shows for the share sale, worth about $2.8 billion at current market price, are likely to start from Nov. 17 and will last for about a week, said the sources, declining to be named as the details are not yet public.
"There is a plan to hold road shows in the U.S., London and Singapore from November 17 to 23 to attract global investors," said one of the sources.
The share sale is part of the Indian government's plan to raise a record $9.5 billion by selling assets during the current financial year ending in March 2015 to help plug its fiscal deficit.
Aradhana Johri, secretary at India's divestment department, which oversees government stake sale in state companies, was not immediately available for a comment.

PM Narendra Modi reviews infrastructure sectors; new civil aviation policy on anvilMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
A new civil aviation policy is under preparation of the government, a high-level meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi was told today amid his thrust on inter-linking connectivity-related infrastructure sectors.
Reviewing work in connectivity-linked infrastructure sectors, he emphasised the need for faster inter-ministerial coordination and resolution of issues, and laid stress on achieving visible results in clear timeframes.
Modi directed strict monitoring of projects, based on monthly completion of targets.
He said he looked forward to a meeting with coastal states to discuss infrastructure, coastal security, island development and tourism in an integrated and holistic manner.
The review focussed on progress of work towards achievement of targets in the sectors of road, railways, shipping and civil aviation.
“The Prime Minister underlined that the development vision of various connectivity-related infrastructure sectors should be inter-related and closely coordinated,” a PMO statement said.
With regard to the civil aviation sector, it was noted that a new policy is under preparation.
Modi said states should be made partners in working out and maintaining the viability of new international airports proposed to be set up within their territory.
Expressing satisfaction over the beginning of work at Pakyong Airport in Sikkim, it was noted that with the start of the second route for the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra and the thrust of Sikkim as an organic state, this airport would be able to cater to a huge demand for air services.
The meeting was also told that 20 projects in 10 sectors have been identified for FDI following the decision to allow 100 per cent foreign investment in the railways.
The railways have also designed and fabricated a new wagon specifically for transport of salt, which will lead to a 40 per cent increase in the carrying capacity.
Referring to Sagarmala project under which ports of the country are to be inter-linked, Modi said it must lay stress on “port-led development”–which will include various connectivity elements like ports, international shipping, highways and railways.
Emphasising that there is now no delay in decision-making at the highest level, the Prime Minister said it should now be possible to achieve all infrastructure targets, the statement said.
He urged top officials to undertake cyber-visits of all major project locations at least once a month, so that they could keep track of the progress of work on a real-time basis, it said.
TAGS: Civil Aviation Policy Infrastructure Modi News Narendra Modi
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

PM Narendra Modi re-constitutes climate panel  removes Ratan Tata  Sunita NarainClimate degegates generating 29,000 tonnes of CO2: Group
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today re-constituted a high-level climate panel and dropped well- known environmentalist Sunita Narain and top industry leader Ratan Tata from the council.
TERI chairperson R K Pachauri, economist Nitin Desai and retired diplomat Chandrasekhar Dasgupta were retained by Modi as non-government members of the 18-member ‘Prime Minister’s Council on Climate Change’.
Both Tata and Narain were members of the high-level panel on climate change constituted by the UPA government in 2007.
Asked about dropping of Director General of Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) Narain from the re-constituted panel, Environment Ministry officials said there is a provision in the notification that the chairman can invite any other minister/officer/expert to any meeting of the committee depending upon the context of the meeting.
When contacted, CSE did not comment on the dropping of its head but assured that it will continue to cooperate with the government on climate issues.
Pachauri, chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, had come under attack from various quarters over the IPCC’s 2007 report that said the glaciers in the Himalayas will disappear by 2035 due to global warming. But the TERI head had maintained the mistake was “unfortunate”.
Significantly, the council, headed by Modi, and tasked with evolving a coordinate national action for assessment, adaptation and mitigation of climate change at national level, saw increase in the ministerial strength with induction of Urban Development Minister and Coal Minister as members. These ministries were not represented in the previous council.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar, Water Resources Minister Uma Bharati, Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh, Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu, Science and Technology Minister Jitendra Singh and Coal Minister Piyush Goel are the members of the council.
The panel also has climate experts like former bureaucrat J M Mouskar apart from cabinet secretary and secretaries of External Affairs and Environment ministries. Nripendra Misra, Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister, is the member convenor of the panel.
Ajay Mathur, chairperson of Bureau of Energy Efficiency, has also been retained as a member of the panel.
Other members who have been dropped from the panel included R Chidambaram, V Krishnamurthy, C Rangarajan, Prodipto Ghosh and journalists Raj Chengappa and R Ramachandran.
While Chidambaram, Krishnamurthy and Rangarajan were representatives of the Manmohan Singh government, Ghosh and journalists Chengappa and Ramachandran were non-government members.
Ghosh, former Secretary, Environment and Forest, is a distinguished fellow at TERI and is actively involved in climate change and sustainable development policy.
TAGS: Climate Modi News Narendra Modi Ratan Tata Sunita Narain
More from economy

Piramal Plans $2 Billion Bet on Property Sector RevivalYou are here: Home Corporates
Piramal Plans $2 Billion Bet on Property Sector Revival
Reuters | Updated On: November 05, 2014 20:08 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Mumbai/New Delhi: Piramal Enterprises Ltd plans to invest $2 billion (Rs 12,200 crore at 1 dollar = 61 rupees) in real estate projects over the next two years, betting that a revival in the economy under a new government will boost demand for property, its billionaire chief said.
Its planned investment could help developers complete commercial and residential projects left unfinished when they ran out of money and banks cut back on credit to a sector badly mauled by a slowdown in Asia's third-biggest economy.
"We are more optimistic about the sector this year compared to last year because of a stable government and the overlying expectations for the economy to perform better," Ajay Piramal, chairman of the diversified company, told Reuters.
Home sales have come to a halt as high inflation and interest rates deter buyers, pushing up the stock of unsold inventory.
In the region around the capital, New Delhi, the inventory pile-up could take 53 months to clear at the current pace of sales. In India's leading metropolitan areas, including financial capital Mumbai, it would take 35 months, according to Mumbai-based firm Liases Foras.
Many property firms are scouting around for new sources of funding, with banks unwilling to lend more to the debt-laden sector and the weak financial situation of many developers making equity offerings unattractive.
Indian and foreign investors have become cautious on real estate after two years of less than 5 per cent economic growth. Private equity investment in the sector dropped to $1.6 billion last year from $1.95 billion in 2012, according to research firm Venture Intelligence.
A Reuters poll of economists last month forecast the economy would grow 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal year to March and 6.4 per cent the following year as Prime Minister Narendra Modi pushes through reforms to attract investment.
"The banks are not still increasing their allocations to real estate. Since banks are not increasing and demand for money is there, the NBFCs (non-banking financial companies) and PEs (private equity firms) are busy of course, more transactions are happening," said Amar Merani, CEO of Xander Finance Private Ltd, part of The Xander Group, an emerging markets investment firm.
Piramal, known for identifying new investment opportunities and whose moves are closely watched by bankers and investors, said his company was looking to put money into both residential and commercial projects.
It makes real estate investment through debt, equity and structured finance routes.
In February, it tied up with the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, which manages Canada's national pension fund, on a $500 million fund to finance residential projects in India.
Piramal, whose other business interests include healthcare and specialty glass packaging, stepped up its financial service activities after selling its Indian drugs business to US-based Abbott Laboratories for $3.72 billion in 2010.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Britain sending more troops to train Iraqi and Kurdish fightersBritain is sending more troops to train Iraqi and Kurdish fighters battling Islamic State militants.
By: Associated Press | London | Posted: November 5, 2014 11:10 pm
Five years after Britain ended its combat mission in Iraq, the Ministry of Defence says it is sending more troops to train Iraqi and Kurdish fighters battling Islamic State militants.
Last month a small British military team went to Irbil in northern Iraq to train Kurdish peshmerga forces.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said today that Britain would be “putting in more training people to help at the training centres across the country, not just in the Kurdish areas.”
He didn’t reveal the number of troops involved.
The new deployment advances Britain’s role in Iraq, which also includes airstrikes against the Islamic State group.
The government says it will not send British combat troops. Some 179 British personnel died in Iraq between the US-led 2003 invasion and the British withdrawal in 2009.

Urban Ladder eyes top slot in furniture marketUpdated: November 6, 2014 00:24 IST
Urban Ladder eyes top slot in furniture market
Staff Reporter
business (general)
City-based Urban Ladder, a curated online marketplace for furniture, on Wednesday, said it expected to become the largest furniture company in India within the next six months. At the current run rate, the company has set the revenue target for March at around Rs.250-300 crore.
“We are seeing a good amount of traction for furniture buying online, and we have tripled our run rate in the last four months.
From a target perspective with the current rate, we should easily touch the Rs.250-crore mark, which makes us by run rate the top most furniture retailer by March, which includes offline also,” said Urbban Ladder co-founder and COO Rajiv Srivatsa.According to industry estimates, the overall domestic furniture market is around $15 billion, and is expected to grow at around 20-30 per cent.
The company, founded by Ashish Goel and Mr. Srivatsa in 2012, had raised $27 million in funding from investors such as Steadview Capital, SAIF Partners and Kalaari Capital.
As part of the growth strategy, the company is planning to increase its headcount to 300 from the present 150 within the next four months. Urban Ladder is present in seven major cities, and is planning to expand the reach to eight more cites.
In order to expand the reach it also plans to strengthen the brand marketing efforts across offline and social media platforms.New application
Urban Ladder also announced the launch of a new augmented reality app ‘Living Spaces’ to provide best customer experience.
The app is developed by the Urban Ladder team in collaboration with two Bangalore-based start-ups.

Tata Global Beverages Q2 Net Down 65%You are here: Home Corporates
Tata Global Beverages Posts 65 Per Cent Fall in Q2 Profit
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 00:20 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Tata Global Beverages Ltd on Wednesday reported a 65.31 per cent decline in consolidated net profit at Rs 62.45 crore for the quarter ended September 2014.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 180.03 crore for the corresponding period a year ago, aided by exceptional income of Rs 92.05 crore.
Net sales during the quarter under review stood at Rs 1,964.41 crore, up 3.05 per cent from Rs 1,906.23 crore a year ago, Tata Global Beverages Ltd (TGBL) said in a filing to the BSE.
"We will continue to focus on innovations based on strong consumer insight across tea, coffee and water. The last quarter has seen new launches and campaigns across geographies in spite of a challenging market environment," TGBL managing director and CEO Ajoy Misra said.
Shares in TGBL, on Wednesday, ended at Rs 161.65 apiece on the BSE, down 1.25 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 23:30 (IST)

Virgin group: Brand it like Branson© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/4d4fb05e-64cd-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian Telly Awards: Actors dazzle on the red carpetCelebrity
Indian Telly Awards: Actors dazzle on the red carpet
The Indian Telly Awards 2014 (ITA) saw a glittery night with some popular television and film actors who attended the event.
Jeetendra graced the ITA Awards 2014. He was wearing Indian attire with a Nehru jacket
1 / 21

http://usat.ly/1wyGBajFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Miranda Lambert will pitch Ram Trucks
Country mega-star Miranda Lambert is Ram Trucks' new spokeswoman. "I have lived my entire life surrounded by trucks even to this day. I have also written songs that mention trucks, so I am so happy to be
Post to Facebook
Miranda Lambert will pitch Ram Trucks Country mega-star Miranda Lambert is Ram Trucks' new spokeswoman. "I have lived my entire life surrounded by trucks even to this day. I have also written songs that mention trucks, so I am so happy to be Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u1iJuY
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Miranda Lambert will pitch Ram Trucks
Zlati Meyer, Detroit Free Press 6:50 p.m. EST November 5, 2014
Miranda Lambert performs in September at Fashion Rocks at the Barclays Center in the Brooklyn borough, of N.Y.. Lambert has nine nominations for  the CMA Awards tonight, including entertainer of the year.
(Photo: Scott Roth/Invision/AP)
101 CONNECT 38 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Country mega-star Miranda Lambert is Ram Trucks' new spokeswoman.
"I have lived my entire life surrounded by trucks even to this day. I have also written songs that mention trucks, so I am so happy to be partnering with Ram," Lambert said in a statement.
Tonight, Lambert, who's married to "The Voice" judge and fellow country music star Blake Shelton, vies for nine CMA Awards.
The first manifestation of the Lambert-Ram deal is the customized Ram 1500 Laramie Longhorn the truck maker gave her — and which she's auctioning off to raise money for her shelter-animals charity, the MuttNation Foundation.
"Miranda Lambert and Ram Truck are a perfect fit," Bob Hegbloom, Ram Truck president and CEO, said in a statement. "She values hard work, courage and lives her life to the fullest — the same characteristics that our brand celebrates in our owners."
Details of the partnership have not been released yet, except that it "will continue to evolve in 2015." Brand spokeswoman Eileen Wunderlich declined to say if the Grammy winner would appear in commercials.
The auction, which includes other Lambert memorabilia and concert tickets, ends Nov. 15.
Ram sales were up 36% in October over October 2013 and up 26% so far this year.
101 CONNECT 38 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u1iJuY
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Germany s biggest news publisher Axel Springer bows to Google in news licensing rowGermany s biggest news publisher Axel Springer bows to Google in news licensing row
Bain Capital selling $200 mn shares in Hero ...Bain Capital selling $200 million worth of shares in Hero MotoCorp
By Reuters | 6 Nov, 2014, 12.48PM IST
The Bain Capital arm selling the stake owned about 11.5 million shares of Hero MotoCorp as of end-September, or about 5.77 per cent, according to stock exchange data.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
HONG KONG: US private investment firm Bain Capital is selling $200 million worth of  shares in Hero MotoCorp Ltd, with an option to sell more, according to a term sheet seen by Reuters.
Bain Capital is selling nearly 4.3 million shares in India's biggest maker of motorcycles and scooters at a price range Rs 2,859.58 to Rs 2,963.30, the term sheet showed.
The Bain Capital arm selling the stake owned about 11.5 million shares of Hero MotoCorp as of end-September, or about 5.77 per cent, according to stock exchange data.
Indian markets were closed on Thursday for a holiday.

Al Qaeda training Indian militants for big attacks: Intelligence officials'Al Qaeda grooming Indian militants for big attacks'
Reuters  New Delhi, November 06, 2014
First Published: 12:15 IST(6/11/2014) | Last Updated: 01:09 IST(7/11/2014)
Comments
Decrypted communications between Indian Mujahideen (IM) and al Qaeda and testimony from suspects have triggered alarm among intelligence officials in New Delhi: the groups appear to be working together to launch major attacks in the region.
The officials told Reuters that plots they had uncovered included the kidnapping of foreigners and turning India into a "Syria and Iraq where violence is continuously happening".
Allegiances between Islamist militant groups can be murky and fleeting, and providing concrete proof of operational ties is notoriously difficult.
But Indian security agencies said evidence they had gathered pointed to growing ties between al Qaeda and IM, a home-grown movement hitherto known for low-level attacks on local targets using relatively crude weapons like pressure cooker bombs.
Weeks after al Qaeda announced the formation of a South Asia wing to strike across the subcontinent, agencies said they had discovered IM members were training with al Qaeda and other groups in Pakistan and Afghanistan for major attacks.
Security officials cite last Sunday's deadly suicide bombing on the Pakistani side of a border crossing with India, and a terror alert on Tuesday at two eastern ports that forced the Indian navy to withdraw two ships, as evidence that militant coordination and activity are on the rise.
"The thing we are looking for is how al Qaeda/ISIS tie up with local groups, especially as the drawdown takes place in Afghanistan," said Sharad Kumar, head of the National Investigation Agency (NIA).
Hardened fighters head home?
ISIS, also known as Islamic State, has carved out swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria, but its influence over militant groups in South Asia is believed to be limited so far.
Al Qaeda is deeply entrenched, however, with leader Ayman al-Zawahri believed to be hiding near the Afghan-Pakistan border and its militants fighting NATO forces in Afghanistan.
 Foreign combat troops are due to withdraw at the end of the year.
Some members of IM are already fighting alongside al Qaeda in Afghanistan, according to an Indian government chargesheet against 11 suspected members of the group alleged to have plotted attacks in India.
The worry is that more battle hardened fighters could now turn their sights on their homeland.
Others have enlisted with al Qaeda to try to carry out kidnappings of Jews in India and Nepal to secure the release of Pakistani Aafia Siddiqui, a neuroscientist jailed for 86 years in the United States for attempting to kill US soldiers in Afghanistan.
Siddiqui is a cause-celebre among global militant groups, including Islamic State, which proposed swapping her for American journalist James Foley before executing him when its demands were not met.
IM has also been urged by al Qaeda to open a base in Myanmar to avenge attacks on Rohingya Muslims, said the chargesheet prepared by the NIA, which has gathered hundreds of pieces of evidence of Internet conversations and meetings between militants in India, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
'Itching for action'
The Internet chats, which the United States helped Indian investigators to decipher, reveal tensions between IM and Pakistan's powerful Inter-Services Intelligence agency, which India says has nurtured the group with finance and equipment.
In one conversation, Riaz Bhatkal, one of the founders of IM now based in the Pakistani city of Karachi, tells his men that it was important to build direct ties with al Qaeda, cutting out Pakistan agents whom he described as "dogs".
He talks about visiting al Qaeda leaders in the tribal belt on the Afghan-Pakistan border, despite ISI orders not to do so.
"It has been clear for some time that there is no group that is fully within ISI control. They are all itching for independent action, some want to have a go at us immediately," said an Indian security official.
Pakistani officials deny they have links with the militants. "This is an outdated story. It does not serve any purpose for Pakistan to support such groups," said a senior intelligence official in Islamabad, requesting anonymity as he was not authorised to speak to the media about the issue.
"These terrorists are openly attacking us, the army, innocent civilians, everyone here is a target," he told Reuters. "Why would they do so if we were helping them in any way?"
On Sunday, at least 57 Pakistanis were killed in a suicide bombing at Wagah, which the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat Ahrar group, whose leader has ties to al Qaeda, said was also aimed at India.
A spokesperson issued a direct warning to Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, saying his group would avenge the killings of Muslims in Kashmir and Gujarat.
Two Indian naval warships were abruptly ordered back to sea on Tuesday, a day after they docked at Kolkata port after intelligence agencies issued a terror alert.
On Wednesday the warning was widened to the neighbouring Haldia port, the site of a huge petrochemicals complex.
Kolkata Port Trust deputy chairman Manish Jain, who is also in charge of the Haldia port complex, said security had been enhanced several times over in both the ports.
He did not have more details, but a police officer in Kolkata said they had been warned of an attack by Pakistan-based militants.
"It is the Afghan drawdown, there is a competition to do something spectacular. Wagah was the first," the officer said.

World s Most Powerful People: Modi Debuts at 15th  Putin Beats Obama to No.1 SpotWorld s Most Powerful People: Modi Debuts at 15th  Putin Beats Obama to No.1 Spot
Top 5 lesser known cos to ride the big bull run on D-StreetTop five lesser known companies poised to ride the big bull run on Dalal Street
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 6, 2014, 12.30PM IST
(Most of the high beta stocks…)
NEW DELHI: Benchmark indices have rallied over 32 per cent so far in the year 2014 to record highs, supported by strong global liquidity, stable macros and a reform push by the Modi government.
Most of the high beta stocks have more than doubled in the past one year, but analysts feel that there is more upside left in the benchmark indices and individual stocks.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market, which will take the Sensex and he Nifty to fresh record highs for the rest of the year as well as in the next 12 months. The index is well on its way to hit the 30,000 mark by the December-end and probably 35000 levels by the end of 2015.
During this time, if the investors pick the right kind of stocks, those can outperform the Sensex returns in the next 12 months. Most of the companies mentioned provide opportunities for playing growth stories as well as value buying.
We have collated a list of five stocks which are small cap but high-growth ideas by different experts. Most of these companies have added capacities ahead of demand. This would further help in augmenting growth momentum over the next 12 months, and thereby improve the margin profile.
Analyst: Nitin Raheja, Co-Founder, AQF Advisors
Allcargo Logistics: Trading at cheap valuations compared to its peers
We like a company called Allcargo Logistics. It is the largest player in the less than container load segment and is also among the top five in the world and so on so forth. The management has done some acquisitions last year in the US, which was one of the weak spots.
It has got the whole JNPT container business. So yes, we are basically going to start seeing the LCL business as a natural monopoly and here, they have the largest in India. Container load is going to go up.
If you see the valuations that other logistics companies trade at and you compare this, this is trading at far cheaper valuations and in the next two-three years as the economy picks up, as the container business picks up, as the equipment hiring business picks up for them and so on so forth, the stock looks very interesting.
Analyst: Dinesh Thakkar, CMD at Angel Broking
Siyaram Silk Mills (CMP: Rs 762.50/TP: Rs 952)
Siyaram Silk Mills has strong brands, such as Siyaram's, Mistair, MSD, J. Hampstead and Oxemberg. With the launch of two new premium cotton brands - Zenesis and Moretti, entry into linen fabrics, foray into ladies wear (SKD) under the brand Siya, the company is expected to maintain its high growth trajectory.
We believe that with market leadership in blended fabrics, strong brand building, wide distribution channel, strong presence in tier II and tier III cities and emphasis on latest designs and affordable pricing points, Siyaram will be able to post a revenue CAGR of 18% and profit CAGR of 32% over FY2014-16E.
We value the stock at a moderate 8 P/E on FY2016E earnings, implying 32% upside and hence recommend Buy.
Brokerage Name: Anand Rathi Institutional Research team
Ahluwalia Contracts India: Back on growth trajectory; target price Rs 237
Ahluwalia Contracts India (AHLU) is sharpening its focus on government contracts as they are more scalable and highly predictable in terms of execution. Its exposure to the private sector has, thus, reduced from 85% to 48%.
 
This shift in order mix has caused a turnaround in its operations with operating profits rising over the last two quarters. Going forward, the company aims to maintain the public-private mix at 60:40.
The company is swiftly moving towards a significant turnaround in operations, with margins rising from 4.3 per cent in FY14 to 11 per cent in FY17. Return ratios are expected to increase from lower single digit to higher twenties over the period.
We initiate coverage on the stock with a target price of Rs 237 based on 14x FY17e PE.
Risks: Lack of building orders from the government sector, any major liability arising out of litigations.
Action Construction Equipment: On the cusp of a turnaround; target price set at Rs 55
A well-established brand in construction equipment (cranes, earthmoving & road machinery) and material handling (forklifts) in India with over 50 per cent market share in tower/mobile/crawler cranes, ACE is promoted and managed by professionals with rich experience in construction equipment. Its manufacturing plant and strong R&D centre (Haryana, Uttarakhand) have infra for expansion.
Low capacity utilisation and higher interest/depreciation in FY11-14 had led to 0.7 per cent NPM in FY14 from 5.9 per cent in FY11. We estimate 60%/138% CAGR over FY14-17 in EBITDA/PAT. Our Rs 55 target is based on 10x FY17e PE and 7x EV/EBITDA.
Risk: Delayed recovery in infra/industrial sectors.
Granules India: Riding a multi-year growth wave; target price set at Rs 1185

Lindiwe Nonceba Sisulu: We also own Mahatma GandhijiPrint
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj shakes hands with Lindiwe Nonceba Sisulu, Minister for Human Settlement , South Africa during a meeting in New Delhi (Source: PTI)
Written by Divya A | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 2:12 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 2:13 pm
As her country marks 20 years of independence, Lindiwe Nonceba Sisulu – South Africa’s Minister of Human Settlements – makes her first-ever visit to India, to “express gratitude for India’s support in their freedom struggle”. Next year, South Africa will celebrate 100 years of Mahatma Gandhi’s historic journey from South Africa to India. Excerpts from an interview:
There is a big ethnic Indian community in South Africa. What is their role in public life and in economy?
Indians, or Asians for that matter, are entrepreneurial by nature. They contribute a lot to our economy. Many of them have been there for generations, and we don’t consider them as Indians or Asians. They are Africans, just like us. In the official population register though, we have to categorise our citizens as “Asians” or “Whites” or “Coloured”, but that’s for representational purposes. In fact, we are moving towards eliminating that.
Two decades after independence, what is the state of women in South African society?
We have exceeded expectations in women’s representation within the country. In fact, now there is a law which ensures 50 per cent representation of women in every government community/institution. But having said that, patriarchy is still deep-seated in our society. For example, when it comes to land holdings, women may have access to land but their ownership is very very limited.
How does South Africa view its ties with India?
India is our closest ally in Asia. Together, we are part of BRICS as well as IBSA. We have learnt a lot from India in terms of housing solutions. Recently, we have established a National Development Plan, modelled on India’s Planning Commission. Besides, there always the shared legacy of Mahatma Gandhi. Early next year, we are going to celebrate 100 years of his moving from South Africa to India, and his philosophy of passive resistance to oppression, in a big way.
What are the celebrations going to be like?
No finer details have been worked out as yet. In fact, since Mahatma Gandhi ji belongs to India as well as South Africa, I invite suggestions from the Indian government and citizens alike on how best to celebrate his legacy in an inclusive way. But we are going to invite the heads of Indian government here, and the Indian National Congress for the celebrations. Celebrating Gandhi is our way of telling the world that we also own Mahatma Gandhi ji. Even though India owns some of him, we own the better part of him.

Andhra University assistant professor arrested for suspected links withMaoistsPrint
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: November 6, 2014 2:23 pm | Updated: November 7, 2014 2:24 am
Visakhapatnam rural police arrested an assistant professor of Andhra University in the early hours of Thursday for allegedly facilitating procurement of explosives including 300 kg of ammonium nitrate for the East Visakha Division of CPI (Maoists).
Dr Jarla Appa Rao, head of the varsity’s Telugu Department and a tribal rights activist, was nabbed at 2 am from the staff quarters on campus. Vizag Rural SP Dr Koya Praveen told The Indian Express that they had evidence that Rao mediated with mine owners on behalf of Maoist leaders. “Dr Rao met mine owners and gave them lists of things that the Maoists demanded to allow mining operations to continue,” he said.
SP Praveen added that it was a quid pro quo arrangement that Dr Rao was actively involved in and he encouraged mine owners and contractors to fulfill the Maoists demands. “In the past, Dr Rao had supplied cell phones, camera flashes, batteries, hearing aids to the rebels. This time he was involved in facilitating procurement of explosive material like ammonium nitrate, cordex wires, and detonators. He was using contacts within the mining industry who had licenses to purchase explosives and the material was pilfered along the way. These materials were supplied to the Maoists through several intermediaries. Whether he did it under pressure or not, it is a serious offence for a professor and a government servant,” he added.
The SP added that three others involved in procuring and transporting the explosives were arrested two days ago. The cache of 500 electronic detonators and 300kg of ammonium nitrate, a tablet and three cell phones was recovered from Narsipatnam, he said.
Of the three persons arrested, two said Dr Rao was knew how and where the explosives were procured from, said police sources. “We also came to know that there was a godown at Kathipudi in East Godavari district from where explosives were pilfered. On Wednesday night, one police team went to raid the godown while another went to bring Dr Rao for interrogation. We could not wait till morning because Dr Rao was already aware that the explosives cache had been was caught by police and he may have escaped,” SP Praveen said, adding that call records show Dr Rao was regularly in touch with representatives of the Maoists.
Meanwhile, the sudden arrest of Dr Rao has drawn criticism from academicians, students and tribal organisations. Hundreds of students and teachers of the varsity demonstrated outside the SP’s office in Vizag demanding his immediate release. The varsity’s teacher and student outfits have called for a university bandh Friday.
Prof Yohan Babu said Dr Rao inspired students from backward communities and was popular on the campus.
Student leader K Kanta Rao said Dr Rao helped poor students. “He is also a good guide and assists students in choosing research subjects,” he added. Rao’s colleague Prof D V R Murthy said he had a clean record. “His arrest is a big surprise because we are not aware of his alleged Maoist connections,’’ he said.
The college teacher was also a tribal continued…

Infosys Plans To Hire 2 100 People In USInfosys Plans To Hire 2 100 People In US
Prime Minister to Visit Myanmar  Australia and Fiji To participate in ASEAN and East Asia Summits at Myanmar and G-20 at AustraliaWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
Prime Minister to Visit Myanmar, Australia and Fiji      To participate in ASEAN and East Asia Summits at Myanma...
SEAN and East Asia Summits at Myanmar and G-20 at Australia Delhi November 6, 2014 Last Updated at 14:20 IST Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will travel to Myanmar, Australia and Fiji to participate in ASEAN and East Asia Summits in Myanmar, G-20 ...

All hopes on China-backed lender for powerAll hopes on China-backed lender for power
We want more spectrum from govt  says Sunil MittalHi Guest
We want more spectrum from govt, says Sunil Mittal
Bharti group Chairman Sunil Mittal on Thursday said the telecom industry wants more spectrum and the government should make it available. "We want from the government more spectrum. “Every country has the same amount of spectrum and it is not that India has less. . . It needs to be vacated from other places, that is what other countries have also done," Mittal said on the sidelines of the India Economic Summit in New Delhi. Telecom Regulatory Authority of India, on October 15, gave its ...

Genie Energy swings to third-quarter lossGenie Energy swings to third-quarter loss
Govt asks UIDAI  NPR to complete Aadhaar enrolment by MarchGovt asks UIDAI, NPR to complete Aadhaar enrolment by March
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
In order to extend the use of Aadhaar number to various social welfare schemes, the Government has asked the Unique Identification Authority and the National Population Register to complete the enrolment of the entire population by March.
“The Prime Minister’s Office has directed UIDAI and the NPR to complete the enrolment of the entire population of 12 crore by March,” a source said.
According to him, the direction was given during a review meeting of the Aadhaar project last month. Earlier too, the Government had advanced the deadline for completing this task to June from December next year.
UIDAI has already issued 70 crore Aadhaar numbers to residents across the country. Nine States, including Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Delhi, Himachal Pradesh, have crossed 90 per cent Aadhaar coverage, while 16 States have over 70 per cent coverage, said a press statement by UIDAI.
Aadhaar enrolments in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Uttarakhand and Chhattisgarh are going on at a fast pace.
These four States with a combined population of about 34 crore were added earlier this year to UIDAI’s mandate by the Government. Aadhaar numbers have been issued to 8.93 crore residents in these States, which is 26 per cent of the target population.
Over 25,000 Aadhaar enrolment kits are operational across the country as on date, including both camp mode and Permanent Enrolment Centres, with a total output of approximately 10 lakh enrolments per day.
UIDAI has already geared up its processing capabilities to achieve the targets and has the capacity to process around 15 lakh enrolment packets every day.
In recent months, the Government has provided fresh impetus to the UIDAI by linking Aadhaar to various schemes and initiatives, including the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), MGNREGS, pensions, scholarships, DBTL, UAN (EPFO), PDS, passports, and the attendance system in Government offices.
Aadhaar facilitates “anytime, anywhere” online authentication of a resident through universal verification of identity based on the demographic and biometric information of an individual, eliminating any chances of duplication or fraud.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Andhra University professor arrested for alleged Maoist linksAndhra University professor arrested for alleged Maoist links
Ch R S Sarma
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Nov 6:  
Prof. Jara Appa Rao, assistant professor in the Telugu department of Andhra University, was picked up on Wednesday night (in the early hours of Thursday) from his residence on the university campus for his alleged Maoist links.
The police confirmed the arrest on Thursday morning and said the professor was associated with the Maoists operating in the agency area (the tribal tracts in the eastern ghats) of Visakhapatnam district and that he was involved in supply of explosives to the extremists.
Tension gripped Andhra University as the news spread on Thursday morning and a large number of students staged a protest demonstration in front of the office of the Superintendent of Police, demanding that the professor be produced immediately in court and that the grounds for his arrrest be stated specifically.
The wife and children of the professor sought an appointment with the SP with a request that they be allowed to meet him (Appa Rao) but the request was denied.
The professor was reportedly taken to Narsipatnam in the agency area of Visakhapatnam district by the police.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

AAP to form harmony committees in all Delhi Assembly segmentsAAP to form harmony committees in all Delhi Assembly segments
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
Alleging “deliberate attempts” by the BJP to disrupt communal harmony and peace in different parts of Delhi recently, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has directed former MLAs and Vidhan Sabha convenors in all 70 Assembly segments to form all-religion peace committees.
AAP’s national convenor and former Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal also appealed to prominent personalities and all the citizens of Delhi to actively participate in these efforts.
“The AAP is of the firm view that there is a deliberate pattern to arouse communal passions in the recent incidents witnessed in Trilokpuri, Bawana, Mundka and Okhla,” Kejriwal said in a statement.
He said AAP had directed its members in all 70 Assembly constituencies to peacefully but firmly oppose such “wrong practices” as also take proactive steps to contact well-known people from all religions and form harmony committees.
“The message has to be taken to the people that those spreading hatred and trying to instigate riots can neither be called Hindus nor Muslims. Such elements are enemies of humanity and are devils,” said Kejriwal.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

GlaxoSmithKline Pharma Q3 net up 27% at Rs 128.67 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GlaxoSmithKline Pharma Q3 net up 27% at Rs 128.67 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals today reported a 27.45 per cent rise in its standalone net profit at Rs 128.67 crore for the third quarter ended September.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 100.95 crore for the corresponding period of the previous fiscal, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals said in a filing to the BSE.
The standalone total income from operations also rose to Rs 746.76 crore for the quarter under consideration from Rs 626.65 crore for the same period year-ago, it added.
The company follows the January-December financial year.
Established in 1924 in India, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals’ product portfolio includes prescription medicines and vaccines.
The company’s prescription medicines range across therapeutic areas such as anti-infectives, dermatology, gynaecology, diabetes, oncology, cardiovascular disease and respiratory diseases.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

NIIT IFBI  Kotak Mahindra  NIIT Univ partner for PG courseNIIT IFBI, Kotak Mahindra, NIIT Univ partner for PG course
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training (IFBI), NIIT University and Kotak Mahindra Bank have collaborated to launch a Post-Graduate Diploma in Banking and Relationship Management.
The entities have entered into a tripartite memorandum of understanding (MoU) to launch the 12-month course, which will be offered at NIIT University, a statement said.
The programme aims to develop and empower professionals with the necessary skills and knowledge to undertake various roles in banking and financial services.
NIIT IFBI and NIIT University will provide training to students, organise academic sessions in specialised areas of applied banking/ financial/ relationship management topics and also impart business and cultural orientation.
Upon successful completion of the programme, the students will get an opportunity to join Kotak Mahindra Bank as Probationary Officers.
“This programme will equip them in various aspects of jobs in BFSI. Banking is going to play a significant role in India’s progress, and this programme will help create a pool of competent professionals,” Kotak Mahindra Bank Executive Vice-President (HR) Amitabha Sen said.
The students will also undergo an industry-linked internship at Kotak Mahindra Bank during the course duration.
“The programme will help identify and professionally train manpower for the bank, while empowering aspiring youth to access challenging careers in the banking sector,” NIIT IFBI President Bimal Jain said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Green focus to $250bn India power planIndia targets renewables in $250bn power plan
Victor Mallet and Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/36b37c48-657e-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UGL sinks on project cost blowoutAustralia’s UGL sinks on huge project cost rise
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/33f14f6e-657c-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

At Rs 1 649  Nokia 130 offers 46 hours playback music The new Nokia 130 mobile phone has 1.8-inch color display and it promises standby time of up to 36 days.
PHOTO: www.microsoft.com

Maruti Suzuki launches  larger  NextGen Alto K10  prices it at Rs 3.06 lakhMercedes Benz inaugurates Chandigarh's largest dealership
Country’s largest passenger carmaker Maruti Suzuki has launched next generation Alto K10 in the Indian market. The launch was much-awaited especially because of the AMT (Automated Manual Transmission) system coming in the car. It has been launched in six different variants and the price range starts from Rs 3.06 lakh for the base LX variant while the AMT (VXi) variant comes at a price tag of Rs 3.80 lakh. With this price tag, Alto K10 becomes the cheapest automatic car of the country. There is also a CNG variant which is the top end variant in the line-up priced at Rs 3.81 lakh. All prices mentioned are ex-showroom, Delhi.
The new Alto K10 has received essential changes in all the departments. The front fascia of the car is updated with revamped chrome grille and contemporary looking swept back headlamps. The bonnet-line, air dam and the front bumper have been revised to make the car more sporty. From sides, the few noticeable changes are the addition of 13-inch wheels, body side moulding and new ORVMs while at the rear, the profile gets highlighted due to Celerio inspired taillights and tweaked bumpers. Dimensionally, the car is now 15mm wider and 15mm taller making way for extra room inside. Overall the silhouette of the car remains as that of Alto 800. The new Alto K10 also gets three new graceful colors Tango Orange, Cerulean Blue and Granite Grey besides the older Silky Silver, Superior White and Fire Brick Red in the list as well.
Interiors of the car have gone through dramatic transformation. There is an all new dashboard adorned in black and beige color theme, a new 3-spoke steering wheel and modern upholstery. The central console including the music system is decorated in all glossy black paint with matte silver highlights. Everything from the instrument cluster to control switches and seating have seen essential changes that gives the car a premium look in the class. Other new features in the car include Shift up indicator, internally adjustable ORVMs and updated music system which now supports USB and AUX-In support. The safety features in the car include driver side airbag, central locking, headlamp buzzer, key off reminder, child safety lock and seat belts.
Under the bonnet, there is something which was much awaited – the AMT transmission. The Automated Manual Transmission or in company’s words ‘Auto Gear Shift’ is the same technology that has been working under the hood of Celerio hatchback. The revolutionary concept was introduced first time by Maruti in Celerio hatchback and got an overwhelming response all around. Following the success, Maruti decided to introduce this in its new cars. In the system, the gear changes via pneumatics, processors, electric sensors and actuators. It removes the burden of clutch which is actuated electronically, that in turn automatically synchronizes required torque and speed for the quick gear change. The transmission system is paired to powerful 1.0 liter K10 engine which produces 67.1bhp and 90Nm of peak torque. The combination of both returns a healthy mileage of 24.07kmpl, a 15 percent improvement from the earlier model. The AMT system only comes in single (VXi) variant while other variants will continue to offer 5-speed manual transmission gearbox. The CNG variant on the other hand also returns smiling mileage figure of 32.36 km/kg.
As per the competition, the all new Alto K10 will be competing with Hyundai Eon and Datsun Go in the segment. According to company officials, the car has been developed at a whopping cost of Rs 200 crore on the current platform. Alto K10 alone has bagged over 4.3 lakh units over 4 years of time while the Alto nameplate has sold over 26 lakh units in the 14 years of long run.
TAGS: Alto K10 MAruti Alto K10 Maruti Suzuki
More from automobiles

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty hit record highs: Here s whyThe BSE Sensex crossed the 28,000-mark and the NSE Nifty hit a new peak of 8,363.65 in early trade on Wednesday on sustained FII fund
inflows.
Brokers attribute the sustained rally to a combination of global and local factors, which include rising optimism that the European Central Bank (ECB), which is scheduled to hold a review on November 9 when it could announce its stimulus programme to revive flagging growth in the Euro-zone. Some of this excess liquidity is expected to be headed India’s way, which is seen to be in a better position to attract capital flows as compared to other emerging market economies on the back of sharply improved fundamentals, a re-rating in valuations and a stable, reformist government at the helm.
Last Thursday, the Bank of Japan had announced plans to accelerate the purchase of government bonds to 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually, up by 30 trillion yen, which had sparked off a sustain rally in the equity markets in emerging economies as it comes at a time when
the US was looking for exiting its quantitative easing — or loose monetary — policy.
Among domestic factors, optimism over improved corporate earnings, the possibility of an interest rate cut in RBI’s upcoming December review
and a drop in global crude oil prices, which slipped to its lowest closing since October 2011, have improved sentiments further.
Earlier this week, global ratings agency Moody’s said that it may consider a ratings upgrade on India if inflation stays under control in the long term and the recent measures to boost growth and attract investments are implemented properly.
On Wednesday, the 30-share index surged by 141.57 points, or 0.50 per cent, to hit a new peak of 28,001.95, surpassing previous intra-day record of 27,969.82 achieved on Monday.
Foreign investors or FIIs have been the backbone of this massive rally that we have seen on the BSE Sensex. The index has rallied nearly 32
per cent so far in the year 2014, with FIIs having already pumped in $14bn into domestic equity capital markets this year.
With the Indian markets expected to see fresh inflows from Japan and possibly from Europe, foreign inflows into equities are likely to rise from the present $14 billion to an estimated 25 billion by 2014-15, according to projections.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty Sensex Record
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Panasonic launches P55 Android KitKat phablet at Rs 10 290New system allows computers to teach by example
Delivering on its commitment to constantly innovate, Panasonic India today unveiled its latest smartphone P55 at a price of Rs 10,290.
The P55 is the latest addition to Panasonic’s phablet line-up, having a 13.9cm (5.5) IPS HD display, and a 1.2GHz Quad Core processor. The device runs on Android 4.4.2 (KitKat) and has an 8 MP full HD-capable autofocus camera. Panasonic P 55 houses a 2500 mAh battery to power the device.
The smartphone comes with a ‘Tap Play’ feature where the device has an in-built capability to recognise touch while in sleep mode, i.e. users can double tap to wake-up the phablet instead of reaching the power button every time. Likewise, it can be returned to sleep mode with the same gesture.
The P55 also features ‘Gesture Play’, a gesture based feature to launch apps directly from home screen, ‘Pop-i Player’, which lets you multi-task while playing videos and a single hand operable music player named ‘Music café’.
The smartphone will be available in India from the first week of this month.
More from industry

Intel Capital puts $62 million in 16 companies; to invest $355 million this yearTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
Intel Capital, the investment arm of chip maker Intel, today said it has invested about USD 62 million in 16 technology companies working in areas like wearables, data analytics and Internet of Things (IoT).
Intel Capital invests in the technology continuum and everything in between, including silicon, smart devices, PCs, the cloud and data centres, Intel Capital President and Intel Executive Vice President Arvind Sodhani said.
“We are focused on helping innovative companies develop across this technology ecosystem, and we expect to invest a total of USD 355 million this year,” he added.
The firm has invested USD 62 million in 16 companies and the announcement was made at the 15th annual Intel Capital Global Summit.
The founders of the newest portfolio companies include 13-year-old Shubham Banerjee, who has invented low-cost Braille printers for the blind using Legos and Intel Edison chips, and 25-year semiconductor expert Sundari Mitra, who is now running her second startup.
The list includes firms like Inrix, which leverages big data analytics and predictive technology to help automakers, corporate fleets, governments and news organisations reduce the economic and environmental toll of traffic congestion.
Intel Capital invests in companies offering hardware, software, and services targeting enterprise, mobility, consumer Internet, digital media and semiconductor manufacturing.
Since 1991, it has invested more than USD 11 billion in over 1,400 companies in 57 countries. Of them, 209 portfolio companies have gone public on various exchanges around the world and 363 were acquired or participated in a merger.
In 2013, Intel Capital invested USD 333 million in 146 investments.
TAGS: Intel Capital Intel Capital Investment News Intel Capital Investments Intel Capital Investments 2014
More from companies

Forbes power ranking: PM Modi at No. 15  Putin beats Obama againComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday made his debut among the world’s most powerful people, ranked 15th on the Forbes list topped by Russian President Vladimir Putin who pipped his US counterpart Barack Obama for a second year in a row.
The list of 72 most powerful people in the world also included the names of Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani at 36th, Arcelo rMittal Chairman and CEO Lakshmi Mittal at 57th and Microsoft’s Indian-born CEO Satya Nadella at 64th spot.
On Modi, Forbes said “India’s newest rock star doesn’t hail from Bollywood. He is the newly elected Prime Minister who sailed into office in May with a landslide victory, ushering the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) into power after decades of control by the Gandhi dynasty.”
 
Forbes described him as a “Hindu nationalist” and referred to the 2002 Gujarat riots when he was the state’s chief minister.
“The world is as impressed as the citizens of India: So far he’s toured the US and China and met with his Southeast Asian neighbours,” the magazine said.
This year there are 12 newcomers on the list, including Modi and Egypt President Abdel el-Sisi.
Alibiba founder and China’s richest man — Jack Ma also makes a first appearance on the list, as does terror group Islamic State’s chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
This is the second year in a row that Putin carries the crown.

Qualcomm / CSR  rival perspectives© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/e959aab0-548b-11e4-b2ea-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola countries to get $450 million in financing by private sector firmPrint
File-This Feb. 28, 2014, file photo shows Samantha Power, U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., speaking during a news conference after a private U.N. Security Council meeting. Power is going to visit all three of the West African countries hit hardest by the Ebola outbreak. A statement released late Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014, by the U.S. mission to the U.N. says Samantha Power will visit Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea "to draw attention to the need for increased support for the international response." (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: November 6, 2014 10:46 am
A new private sector initiative announced Wednesday will provide at least $450 million in commercial financing to the three West African countries hardest hit by Ebola to promote trade, investment and employment.
The International Finance Corporation, which is part of the World Bank Group, announced that the package will include $250 million in rapid response projects and at least $200 million in investment projects to support the economic recovery of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea after the Ebola outbreak is controlled.
The announcement coincides with the U.N. Development Program’s release of a study on the socio-economic impact of the outbreak, which found that the governments of the three countries need $328 million to be able to function at pre-crisis levels. The study said the shortfalls are caused by increased spending to tackle Ebola and the slowdown of economic activity in fields such as tourism, mining and trade.
“Ebola is a humanitarian crisis first and foremost, but it’s also an economic disaster for Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone,” World Bank President Jim Yong Kim said in a statement. “That’s why in addition to our emergency aid, we will do all we can to help support the private sector in these countries to build back their business.”
IFC, the largest global development institution that focuses exclusively on the private sector, said its initiative includes a $75 million Ebola Emergency Liquidity Facility to fund critical imports for the Ebola-affected countries, including energy, food and agricultural commodities and manufactured goods.
IFC said its board approved the rapid response program last week. It will initially be available to six IFC client banks and could be expanded to additional banks.
Jin Yong Cai, IFC executive vice president and CEO, said the corporation “will find and create opportunities to encourage private investors to play a large role in the recovery of markets directly and indirectly affected by the ongoing Ebola outbreak in West Africa.”
The UNDP study found that because of Ebola, government expenses have risen continued…

Mom! Dad! We re Going to Be Late for Work!At least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

E-commerce boom: Goldman  CLSA  Credit Suisse join hunt for India s AlibabaCentrum Wealth Management
(Online shopping in India…)
MUMBAI: As the Indian e-commerce story begins to play out and the hunt is on to find India's next Alibaba, brokerage houses are quickly doing a mid-course correction and rushing to cover e-commerce stocks such as Just Dial and Info Edge.
Foreign brokerages such as Goldman Sachs , CLSA , Credit Suisse , HSBC , JPMorgan and UBS have all started tracking these stocks, as they sense the potential of the e-commerce space, and its big-bang impact on Dalal Street .
Sample this: last July, only three brokerage houses were covering Just Dial, which has jumped to 23 at present, even as the stock has surged nearly three times since its listing in June 2013. Similarly, Info Edge is currently tracked by 24 brokerage houses, against 16 in July last, while the stock has jumped 120 per cent in one year, according to Bloomberg data.
"The e-commerce space is the next big emerging theme in the markets, and brokerage houses don't want to miss the bus. We expect many success stories to unfold in the listed space, and currently we are at the beginning of an e-commerce boom," Kunj Bansal, ED and chief investment officer at Centrum Wealth Management , said.
Analysts believe that in the e-commerce space, there are multiple enablers for explosive growth, including a rapidly growing number of internet users, steady rise in the proportion of online shoppers within the internet community, growth in the per-shopper transaction value, and continuous flow of capital investments, making these firms attractive bets.
"The money which has been raised by Flipkart and Snapdeal has grabbed everybody's attention. The trend of online shopping by Indian retailers hold great promise in the e-commerce space," said Dipen Shah, head — private client group research, Kotak Securities .
Online shopping in India of physical goods is estimated to reach around $4 billion in 2014, and will multiply by over 11 times to hit $45 billion by 2020, according to MOSL report. "We have initiated coverage on Info Edge with a buy rating and price target of Rs 1,100, as we see the company in direct and high quality play on the exploding e-commerce opportunity," said Rajat Rajgarhia, managing director — institutional equities at Motilal Oswal Securities .
One of the reasons why brokerages are gung-ho is India's growing internet population, which is estimated to grow to 400 million by 2016, making it the second largest in the world.
"On Just Dial, we have a buy recommendation with a target price of Rs 1,800, as the company is the leader in local search engines with a strong e-commerce presence, which is a winning formula," Rajgarhia added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sena wants ministerial berths before Sunday  but BJP won t relentComments
Trouble seems to be brewing between the Shiv Sena and the BJP again, with the former saying it will not be part of the state government unless a few of its ministers are sworn in before Sunday.
“If Uddhavji was graceful enough to attend the swearing-in ceremony, then the BJP needs to take a step ahead too,” said a senior Sena leader. The party has decided to hold a meeting at the Thackeray residence on Sunday evening, to take a final decision.
However, chief minister Devendra Fadnavis reiterated on Wednesday that the cabinet would be expanded only after the trust vote next week. This means no Sena legislator will be sworn in before the end of the special Assembly session on November 12.
Although Fadnavis did not specify when the expansion would take place, he clarified that no state-level BJP leaders were discussing power-sharing with the Sena. “Leaders in New Delhi are negotiating with them,” he said.
But, Sena MP Anil Desai dismissed Fadnavis’ claims. “I am here in Mumbai, but no one has spoken to me so far,” he told HT.
The Sena has demanded onethird of ministerial berths, along with the deputy chief minister’s post.
If the Sena decides to join the government, its 63 MLAs will add to the ruling party’s 121, to form a majority government. But the BJP also has the Nationalist Congress Party’s offer, to extend outside support to it, which is yet to decide on.
Meanwhile, an editorial in the Sena mouthpiece Saamana took potshots at Fadnavis over the Vidarbha issue, stating that the CM should concentrate on developing the region, instead of giving it statehood. “The BJP won hands down in Vidarbha. But, the party should not think the mandate was given to divide Maharashtra. Separating Vidarbha from Maharashtra is like separating a child from its mother,” the editorial said.
“On his first visit to Nagpur after becoming the CM, Fadnavis said Vidarbha will be carved out at the right time. Instead, he should have spoken about its development. He should have spoken about empowering security agencies in Naxal-hit areas such as Gadchiroli and Chandrapur,” the editorial said.

Pakistan rejects Pentagon s report on militancyPakistan rejects Pentagon's report on militancy
AP
print
Pakistan has summoned the US ambassador to reject allegations in a Pentagon report that Islamabad supports militant proxies in neighbouring India and Afghanistan.
A foreign ministry statement said National Security and foreign affairs adviser Sartaj Aziz conveyed the complaint to US ambassador Richard Olson in a meeting at the ministry.
The US defense department report, titled "Progress Toward Security and Stability in Afghanistan," said militants battling in Afghanistan and India continue to enjoy safe havens in Pakistan, which uses the fighters as a hedge against its loss of influence in Afghanistan and as a counterweight to India's superior military.
The statement says the allegations are of particular concern now, given that the Pakistani military is waging a major offensive against militants in North Waziristan, a tribal region bordering Afghanistan.

Pakistan rejects US allegation it supports militant proxies against IndiaPrint
Pakistani army troops ride military vehicles as they leave the Malir cantonment for deployment, Saturday, Nov. 1, 2014 in Karachi, Pakistan. Pakistani authorities decided to deploy army troops in sensitive areas during mourning days of Muharram, the first month of the Islamic calendar, which is observed around the world for 10 days of mourning in remembrance of the martyrdom of Imam Hussein, the grandson of Prophet Mohammed. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Islamabad | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:26 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 2:41 pm
Pakistan has summoned the U.S. ambassador to reject allegations in a Pentagon report that Islamabad supports militant proxies in neighboring India and Afghanistan.
A foreign ministry statement said National Security and Foreign Affairs adviser Sartaj Aziz conveyed the complaint to U.S. Ambassador Richard Olson in a meeting at the ministry.
ALSO READ: Pakistan using militants as proxies to counter superior Indian military, says Pentagon
The U.S. Defense Department report, titled “Progress Toward Security and Stability in Afghanistan,” said militants battling in Afghanistan and India continue to enjoy safe havens in Pakistan, which uses the fighters as a hedge against its loss of influence in Afghanistan and as a counterweight to India’s superior military.
The statement says the allegations are of particular concern now, given that the Pakistani military is waging a major offensive against militants in North Waziristan, a tribal region bordering Afghanistan.

Mizoram Police arrest three  seize close to 20 000 detonators bound forMyanmarPrint
By: Express News Service | Aizawl | Posted: November 6, 2014 2:33 pm
Mizoram Police arrested three men and seized 19,300 detonators from their possession in the wee hours of Thursday morning.
Police in eastern Champhai district arrested driver Kaphnuna, 23, a resident of capital Aizawl and Rochhingpuia, 35, of Champhai Kanan Veng neighborhood around 5 am in the Indo-Myanmar border village of Zokhawthar.
Upon investigations, police also arrested Lalhmunmawia 30, of Champhai Venglai neighborhood and have named him as the main accused who gave them the consignment for delivery into Myanmar.
Champhai SP John Laldina said the three are being questioned to find the actual source of the consignment and more arrests are likely to follow.
Police have over the past few years arrested several people and seized tens of thousands of detonators being smuggled to Myanmar, where they say it is likely being used in quarries since it is difficult to purchase explosives there.
Many prominent Mizoram residents and even high-ranking officials have in the past been investigated for their alleged links in the explosives smuggling racket.

Primary school teacher arrested for allegedly sexually molesting 32girlsPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: November 6, 2014 2:23 pm | Updated: November 7, 2014 2:26 am
A 30-year-old primary school teacher at a government school in Champhai district of Mizoram has been arrested for allegedly sexually abusing 32 students in the last three years.
Two sets of parents filed separate FIRs with the police on Tuesday, alleging that the accused molested their daughters in the classroom and the school office several times before threatening them against speaking about the incidents.
One of the FIRs alleged that one girl started bleeding from her private parts after she was molested.
Champhai Superintendent of Police John Laldina said the accused, Lalhmingmawia, was recruited by the village council in 2012 since the school did not have a teacher.
“Our investigations show that Lalhmingmawia molested up to 32 girls aged between eight and 12 over the past three years. We have questioned him and many parents of children who attend the school,” said Laldina, adding that the accused was being brought to district capital Champhai for further investigations.
Lalhmingmawia has been arrested and charged under IPC sections 376 clauses 2, 1, (k), IPC 506 and section 6 of the Prevention of Crimes Against Children Act.

Lindiwe Nonceba Sisulu: We also own Mahatma Gandhi jiPrint
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj shakes hands with Lindiwe Nonceba Sisulu, Minister for Human Settlement , South Africa during a meeting in New Delhi (Source: PTI)
Written by Divya A | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 2:12 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 2:13 pm
As her country marks 20 years of independence, Lindiwe Nonceba Sisulu – South Africa’s Minister of Human Settlements – makes her first-ever visit to India, to “express gratitude for India’s support in their freedom struggle”. Next year, South Africa will celebrate 100 years of Mahatma Gandhi’s historic journey from South Africa to India. Excerpts from an interview:
There is a big ethnic Indian community in South Africa. What is their role in public life and in economy?
Indians, or Asians for that matter, are entrepreneurial by nature. They contribute a lot to our economy. Many of them have been there for generations, and we don’t consider them as Indians or Asians. They are Africans, just like us. In the official population register though, we have to categorise our citizens as “Asians” or “Whites” or “Coloured”, but that’s for representational purposes. In fact, we are moving towards eliminating that.
Two decades after independence, what is the state of women in South African society?
We have exceeded expectations in women’s representation within the country. In fact, now there is a law which ensures 50 per cent representation of women in every government community/institution. But having said that, patriarchy is still deep-seated in our society. For example, when it comes to land holdings, women may have access to land but their ownership is very very limited.
How does South Africa view its ties with India?
India is our closest ally in Asia. Together, we are part of BRICS as well as IBSA. We have learnt a lot from India in terms of housing solutions. Recently, we have established a National Development Plan, modelled on India’s Planning Commission. Besides, there always the shared legacy of Mahatma Gandhi. Early next year, we are going to celebrate 100 years of his moving from South Africa to India, and his philosophy of passive resistance to oppression, in a big way.
What are the celebrations going to be like?
No finer details have been worked out as yet. In fact, since Mahatma Gandhi ji belongs to India as well as South Africa, I invite suggestions from the Indian government and citizens alike on how best to celebrate his legacy in an inclusive way. But we are going to invite the heads of Indian government here, and the Indian National Congress for the celebrations. Celebrating Gandhi is our way of telling the world that we also own Mahatma Gandhi ji. Even though India owns some of him, we own the better part of him.

Andhra University assistant professor arrested for suspected links with MaoistsPrint
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: November 6, 2014 2:23 pm | Updated: November 7, 2014 2:24 am
Visakhapatnam rural police arrested an assistant professor of Andhra University in the early hours of Thursday for allegedly facilitating procurement of explosives including 300 kg of ammonium nitrate for the East Visakha Division of CPI (Maoists).
Dr Jarla Appa Rao, head of the varsity’s Telugu Department and a tribal rights activist, was nabbed at 2 am from the staff quarters on campus. Vizag Rural SP Dr Koya Praveen told The Indian Express that they had evidence that Rao mediated with mine owners on behalf of Maoist leaders. “Dr Rao met mine owners and gave them lists of things that the Maoists demanded to allow mining operations to continue,” he said.
SP Praveen added that it was a quid pro quo arrangement that Dr Rao was actively involved in and he encouraged mine owners and contractors to fulfill the Maoists demands. “In the past, Dr Rao had supplied cell phones, camera flashes, batteries, hearing aids to the rebels. This time he was involved in facilitating procurement of explosive material like ammonium nitrate, cordex wires, and detonators. He was using contacts within the mining industry who had licenses to purchase explosives and the material was pilfered along the way. These materials were supplied to the Maoists through several intermediaries. Whether he did it under pressure or not, it is a serious offence for a professor and a government servant,” he added.
The SP added that three others involved in procuring and transporting the explosives were arrested two days ago. The cache of 500 electronic detonators and 300kg of ammonium nitrate, a tablet and three cell phones was recovered from Narsipatnam, he said.
Of the three persons arrested, two said Dr Rao was knew how and where the explosives were procured from, said police sources. “We also came to know that there was a godown at Kathipudi in East Godavari district from where explosives were pilfered. On Wednesday night, one police team went to raid the godown while another went to bring Dr Rao for interrogation. We could not wait till morning because Dr Rao was already aware that the explosives cache had been was caught by police and he may have escaped,” SP Praveen said, adding that call records show Dr Rao was regularly in touch with representatives of the Maoists.
Meanwhile, the sudden arrest of Dr Rao has drawn criticism from academicians, students and tribal organisations. Hundreds of students and teachers of the varsity demonstrated outside the SP’s office in Vizag demanding his immediate release. The varsity’s teacher and student outfits have called for a university bandh Friday.
Prof Yohan Babu said Dr Rao inspired students from backward communities and was popular on the campus.
Student leader K Kanta Rao said Dr Rao helped poor students. “He is also a good guide and assists students in choosing research subjects,” he added. Rao’s colleague Prof D V R Murthy said he had a clean record. “His arrest is a big surprise because we are not aware of his alleged Maoist connections,’’ he said.
The college teacher was also a tribal continued…

TN fishermen stay away from sea demanding their releasedemonstration
Shops were also closed in fishermen-dominated localities across the State with black flags hoisted atop their homes as a mark of protest.
Nearly 30 lakh fishermen from coastal villages in the State intensified their agitation on Thursday against the death sentence awarded to five fishermen from Thangachimadam by a Colombo court recently.
Nagapattinam
Hundreds of fishermen from Nagapattinam and Karaikal districts attached to 64 coastal villages began a fast in front of the Head Post Office here.
Members of the Naam Tamilar Katchi staged a demonstration in front of the railway station, urging the Centre to mount pressure on Sri Lanka to ensure the acquittal of the fishermen and their early release.
In Pudukottai, fishermen observed a fast at Jagadapattinam. About 500 country boat and mechanised boat fishermen abstained from fishing.
R. Ramadevan, vice-president, Mechanised Boat Fishermen Welfare Association, and R. Muniasamy, president, Country boat Fishermen Welfare Association, who spoke at the meeting, said the cases had been foisted on the fishermen of Thangachimadam.
The fishermen also hoisted black flags in front of their houses.
Strike in Nagercoil
Fishermen of villages, from Arogyapuram to Neerodi, in Kanyakumari district struck work on Thursday.
Over 300 fishermen from the Colachel harbour observed a one-day strike while those from the Chinnamuttaom harbour were on strike for the third day. As a result, both fishing harbours wore a deserted look. The usually busy coastal villages, such as Kanyakumari, Kovalam, Manakkudi, Rajakkamangalam, Kurumbanai, Mandaikkadu, Manavalakkurichi, Irayumanthurai and Ramanthurai had the buzz missing.
A group of fishermen staged a demonstration in front of the office of the Assistant Director of Fisheries at Colachel.
A team of members from the South Asian Fishermen Fraternity (SAFF), consisting of various fishermen associations, submitted petitions to Collector Sajjansingh R. Chavan, wearing black clothes. Tamil Nadu Women Fishermen Federation president M. Leema Rose led the team.
Earlier, the SAFF passed six resolutions at a consultative meeting at Nagercoil. Copies of the resolutions were handed over to the Collector.
The meeting condemned Sri Lankan President Rajapaksa and urged the Indian government to take up the issue with the United Nations. It urged the Centre to send a high-level committee to Sri Lanka to secure the release of the fishermen through dialogue with Mr. Rajapaksa.
Another resolution called upon the State government to register a criminal case against Mr. Rajapaksa for killing 840 Tamil Nadu fishermen and get Rs.1 crore in compensation for the families of the victims.

Muthoot enters gold aggregation  recycling businessHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Muthoot enters gold aggregation, recycling business
L. N. Revathy
Tweet
Coimbatore, Nov 6:  
Want to sell your old gold or know the purity of the ornament? Not that people did not do so in the past but by and large accepted whatever the jewellers said, be it in terms of metal purity or buyback rate.
To empower customers with information and make the business of old gold sale more transparent, Muthoot Exim Pvt Ltd, the precious metals division of Muthoot Pappachan Group (MPG), has launched its first outlet – Muthoot Gold Point in Coimbatore.
The opening of this outlet marks the company’s foray into retail gold aggregation and recycling business, says Keyur Shah, Chief Executive Officer, Precious Metals Division, MPG.
The company plans to open a similar outlet in Chennai, followed by another in Madurai region before the close of this fiscal.
"We identified Tamil Nadu as a potential state for retail gold aggregation as South India accounts for 40 per cent of the country’s gold consumption and 70 per cent of this consumption is in this State," he said in reply to a query.
Elaborating on the new business, Shah said the company’s objective is to cater to the burgeoning individual household need to recycle unwanted, old and used gold jewellery by buying the scrap or used jewellery items directly from the customers.
The new facility established by the company here would ensure transparency in purity, weight and valuation. "We will offer the live market rate and not go by the fixed rate for the day. We have a national pricing policy," Shah said.
He said India is one of the largest importers of gold in the world and already had an estimated stock of more than 25,000 tonnes in the custody of private households and temple trusts. "All this is lying idle and our average import of bullion over the last 8 years has stood at around 800 tonnes/ annum."
"If such idle holding is brought into the market, our dependence on import would decline drastically. Only 200 to 300 tonnes of used gold is recycled annually at present," Mr Shah noted.
Muthoot Exim has tied up with Mumbai-based Infinium Precious Resources for refining the scrap gold. "They will help reprocess and refine the scrap, which can be supplied as refined bars for domestic consumption. By doing so, we will be able to supply "made in India" gold bars," he said, stressing on the need for more refineries in India.
The launch of ‘Muthoot Gold Point’ is seen as a significant step as it aligns with the Government’s objective of keeping the current account deficit under control as it would aid in garnering and channelising domestic unused gold to productive use.
Reverting to silver, he said "we started the initiative in Gujarat as it is the largest consumer of silver. The purity levels are pathetic. Incidentally, the standard for silver is not defined in India. We have created the standard. ‘Swethavarsham’ is our flagship product. These are hallmarked silver coins, which can be purchased on monthly payment basis. We have a network of 200 branches in Gujarat. We intend to foray into the Tamil Nadu market before the close of this fiscal."
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

TPG Capital-led consortium acquires property services co DTZTPG Capital-led consortium acquires property services co DTZ
Amrita Nair-Ghaswalla
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 6:  
TPG Capital, a private equity and venture capital firm, along with a private investment consortium of PAG Asia Capital and Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan has completed the purchase of property services company DTZ. The deal is estimated at around $1 billion.
In India, DTZ provides investors end-to-end property solutions. DTZ in India has over 270 employees and operates across five offices.
Earlier, company executives had reportedly said that global investors had got interested in the Indian real estate market with the new government at the Centre, and its realty-friendly policy announcements.
DTZ’s range of property services is comprehensive and comprises investment advisory services, leasing, marketing and sale of property across commercial, retail, hospitality and industrial sectors, as well as project management expertise for all types of property.
The purchase of Australian engineering firm UGL Ltd's DTZ property arm by the private consortium would help catapult TPG to the top slot as one of the world's largest property companies.
In September this year, DTZ announced that it would buy US property services firm Cassidy Turley. The merger of Cassidy Turley into DTZ is set to form a company with revenues of $2.9 billion, noted a statement from Cassidy Turley.
DTZ confirmed the close of its sale in a statement, and termed it a new beginning as an independent, privately owned global property services company.
DTZ said it would continue to operate under the DTZ brand and its seasoned executive leadership team. Tod Lickerman is to continue in his current role as Global Chief Executive Officer of DTZ, and report to Brett White, former Chief Executive Officer of the CBRE Group, who is to begin serving as full time Executive Chairman of the new company in March 2015.
``DTZ now has the independent governance, strong capital base and speed-to-market of a private company, which will allow us to grow and serve our clients’ ever changing needs,'' said Tod Lickerman, in the statement.
He added that DTZ's new capital structure and strong financial backers positions DTZ to make continued investments to expand its capabilities, and offer clients a complete suite of services in every major market around the world.
In September, an affiliate of DTZ Investment Holdings, backed by the TPG and PAG Consortium had announced it had entered into an agreement to acquire Cassidy Turley, with plans to combine it with the DTZ business during 2015. The acquisition of Cassidy Turley is expected to be completed by December 31, 2014.
Speaking on behalf of the TPG and PAG Consortium, TPG’s Ben Gray said in the statement, ``The combination of DTZ’s strong businesses in Asia and Europe, its existing businesses in the United States and Cassidy Turley’s market leading business in the United States, will create a global, full service property services company that will be top 3 in the sector.''
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

ONGC  Reliance Industries disclose tax payments abroad: Transparency InternationalTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
ONGC and Reliance Industries are the only two Indian companies that disclose tax payments in almost all the foreign countries where they operate, says a report.
According to a report by Transparency International, the world’s biggest companies disclose little or no financial details about their operations outside their home country.
Ninety of the 124 companies assessed do not disclose the taxes they pay in foreign countries, while 54 disclose no information on their revenues in other countries, it said.
Only BHP Billiton, Statoil and Indian firms ONGC and Reliance Industries disclose tax payments in almost all the foreign countries where they operate, the report added.
Two Indian companies Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Ltd (ONGC) and Reliance Industries have performed well. ONGC is the first PSU to adopt IP by entering into MoU with Transparency International India (TII).
RIL is ranked at ninth position, while ONGC is at 26th place among the 124 companies list. RIL has scored 5.6 out of ten, while ONGC has scored 4.8, as per the report.
The report, Transparency in Corporate Reporting, analysed 124 companies from the Forbes list of the world’s biggest publicly-traded companies.
The companies, whose combined market value is more than USD 14 trillion, are ranked on the basis of their reporting of the measures they take to prevent corruption, information about subsidiaries and holdings and key financial information about overseas operations.
“We need more transparency from multinational companies, whose power in the world economy closely rivals the biggest countries,” said Transparency International Chair, José Ugaz.
“With greater economic power comes greater responsibility. Bad corporate behaviour creates corruption that causes poverty and instability. By not responding to people’s demands for greater transparency and accountability, companies risk harming their brand and losing customers,” Ugaz said.
The Berlin-based anti-corruption watchdog has named Bank of China, Honda Motor, Bank of Communications, Agricultural Bank of China and Sberbank as the five least transparent companies.
Italy’s Eni, Britain’s Vodafone and Norway’s Statoil are at the top.
“Companies have to provide more information on their financial operations. Transparency allows citizens to find out the extent of a company’s operations in their country. It is also essential to follow money flows between governments and companies, which can be subject to corruption,” Ugaz added.
TAGS: ONGC Reliance Industries
More from companies

Renzi aide has atomic bomb to revive economyItaly has ‘atomic bomb’ to revive economy, says Renzi aide
James Politi and Giulia Segreti in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba925ef4-64d8-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Not aware of rules on appointing close relatives: Bihar CM Jitan RamManjiBy: Press Trust of India | Patna | Posted: November 6, 2014 3:08 pm
In the eye of the storm over the controversial appointment of his son-in-law as his Personal Assistant (PA), Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi on Thursday said he was not aware of the rules and blamed the Cabinet department for not telling him about it before issuing the notification.
“I was not aware of the rules not to appoint close relatives as staff in the office. It was the duty of state Cabinet Secretariat to see (about law prohibiting such appointments),” Manjhi told reporters here.
“The Cabinet department which issued the notification of the appointments did not tell me about the existing rules,” he said on appointment of his son-in-law Devendra Kumar as his PA.
“As soon as the matter came to my knowledge, I removed my son-in-law,” Manjhi said.
Manjhi’s son-in-law Devendra Kumar put in his papers late last night after the appointment kicked controversy.
About the appointment of his relative Satyendra Kumar, who has been appointed as peon through the same June 4, 2014 notification, Manjhi said he was his nephew and the matter did not come in the definition of close relatives in the existing law.
“Close relative means son, daughter and their spouse and not nephew. If you say he hails from the same caste as I am, then my every caste men will somewhere or other come as my relatives,” he said.
Responding to his critics on the appointments, Manjhi said “Hame Gaali dene wale apni patni ko jaali certificate ke aadhar par college professor banaye hua hai (those abusing me has helped his wife become a college professor on the basis of a fake certificate).”

PM Modi ranked 15th on Forbes power list; PutintopsThe Forbes magazine described Narendra Modi as a 'Hindu nationalist' leader. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Posted: November 6, 2014 3:03 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 3:59 pm
Indian Prime Narendra Modi on Wednesday joined the world’s most powerful people ranking 15th on the Forbes list with Russian President Vladimir Putin once again beating US President Barack Obama to the top spot.
Russian President Vladimir Putin. (Source: AP photo)
“India’s newest rock star doesn’t hail from Bollywood. He is the newly elected prime minister who sailed into office in May with a landslide victory, ushering the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) into power after decades of control by the Gandhi dynasty,” said the US business magazine of Modi.
Describing Modi as a “Hindu nationalist”, Forbes referred to the 2002 Gujarat riots when he was the state’s chief minister noting he “is credited with massive reconstruction projects in his home state of Gujarat”.
“His administration promises to bring economic rejuvenation to other beleaguered parts of India. The world is as impressed as the citizens of India: So far he’s toured the US and China and met with his Southeast Asian neighbours,” the magazine said.
Other Indians on the list of 72 most powerful people in the world included Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani at 36th, ArcelorMittal Chairman and CEO Lakshmi Mittal at 57th and Microsoft’s Indian-born CEO Satya Nadella at 64th spot.
Besides Modi, the 12 newcomers to this year’s list include Nadella, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon (No. 29), Alibaba CEO Jack Ma (No. 30) and Egyptian President Abdel el-Sisi.
Six of the Most Powerful are from China, three from India, two from Hong Kong, and one is from Taiwan.
Nine of the 72 are women, which is the same number as last year German Chancellor Angela Merkel ranked fifth.
The top five positions are unchanged from last year, with Obama (No. 2) remaining in second place ahead of Communist Party of China’s General Secretary and country’s President Xi Jinping (No. 3), Pope Francis (No.4) and German Chancellor Angela Merkel (No.5).
Rounding out the Top 10 are Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen (No. 6), Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Co-chair Bill Gates (No. 7), European Central Bank President Mario Draghi (No. 8), Google cofounders Larry Page and Sergey Brin (No. 9), and British Prime Minister David Cameron (No. 10).

US strike hits Syrian rebel compound  sayactivistsPrint
In this photo taken Monday, Oct. 13, 2014, an aircraft launches from the flight deck of the USS George H.W. Bush in the Persian Gulf. Bolstered by intensified U.S.-led coalition airstrikes targeting militants from the Islamic State group, Kurdish militiamen fought pitched street battles Wednesday with the extremists in a Syrian Kurdish border town near Turkey, making small advances, activists and officials said. (Source: AP Photo/U.S. Navy)
By: Associated Press | Beirut | Posted: November 6, 2014 2:48 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 3:33 pm
U.S. airstrikes hit the compound of a powerful hard-line rebel group that is not affiliated to the Islamic State extremist organization early Thursday, activists said, in an apparent widening of targets that could further strain relations between Washington and the Western-backed opposition.
The Syrian rebels have complained that the aerial campaign against the extremist group is indirectly aiding President Bashar Assad’s forces, and have been infuriated by the U.S. willingness to attack other Islamic militant groups that the rebels view as allies while refraining from targeting the government.
In this photo taken Monday, Oct. 13, 2014, seaman Kelsea Webb, from Danville, Illinois, stands a lookout watch aboard the USS George H.W. Bush in the Persian Gulf. Bolstered by intensified U.S.-led coalition airstrikes targeting militants from the Islamic State group, Kurdish militiamen fought pitched street battles Wednesday, Oct. 15, with the extremists in a Syrian Kurdish border town near Turkey, making small advances, activists and officials said. (Source: AP Photo/U.S. Navy)
At least one strike hit a compound belonging to Ahrar al-Sham in the town of Babsalqa in the northwestern province of Idlib, according to local activist Ahmad Kaddour and the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Ahrar al-Sham is a rebel group that follows an extremely conservative interpretation of Islam.
One of its founders was a senior al-Qaida operative known as Abu Khaled al-Souri. The group is not affiliated with the global terror network, although it has close relations with the Nusra Front, al-Qaida’s Syrian branch.
Ahrar al-Sham is part of the Islamic Front, an alliance of seven powerful conservative and ultraconservative rebel groups that merged in November last year. The Islamic Front wants to create an Islamic continued…

P&G  GE best firms in terms of leadership: S...best firms
(No Indian company feature…)
NEW DELHI: Multinational consumer goods company Procter & Gamble has been named world's best company in terms of leadership followed by General Electric and Coca-Cola in the second and third place respectively, as per a Hay Group study.
The global management consulting firm today released its ninth annual Best Companies for Leadership Study and the Top 20 list on the basis of how these companies build and promote the development of great leaders.
Others in the top 10 list include IBM at the fourth place, followed by Unilever (5th), Intel (6th), McDonald's (7th), Samsung (8th), 3M (9th) and Hewlett-Packard (10th).
No Indian company feature in the list though almost all of them which find mention have significant presence in India.
The top 20 best companies for leadership also include PepsiCo (11th), Toyota (12th), Accenture (13th), Siemens (14th), Telefonica (15th), BASF (16th), Johnson & Johnson (17th), Citigroup (18th), IKEA (19th) and Pfzer (20th).
"This year's research shows that the world's leading organisations are purposefully developing leaders who will be able to drive innovation and transform their organisations," Hay Group's global managing director of Leadership and Talent practice Ruth Malloy said.
The report said around 80 per cent of the top 20 firms had established clear career paths for their employees, compared to only 48 per cent of all other companies.
"These best-in-class organisations are providing non -traditional, more diverse, career paths and training high -potential employees to meet specific business challenges and develop the skills required to help their organisations succeed in today's increasingly volatile, global environment," Malloy added.
At the top 20 companies, flexibility to respond to economic changes was identified as a top challenge for leaders over the next 12 months, along with the ability to capitalise on opportunities within emerging markets, the report said.
"Today, the capacity to meet challenges requires an unusual set of leadership skills and it is these traits that set the Best Companies for Leadership apart from the rest," Hay Group India Country Head Sridhar Ganesan said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nila Infrastructures  board meeting on November 14  2014Nila Infrastructures  board meeting on November 14  2014
Bihar CM Jitan Ram Manjhi appoints son-in-law as PABihar CM Jitan Ram Manjhi appoints son-in-law as PA
P&G  GE worlds best firms in terms of leadership: studyHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
P&G, GE world’s best cos in terms of leadership: study
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
Multinational consumer goods company Procter & Gamble has been named world’s best company in terms of leadership followed by General Electric and Coca-Cola in the second and third place respectively, as per a Hay Group study.
The global management consulting firm today released its ninth annual Best Companies for Leadership Study and the Top 20 list on the basis of how these companies build and promote the development of great leaders.
Others in the top 10 list include IBM at the fourth place, followed by Unilever (5th), Intel (6th), McDonald’s (7th), Samsung (8th), 3M (9th) and Hewlett-Packard (10th).
No Indian company feature in the list though almost all of them which find mention have significant presence in India.
The top 20 best companies for leadership also include PepsiCo (11th), Toyota (12th), Accenture (13th), Siemens (14th), Telefonica (15th), BASF (16th), Johnson & Johnson (17th), Citigroup (18th), IKEA (19th) and Pfzer (20th).
“This year’s research shows that the world’s leading organisations are purposefully developing leaders who will be able to drive innovation and transform their organisations,” Hay Group’s global managing director of Leadership and Talent practice Ruth Malloy said.
The report said around 80 per cent of the top 20 firms had established clear career paths for their employees, compared to only 48 per cent of all other companies.
“These best-in-class organisations are providing non-traditional, more diverse, career paths and training high-potential employees to meet specific business challenges and develop the skills required to help their organisations succeed in today’s increasingly volatile, global environment,” Malloy added.
At the top 20 companies, flexibility to respond to economic changes was identified as a top challenge for leaders over the next 12 months, along with the ability to capitalise on opportunities within emerging markets, the report said.
“Today, the capacity to meet challenges requires an unusual set of leadership skills and it is these traits that set the Best Companies for Leadership apart from the rest,” Hay Group India Country Head Sridhar Ganesan said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Salem-Mettur Dam passenger trains partially cancelledSalem-Mettur Dam passenger trains partially cancelled
Our Bureau
Tweet
Coimbatore, Nov 6:  
The Salem Division of Southern Railways has notified the cancellation of passenger trains between Mettur Dam and Salem and vice versa as track maintenance work is underway in that sector.
"Due to major track maintenance works, train numbers 56100/56101 plying between Erode-Mettur Dam-Erode stands partially cancelled between Salem and Mettur Dam, and train numbers 56103/56102 between Salem-Mettur Dam-Salem fully cancelled from today till December 21," a release from the office of Salem Division of Southern Railways said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Wm Morrison sees progress amid sales fallLast updated: November 6, 2014 9:19 am
Wm Morrison sees progress despite sales drop
Andrea Felsted, Senior Retail Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a91f87c-6586-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

From dowry to disposablesshutterstock.com/pgvector
The Diwali deals ensured consumers bought stuff simply because they could, not because they needed it
The Indian consumer has always been extremely value-conscious. When I started my career in 1984, I was posted in Kanpur, an extremely price-sensitive market in Uttar Pradesh. I was marketing Onida televisions, then among the most expensive televisions available in the market. However, just 8-9 months after launch the brand had become the most sought after TV set in the Kanpur market, particularly during marriages. Most dowry lists had Hero Motorcycles and Onida TVs on the top of the list.
Now, three decades later, the Indian consumer has perhaps moved to the opposite pole. There is a lot of irrelevant buying that we saw from consumers during this Diwali. Probably driven by great deals on offer, one heard of consumers who had no plan to shop for a single mobile phone ending up with as many as six phones – because they got them at a great price. There was another set of consumers who replaced their television sets, microwaves and mixers instead of looking at buying newer categories of durables.
The difference between the past and now is that earlier even price-sensitive consumers bought expensive durables so that they could last for a lifetime. Now they want to buy even 50-inch TVs at the cheapest price possible. That’s because they want to get rid of it over the next three years as technological changes are happening faster. Another reason is that customer service in India is very bad. So no customer wants to be trapped with a durable that is ageing.
The other trend that is taking place is that exclusivity is gone. Now even designer wear is available through the online marketplace in sites such as Snapdeal. Of course, consumers will lap it up.
However, online retailers who are addicted to the lowest price game must realise that it’s like drug abuse. You cannot sustain the high forever and it will destroy the systems internally. Even investors must realise that it will result in value destruction over a period of time. A case in point is the tablet computing business. The industry has suffered damage because of the price perception game and is unable to come out of it. The low-price-everyday cannot be sustained and manufacturers and brand owners will suffer irreparable damage in the long run.
As told to Prasad Sangameshwaran
(Rajeev Karwal is Founder and CEO, Milagrow Robots)
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

They shopped with great gustoThey shopped with great gusto
Saurabh Bhatia
Tweet
What’s more, retailers were able to cater to the rush with valuable inputs from mystery shoppers
Skyrocketing sales figures, innumerable discount offers, long queues in malls, slew of new launches, e-commerce websites crashing due to excessive customer traffic and what not, Diwali 2014 saw them all.
What’s the big deal? What was different this year that has created the media buzz?
Everyone had high expectations from the advertising slots screaming out messages weeks in advance. So, did the festival season benefit the customers or the brands? The real retail space saw a paradigm shift towards virtual retail (or e-tail) buying, and the major chunk of online Diwali sales was that of electronics.
For these e-commerce sales, the figures of actual deliveries (and therefore, sales closures) would be imperative to study and gauge consumer sentiments accurately and the extent of the paradigm shift (online). For other retail segments such as apparel, home durables and jewellery, consumers still preferred queuing up at their favourite retail stores. The consumer’s behaviour inside the stores was more confident and people shopped with great gusto, despite the d-day being towards the end of month where the spend thrust is usually low. People dipped into their savings to buy more. Part of this confidence can be attributed to the recent strengthening of faith in the newly-elected Government.
Besides focusing on sales, and therefore revenue, brands also increased their emphasis on customer service and remained vigilant against malpractices by deploying mystery shoppers who mingled with the crowd and provided almost immediate feedback, thereby enabling the companies to stay in control of their entire retail space. These mystery shoppers not only helped the companies govern better but also kept the retailers on their toes to adhere to the pricing and customer service standards. So, if you experienced great customer service, despite a large crowd, you can attribute part of it to the mystery shoppers who were busy working while you enjoyed shopping. Overall, the market space saw changes for the better, both for the consumers and the brands.
What was your experience?
(Saurabh Bhatia is the Founding Partner at LeCapri Market Research LLP and author of “Mystery Shopping (Mock It & Fill Your Pocket)”
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Sagar Mahabaleshwarkars Creative ShowcaseWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

iPhone statue in Russia dismantled after Apple CEO comes outMamata Banerjee hits back at Sushma Swaraj, says constitution is 'Holy Book' in democracy
A two-metre statue of an iPhone on a university campus in St Petersburg has been taken down in response to last week’s announcement by the CEO of Apple that he is gay.
In a statement, ZEFS, which according to its website owns construction, advertising, and finance enterprises in St. Petersburg, describes Tim Cook’s revelation “a public call to sodomy.”
ZEFS said today it was taking down the statue because it violated Russia’s controversial law protecting minors from homosexual propaganda.
The law has been condemned by critics as a means of repressing sexual minorities in the country.
Apple declined to comment on the removal of the statue, which featured former CEO Steve Jobs.
TAGS: Apple Inc Apple IPhone Statute Tim Cook Tim Cook Gay
More from miscellaneous
Sushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture Pushing for declaring Bhagwad Gita as a national scripture, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj today said only a formal announcement...

Will the Modi wave work in J&KUpdated: November 5, 2014 02:16 IST
Will the Modi wave work in J&K?
Sanjay Kumar
The Hindu The displacement caused by the natural disaster could affect turnout in the valley.
TOPICS
election
The big question is if the BJP will come anywhere close to the majority mark
If there is any party which can hope to make electoral gains from holding Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir at this moment, it is, undoubtedly, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). It seeks to ride on what it claims is a ‘Modi wave’ and is hoping to at least emerge as the single largest party in the State. Due to the breaking of the Congress-National Conference (NC) alliance, many constituencies are likely to witness a multi-cornered contest with the two national parties and the primary regional parties — People’s Democratic Party (PDP) and NC — in the fray.
Read: Five-phase polls in J&K
Needless to say, the competition would become tight with the presence of many other minor players like the Panthers Party. No wonder the BJP has already announced its decision to contest the elections without any ally on all 87 Assembly seats. It is the only party which seems to be happy with the sudden announcement of dates for the Assembly elections, just a few days after Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent trip.
Only a few months ago, Kashmir had suffered major devastation due to massive floods and questions were being raised if it would be appropriate to hold elections in such a situation. The displacement caused by the natural disaster could affect turnout in the valley and it could drop below the lowly figure of 31.2 per cent recorded in the region in the 2014 general elections.
Memories of the massive floods
The ruling party in the State, National Conference, had expressed its displeasure over the Election Commission (EC)’s decision to conduct elections in Kashmir as per schedule. With memories of the floods still fresh in the minds of the people, the BJP is likely to highlight the relief operations and aid provided by the Centre to woo voters. Alongside, Mr. Modi would continue to use the slogan used in Haryana and Maharashtra, which had called for the same party both at the State and in the Centre. The nature of the electoral contest is going to be very different in the three regions of the State.
The prospects of the BJP depend heavily on its performance in the Jammu region (where Hindus are present in large numbers), which accounts for 37 Assembly seats.
In the general elections, the party had led in 24 seats in the region and had polled almost half the votes (48.2 per cent) while its nearest rivals — the Congress and NC — together managed to lead in only 11 seats with a combined vote share of 34.4 per cent. The PDP’s performance here was below par with a vote share of less than 10 per cent. The BJP needs to sweep the region if it wants to emerge at least as a kingmaker.
In the valley region (mainly Srinagar), which comprises 46 Assembly segments, the contest is primarily among the NC, the PDP and the Congress. Here, the BJP is not even a marginal player as reflected in its performance in the general elections. The party had been able to gather slightly more than one per cent of the votes and did not lead in any Assembly segment.
Considering how weak the BJP is in the region, the PDP seems to be the likely beneficiary of the NC-INC split and State-level anti incumbency. The PDP had performed exceedingly well here in the general elections with a vote share of 46.3 per cent and had led in 39 segments.
Still, the BJP is hoping to spring surprises in some seats with support from migrant Kashmiri Pandits who are likely to vote for it in big numbers. As seats in the valley are decided by small margins, a low turnout of residents and enthusiastic postal votes from Kashmiri Pandits may swing some seats in BJP’s favour. Its ‘Mission 44’ would not be successful if it doesn’t manage to win at least some seats in the valley.
The smallest region of the State, Ladakh, has seen good performance by independent candidates in the past. The BJP managed to win the Lok Sabha constituency by a narrow margin of only 36 votes and led in only one out of the four Assembly segments. Recent incursions by the Chinese army in the region could be an important electoral issue.
Unlike Maharashtra, Haryana and Jharkhand, the BJP is definitely not a frontrunner to emerge victorious with a majority of its own in Kashmir. But one can safely predict that it would improve upon its 2008 tally of 11 seats and could become a kingmaker.
The BJP should hope that the National Conference doesn’t collapse completely and that there is a fragmentation of seats in the valley. This could allow the BJP to play a role in government formation in a State which was considered well beyond its reach till May 2014. The two regional parties seem to be playing safely considering the possibility of falling short of the halfway mark. One cannot rule out a post-poll alliance between the BJP and the largest regional party.
The Congress seems set to fall well below its earlier performances and in all likelihood it would finish fourth.
Multi-polar scenario expected
Overall, in the absence of pre-poll alliances and in the presence of multiple players, Kashmir, like Maharashtra, seems to be heading toward its first election with an Uttar Pradesh-like multi-polarity. In such a scenario, it would be difficult to say which party gets a majority, as seats would depend largely upon the concentration of votes. But even in such scenario, the BJP seems to be the front-runner and may emerge as the single-largest party, as its votes are likely to be concentrated in Jammu and Ladakh regions. The big question remains: will it come anywhere close to the majority mark?
(Sanjay Kumar is Director, Centre for the Study of Developing Societies; Pranav Gupta is researcher at Lokniti, a Research Program of CSDS.)

How Chicago s Sam Yagan swiped left on Tinder CEOHow Chicago's Sam Yagan swiped left on Tinder CEO
Caption Sam Yagan
Keri Wiginton / Blue Sky / Oct. 30, 2014
Chicago's Sam Yagan, CEO of Match Group, is pictured in Chicago last month.
Chicago's Sam Yagan, CEO of Match Group, is pictured in Chicago last month. (Keri Wiginton / Blue Sky / Oct. 30, 2014)
Steve Jennings/ Getty Images
Tinder co-founder Sean Rad speaks onstage at TechCrunch Disrupt in San Francisco.
Tinder co-founder Sean Rad speaks onstage at TechCrunch Disrupt in San Francisco. (Steve Jennings/ Getty Images)
By Amina Elahi , Blue Sky Reporter contact the reporter
Chicagoan Sam Yagan, CEO of The Match Group, is near the epicenter of the drama surrounding Sean Rad, co-founder of the popular dating app Tinder, who was forced out as CEO in October, Forbes reports . When majority owner IAC finds a new CEO, Rad will move into the role of president and retain a seat on Tinder’s board.
0
Yagan, who is the co-founder of TechStars Chicago and received the Visionary Award at last week’s Chicago Innovation Awards , informed Rad that he was out as CEO but that IAC wanted him to stay on to focus on product. Yagan delivered the news by phone, hours before Rad took the stage at Forbes’ 30 Under 30 Summit.
The Match Group is a division of IAC, which owns 60 percent of Tinder because the company was started at an incubator it owned. Rad has a 10 percent stake.
“We recruited Sean because he is a great product person, and while here working for us he came up with Tinder. We’ve given him the resources to pursue it. He created a ton of value for us, and he’s going to make a ton of money,” Yagan told Forbes. Analysts say Tinder is worth between $1 and $1.5 billion, according to Forbes.
Rad’s ouster followed a sexual harassment suit against the company from an early employee in which he was named. Tinder co-founder and CMO Justin Mateen was suspended and ultimately left the company earlier this year. IAC said that case was settled in September.

Indian Overseas Bank stock falls on S&P downgradeIndian Overseas Bank stock falls on S&P downgrade
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 15:48 IST
The Indian Overseas Bank stock fell on Wednesday after credit ratings agency S&P lowered the credit rating bank to BB+, indicating speculative grade following deterioration in the lender's asset quality.
The stock closed 3.24 per cent lower at Rs 58.15 on the BSE.
The Sensex closed at 27,915 points, up 0.20 per cent.
"We downgraded IOB following a recent deterioration in the bank's asset quality and we expect that it will remain weak over the next 12 months," S&P said in a statement.
"We revised our assessment of the bank's risk position to weak from moderate, as our criteria define those terms. Accordingly, we lowered the bank's stand-alone credit profile (SACP) to 'bb' from bb+," it said.
The bank's exposure to high-risk sectors, such as iron and steel and textiles, is also greater than that of its peers'.
-With PTI inputs

Former MLB Pitcher Sells His Seattle Homeformer mlb pitcher sells his seattle home
Investors eye opportunities as Republican Party take U.S.SenateMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
The Republican takeover of the U.S. Senate on Tuesday could lead to new legislative measures that directly effect the energy sector and other slices of the equities market.
Republican Senate candidates picked up formerly Democratic seats in Iowa, North Carolina, Montana, Colorado, West Virginia, South Dakota and Arkansas, more than the six gains needed for a majority in that chamber.
With Republican control of both houses of Congress and a Democrat in the White House, political analysts expect more of the gridlock that has characterized most of the six years of President Barack Obama’s tenure.
“There aren’t too many surprises here, and I don’t think markets will react negatively, or positively on this,” said Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin.
Investors with a stake in the energy sector, the sole industry group in the S&P 500 with negative year-to-date returns, hope Republican control of the Senate will speed up approval of oil and gas pipelines, reform crude and natural gas export laws, and motivate the Obama administration to include those energy exports in new, or broader, trade agreements.
Many voters are giddy about gasoline prices under $3 a gallon, but still no party wants to be in charge of lifting a ban that could result in gasoline prices rising again. So politicians have room to maneuver around the issue, opening the possibility for a spike in volatility in that sector.
It is also possible that an emboldened Republican Party will attempt to force budget cuts and consider another battle over the debt ceiling in 2015, which could sap market confidence. Equity markets have been damaged in the recent past by such battles – most notably in 2011, when a budget fight led to the first-ever downgrade of the U.S. credit rating.
“Republicans who want to make a run for control of the Executive branch in 2016 will likely strike a tone of compromise,” said Jacobsen, but “those on the fringe will likely look to turn the showdown into a shutdown.”
S&P E-mini futures were up 4.75 points, or 0.2 percent, late on Tuesday.
Other issues that may also find traction under Republicans include a potential repeal of the medical-device tax that is part of the Affordable Care Act, which could be a positive for the healthcare technology sector. Republicans could also try to  slow adoption of online gaming, which could boost casino stocks.
History shows a bullish bias in stocks after midterm elections. Since 1928, the S&P 500 has posted a median return of 7 percent in the 90 days after a midterm, with returns positive 86 percent of the time, according to Barclays.
TAGS: Republican Senate Candidates U.S Legislative Measures U.S. Senate
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

IPCA Lab stock slumps 16 per centShares of IPCA Laboratories slumped nearly 16 per cent to hit its 52-week low in early trade amid reports of stock downgrade.
The company’s stock tumbled 14.91 per cent to Rs 635 – its 52-week low on the BSE.
On the NSE, it tanked 15.66 per cent to hit its one-year low of Rs 630.
As per media reports, Credit Suisse has downgraded the stock to “underperform” from “neutral”, citing negative USFDA observations.
The US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) has issued Form-483 for the company’s Indore SEZ, reports said.
“It has been reported, that there are 6 observations on Indore SEZ in Form 483 out of which 2 are critical observations,” said Sarabjit Kour Nangra, VP Research – Pharma, Angel Broking.
“The stock has declined significantly after the news,” she said.
Earlier in July, 2014, the USFDA had released Form 483 for its Ratlam active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) facility, which listed six serious deviations from current good manufacturing practices (cGMP) on quality and training, Nangra added.
The company’s stock reportedly downgraded post critical 483 observations.
TAGS: Ipca Ipca Laboratories Ipca Laboratories Share Price
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Price tag of Erdogans new palace revealed: $600m© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7fc8389e-6441-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

From Icahn to I can social trading takes offFrom Icahn to ‘I can’ social trading takes off
Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5032a046-63d9-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI prescribes measures for banks to prevent cheque fraudsRBI prescribes measures for banks to prevent cheque frauds
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
In view of the rise in the number of cheque related fraud cases, the Reserve Bank of India has asked banks to put in place preventive measures including sending an SMS alert to payer/drawer when cheques are received in clearing.
Further, to prevent cases of suspicious or large value cheques (in relation to an account’s normal level of operations), the central bank has advised banks to alert customers by a phone call and get the confirmation from the payer/drawer.
The RBI has told banks to ensure the use of 100 per cent CTS (cheque truncation system) - 2010 compliant cheques.
Under the CTS environment, electronic image of the cheque is transmitted to the drawee branch through the clearing house, along with relevant information such as data on the MICR (magnetic ink character recognition) band, date of presentation, and presenting bank. Cheque truncation obviates the need to move the physical instruments across branches
According to a RBI notification on preventive measures for cheque related fraud cases, banks are required to strengthen the infrastructure at the cheque handling Service Branches and bestow special attention on the quality of equipment and personnel posted for CTS based clearing, so that it is not merely a mechanical process.
Banks have to ensure that the beneficiary is KYC (know-your-customer) compliant so that the bank has recourse to him/her as long as he/she remains a customer of the bank.
The RBI said banks should put in place a mechanism whereby all cheques beyond a threshold of say, Rs 2 lakh are examined under UV lamp. Checking should be done at multiple levels, of cheques above a threshold of say, Rs. 5 lakh.
The threshold limits mentioned above can be reduced or increased at a later stage with the approval of the Board depending on the volume of cheques handled by the bank or its risk appetite.
Banks are required to closely monitor credits and debits in newly opened transaction accounts based on risk categorization.
In its notification, the RBI said “the rise in the number of cheque related fraud cases is a matter of serious concern. It is evident that many of such frauds could have been avoided had due diligence been observed at the time of handling and/or processing the cheques and monitoring newly opened accounts.”
Therefore, banks have been advised to review and strengthen the controls in the cheque presenting/passing and account monitoring processes and to ensure that all procedural guidelines including preventive measures are followed meticulously by the dealing staff/officials.
Referring to some cases where even though the original cheques were in the custody of the customer, cheques with the same series had been presented and encashed by fraudsters, the RBI said banks should take appropriate precautionary measures.
The precautionary measures have to ensure that the confidential information -- customer name/account number/signature, cheque serial numbers and other related information are neither compromised nor misused either from the bank or from the vendors’ (printers, couriers etc.) side.
The RBI also said due care and secure handling is also to be exercised in the movement of cheques from the time they are tendered over the counters or dropped in the collection boxes by customers.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Telangana government presents over Rs 1 lakh crore maiden budgetClimate degegates generating 29,000 tonnes of CO2: Group
The CM K Chandrashekar Rao led Telangana government presented its maiden budget with an outlay of over Rs 1 lakh crore in the Assembly today.
Etela Rajender, Finance Minister of Telangana state formed on June 2 this year, said in his budget speech that for the ten months of the financial year 2014-15, the Government proposes total expenditure of Rs 1,00,637.96 crore, of which the non-plan expenditure is estimated at Rs 51,989.49 crore and plan expenditure at Rs 48,648.47 crore.
“The estimated revenue surplus of the state is Rs 301.02 crore. The marginal revenue surplus is entirely on account of additional resource mobilisation proposed in the budget,” Rajender said during his address to the Assembly.
The fiscal deficit is estimated at Rs 17,398.72 crore. As a percentage of GSDP (gross state domestic product), the estimated fiscal deficit is 4.79 per cent, the minister said.
A total provision of Rs 6,500 crore is proposed for irrigation and command area development sector, while Rs 2,000 crore was allotted in the current year to establish a State Drinking Water Grid to provide protected and piped drinking water to every household in the state through a network of pipelines. The total project is estimated to cost the exchequer around Rs 25,000 crore.
The energy department was allotted Rs 3,241.90 crore under the non-plan expenditure, which includes a provision of Rs 3,000 crore towards power subsidy.
Rajender said as a token of gratitude, each of the 459 families of the martyrs (of Telangana) would be given a financial assistance of Rs 10 lakh and Rs 100 crore is proposed in the budget for this purpose.
“The growth of the state economy witnessed a sharp fall from an average of 10.5 per cent during the period 2005-10 to 4.5 per cent in 2012-13 owing to marked deceleration in the growth of industrial sector. Reversal of this trend requires massive infusion of investment funds into agriculture, industry and infrastructure sectors,” he said in his speech.
The major contributors to the GSDP are the services and the industry sectors contributing about 58 and 28 per cent, respectively.
The lack of momentum in the growth of industry sector is a matter of grave concern for the new state. The agriculture sector though contributes only 14 per cent to the GSDP, it supports nearly 50 per cent of the state’s population either directly or indirectly, he explained.
The minister said though the per capita income of the state is put at Rs 93,151 in 2013-14, there are wide variations across districts.
TAGS: Etela Rajender Telangana Government Telangana Government Budget
More from economy

Flipkart Appoints Sanjay Baweja as CFOYou are here: Home Corporates
Flipkart Appoints Sanjay Baweja as CFO
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 05, 2014 20:58 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Bengaluru: Homegrown e-retailer Flipkart on Wednesday announced appointment of Sanjay Baweja as its chief financial officer (CFO).
Mr Baweja, who in his earlier role was global CFO for Tata Communications, brings with him over three decades of experience, having worked with large names like Bharti Airtel, Emaar MGF and Xerox ModiCorp, Flipkart said in a release.
In his current position, he will be part of the leadership team at Flipkart, contributing to the overall organisational development along with defining the strategic roadmap for profitable revenue growth for India's largest marketplace, it said.
"Sanjay brings with him a rich experience of running financial set-ups across large and diverse organisations. His impressive background of successfully structuring the financial strategy of market leaders is going to be invaluable as we enter a pivotal point in our growth story," Flipkart co-founder and CEO Sachin Bansal said.
In a career spanning close to thirty years, Mr Baweja has gained expertise in areas of corporate finance and budget control, controllership, acquisitions, financial analysis, strategic business planning, tax planning and risk management, Flipkart said.
He has a Bachelor's Degree in Commerce and is a Chartered Accountant and Cost and Works Accountant, the release added.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 20:16 (IST)

Stocks rise on Republican win  jobs dataStocks rise on Republican win and jobs data
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4c11ef0-649a-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

All I want for Christmas is a wearable deviceAll I want for Christmas is a wearable device
Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f3cd848e-6508-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Immigration row will hurt Tory legacyImmigration row will hurt Tory legacy
Chris Giles
Cameron is writing an unhappy ending for his story of economic success
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1a4cba94-6432-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rakuten: the first shall be the last© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/7dc38338-64cc-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SIT blames it on lax regulationsNEW DELHI, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 00:46 IST
SIT blames it on lax regulations
Devesh K. Pandey
corruption & bribery
Recommends an integrated system of investigations into black money
The Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money has said the root cause of the steep rise in illegal financial outflows over the past decade is greater openness in a liberalised environment devoid of effective regulatory agencies.
Taking cognisance of the Global Financial Integrity report released in December 2013, which pegged the estimated illegal financial outflow from India at $343,922 million from 2002 to 2011, the SIT has noted that the report ranked India fifth among the 142 countries with regard to “illicit financial flows.” The maximum outflow was detected for 2011, estimated at $84,933 million.
Recommending an integrated system of investigations into black money, the SIT asked for an investigation unit for itself to monitor and investigate specific cases having larger implications. It is closely monitoring the Central Bureau of Investigation’s probe into nine cases, including the NAFED, STC export-import, fake Chinese suppliers, over-invoicing of imported machinery and the Ketan Parekh scam cases, in which Rs. 4,100 crore was remitted to many Mauritius-based companies and diverted further to Switzerland and the United Kingdom and Rs. 877 crore routed back to India.
The case pertaining to alleged fraudulent allotment of 1.7 crore shares by DSQ Software, the cases of cheating investors allegedly by Pearl Infrastructure Private Ltd., cases of alleged corruption in defence deals and the one regarding procurement of armoured recovery vehicles in which $2.3 million was allegedly paid as commission, are also being monitored.
Enforcement
Based on the findings, the SIT has recommended to the government stricter enforcement of tax laws and expediting pending prosecutions.
Government records revealed that over 8,000 prosecution cases pertaining to direct tax laws had been pending for the past several years. Nearly 5,000 other cases had been pending before lower courts for over a decade in Mumbai alone. The SIT is of the view that such delays have adversely impacted the deterrent effect. It has recommended setting up of additional courts of competent jurisdiction for clearing pending cases.
It is learnt that the SIT has come across several cases of protracted court proceedings, including the one of alleged fraud to the tune of Rs. 660 crore. The case has seen over 100 adjournments in the past three years.
The Supreme Court has directed the SIT to file its status report by November 30.
The court has asked them to complete investigations into income tax violations by March 15.

Cholamandalam to support tech start-upsUpdated: November 6, 2014 00:34 IST
Cholamandalam to support tech start-ups
Sanjay Vijayakumar
Tweet
Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company, the financial services arm of the Murugappa group, is looking to support start-ups that can provide technology to its business.
“We, at Chola, shall keep looking for innovations in technology that can help us in our business, and we shall also support start-ups that can provide technology that is relevant and useful to us,” Vellayan Subbiah, Managing Director of Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Ltd., said.
The firm is open to funding or incubation of start-ups on a case-by-case basis.
“This depends on the organisation in question and its needs,” said Mr. Subbiah. “While some ogranisations may need funding or capital, others may need help with domain knowledge and incubation.”
The company would be interested in a mutually beneficial partnership, where it benefited from the technology, Mr. Subbiah said.

Empee group goes into consolidation phaseUpdated: November 6, 2014 00:31 IST
Empee group goes into consolidation phase
N. Anand
business (general)
The Empee group has initiated a consolidation exercise following a bleak performance of Empee Sugars & Chemicals, Empee Distilleries and Empee Power and Infrastructure in the last two years.
While the Ambasamudram unit of Empee Sugars in Tamil Nadu was hit hard by non-availability of sugarcane, , power units in Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu suffered due to lower power tariff. The distilleries divisions in Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka were impacted due to no upward revision in selling prices for years.
Talking to The Hindu, Empee Distilleries Vice-Chairperson and Joint Managing Director Nisha Purushothaman said, “The company is facing financial stress. We have initiated the consolidation programme that will strengthen the IMFL business and increase our share. This exercise will go on for a year. Till then, we are not going to make any fresh investment or go in for expansion. ”
An investment of Rs.500 crore in the Ambasamudaram unit led to a cash crunch, she said. Till March 31, the company had borrowed Rs.468 crore. As the company was not able to produce sugar to realise turnover and generate cash flows, it could not service the debt, she added.
The drawbacks led to 100 per cent erosion of net worth and filing application with BIFR.
“We are not going to sell the sugar unit. . We are making constant effort to revive sugar production. We are working towards making all our businesses profitable and keep loans at manageable level. This will take at least a year,” she said.

Nobel-Winning Economist Backs RBI PolicyMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Mumbai: Nobel laureate economist Finn Kydland has supported Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan's strategy of fighting inflation through high interest rates and dismissed concerns of its impact on growth.
"If inflation has been over 8 per cent, then it is reasonable to cut it down to under that level and do his best to make that with a creditable policy," the Norwegian economist, who won the Nobel in 2004, told reporters.
Earlier on Wednesday evening, Mr Kydland delivered a lecture at the University of Mumbai here.
On the concerns about high rates stifling the growth, Mr Kydland, who is now a professor of economics at the University of California, indicated that it may not be the case.
"Presumably, Rajan would slow down some of the expansion of money in the economy and if it is well understood that that's his aim, it ought to have little effect on the behaviour of the real economy," he said.
Asked about his opinion on Mr Rajan, who taught at the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business before returning to the country as chief economic adviser in the finance ministry, Mr Kydland said, "He seems to me a good guy, isn't he?"
Since taking over as RBI Governor in September last year, Mr Rajan has raised interest rates thrice and continues to hold them at a higher level at 8 per cent, citing inflation.
In his speech, Mr Kydland observed that independence of the central bank is key to achieving the broader goals of policymaking, and interference by the executive is not desirable.
He also said there is a tendency among the policymakers to take away the independence of central banks and this was seen in the US too.
Mr Kydland also expressed concern that India continues to be a difficult destination for doing business. On India ranked 142nd by the World Bank on the ease of doing business list, he said, "That is very disturbing, there is no improvement."
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 21:22 (IST)

Unitech Group Firm Sells 6 Realty Projects for Rs 1 850 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Unitech Group Firm Sells 6 Realty Projects for Rs 1,850 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 01:51 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Unitech Corporate Parks (UCP), group firm of the London-listed Unitech, said on Wednesday that it has completed a deal to sell its stakes in six IT-Special Economic Zone (SEZ) projects in India to Canada's Brookfield Asset Management for 188.9 million pounds (about Rs 1,850 crore).
However, the total sale proceeds are lower than the amount agreed initially in June at Rs 2,050 crore.
In June, UCP had signed the agreement to sell its 60 per cent stake in the six projects to Brookfield for about 205.9 million pounds (Rs 2,050 crore). Separately, Unitech had also sold its 40 per cent stakes in 4 projects to Brookfield.
With completion of sale of UCP's stake in six projects and Unitech's 40 per cent stake in four projects, sources said that Unitech is likely to receive around Rs 1,500 crore from this entire deal and the fund would be used to retire debt.
Unitech's net debt stood at around Rs 5,900 crore at the end of June quarter.
UCP and Unitech were jointly developing five IT special economic zones (SEZs) and one IT Park in Gurgaon, Noida and Kolkata. In these six projects, UCP held 60 per cent stake and Unitech 40 per cent. That apart, Unitech had direct stake of about 13-14 per cent in UCP.
Recently, the board of approval (BoA) for SEZs has cleared the deal of UCP to sell its stake in the 5 SEZs in India to Brookfield Asset Management.
"The Board of UCP is pleased to announce completion today of the sale of the entire issued share capital of Candor, the Company's wholly owned subsidiary and holding company for all UCP's property interests," UCP said in a statement.
"The consideration received from Brookfield today amounted to 188.9 million pounds which reflects the announced sale price of 205.9 million pounds less an adjustment of 15.8 million pounds in relation to certain funds placed with two financial institutions which had not been repaid by completion and 1.2 million pounds in relation to payments made by Candor to or on behalf of UCP prior to completion," it added.
UCP said its board would write to shareholders in November to outline proposals for an initial cash distribution.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 23:35 (IST)

New Airlines May Be Allowed to Fly AbroadYou are here: Home Industries
Government May Allow New Airlines to Fly Abroad
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 05, 2014 23:51 (IST)
Government May Make PAN Must for Registering Charitable Trusts
New Delhi: New Indian airlines may be allowed to fly abroad after completing only one year of domestic service instead of five years, with the government considering amending the rules to enable them do so, official sources said on Wednesday.
The Civil Aviation Ministry is examining a proposal to either completely scrap the rule that allows an Indian carrier to operate international flights only after it has flown domestic for five years and has a 20-aircraft fleet, or change the rules to one year of domestic flying and having a five-plane fleet, they said.
However, such a change or scrapping the rule, popularly called 5/20, would have to be decided upon by the Union Cabinet, they said, without elaborating as to by when this was likely to happen.
A change in the rules would have an immediate impact on carriers like AirAsia India, Air Costa or the proposed Tata-Singapore Airlines joint venture Vistara.
The older carriers have been consistently opposing any change in the 5/20 rule.
In September, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju Pusapathi had met CEOs of all Indian airlines, where four of them - Air India, Jet Airways, IndiGo and SpiceJet - had sought retention of the 5/20 rule.
But Mr Raju had then said, "I don't see a reason why the 5/20 rule should be there. The government cannot keep everyone happy. We will take a call on 5/20 soon."
While the rule came into existence during the UPA-I government headed by Manmohan Singh, the UPA-II had initiated the process of junking it but could not finish the task.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 23:50 (IST)

Democrats fail to get out the voteDemocrats fail to get out the vote
Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ebb0aa5c-651b-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MPS to seek up to 2.5bn in rights issueMonte dei Paschi to seek up to €2.5bn in rights issue
Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7dfcf2dc-6533-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Republicans push for pro-business reform© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/234e6ccc-6514-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Manmohan Singh receives Japan s top national awardFormer PM Manmohan Singh receives Japan's top national award
Yahoo India –  Wed 5 Nov, 2014
Print
Tokyo: Former Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday was awarded "Grand Cordon of the Order of the Paulownia Flowers", one of Japan's highest awards from Japanese Emperor Akihito, as part of a bi-annual decoration ceremony.
He received the highest possible award in the Orders of the Rising Sun for his significant contribution to the enhancement of relations and promotion of friendship between Japan and India for about 35 years.
A Japanese Embassy statement in Delhi called the award a "high level National Order" and a rare honour awarded to those who are recognised for their distinguished contribution, adding "Manmohan Singh is the first Indian recipient of this Order."
It was first awarded in 1888 and is only topped by the Supreme Orders of the Chrysanthemum.
More than 4,000 people received an award during this session for their contributions to cultural development or the public good.
Recommend

http://usat.ly/1x7WOSXApple Pay just got major competition
By: Matt Krantz November 5, 2014 12:10 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Softcard
The battle for smartphone payments isn’t just between Apple (AAPL) and the merchants. The carriers aren’t about to hand the opportunity to Apple, either.
Softcard, a joint venture between AT&T (T) , T-Mobile (TMUS) and Verizon (VZ) , just launched a free app for Windows Phone in addition to its Android app that allows consumers to pay for goods by simply tapping their phones on the wireless pad available at many retailers.
What makes this payment solution different from Apple Pay and Google Wallet — is that Softcard works on not just one type of device, but on both Windows and Android. Additionally, unlike Apple Pay which requires the purchase of an iPhone 6, which retails for more than $600, Softcard users can use their existing phones in many cases.
Consumers just need to get a special encrypted “Enhanced” SIM card, available for free from AT&T . Verizon and T-Mobile are expected to also soon offer these cards to their users.
Softcard offers a similar shopping experience as Apple Pay. Users use the Softcard app to input their credit card data on the smartphone. At the point of purchase, the users tap their Windows Phone or compatible Android device onto the wireless pay pad available at an increasing number of retailers.
Wireless payment systems have been tried for years with little success. Windows Phones and Android devices have long supported NFC, the technology that Apple adopted in its iPhone 6. Most modern credit cards, too, allow consumers to pay by tapping the wireless pads.
But Apple’s marketing blitz over Apple Pay has made consumers consider the technology they might have thought was too complicated before. Apple Pay is the “game changer” that is pushing ahead the movement to wireless payments, according to a Morningstar Technology Observer report issued to clients Wednesday.
But Apple’s small global market share limits its volume of wireless payment transactions, Morningstar says. It’s currently seen as a way to convince more people to buy iPhones, a strategy that might be effective, Morningstar says. Shares of Apple are on a tear this year, up more than 30%, as the company sells tens of millions of iPhone 6s. Shares Wednesday are trading up 26 cents to $108.87 — as investors wonder if it’s the first risk-free stock .
But the mobile pay change is bigger. Apple Pay is lighting a fire under competitors. Softcard is the latest example, but Morningstar also says eBay’s PayPal unit is in a good position to add new offerings for mobile payment after Apple Pay marketing increases awareness.

Fixed or floating interest rate: Which one s better nowView Gallery
Tips to find a low cost budget home
“To be or not to be, that is the question” said Shakespeare in his play Hamlet. The same could very well be considered true when it comes to selecting home loan interest rates. Ravi and his wife Sejal, a working couple from Ahmedabad had shortlisted their dream home. The couple approached a bank for a housing loan request. Since both Ravi and Sejal had a good CIBIL score and other eligibility conditions, the bank approved their home loan and offered them a fixed rate of interest for ten years as a special scheme. Since home loan is usually a long term commitment, choosing between fixed and floating interest rates is usually a tough decision for most applicants. Is it wise now to opt for a fixed rate of interest for your home loan?
Let us look at various aspects of housing loan interest rates in the current market scenario and see if it is really worth finalizing the loan with a fixed rate today or opt for floating interest rates.
Fixed Vs Floating the Eternal Dilemma:
Every home loan aspirant has always been confused between choosing the right interest rate option for his or her loan. Banks and non banking financial companies offer both fixed and floating interest rates. Since interest rates are the most important aspect of any loan, getting it right is the key to be repay without any financial stress or default over time.
Both fixed and floating interest rates have their benefits and disadvantages and the final selection must be done as per the convenience of the borrower. Fixed rate of interest on a loan would mean that the equated monthly installments or EMIs would remain constant over the tenure of the loan. On the other hand for floating interest rates, the EMIs would fluctuate as per the market dynamics as interest rate increases or decreases.
Advantages and Disadvantages of Fixed Interest Rates:
Since home loans come with a longer tenure compared to most other loans, a fixed interest rate brings a sense of clarity when it comes to loan repayment. People with fixed budgets can get a clear idea of their EMI obligations if they opt for a fixed interest rate loan.
The biggest disadvantage of such a setting is that the fixed interest rate loans are anywhere between 1 to 2.5% higher than floating interest rate depending on the bank or NBFC. Usually most banks offer fixed interest rates for limited years and not the full tenure, making the user susceptible to floating market rates once the fixed rate tenure period is over. So read your loan agreement carefully before you proceed
Advantages and Disadvantages of Floating Interest Rates:
Floating interest rate fluctuates with market economics and interest rates are linked to a base rate and a floating component. The base rates are decided by the bank or NBFC concerned as per the quarterly base rate announcements of the Reserve Bank of India. Floating interest rates are usually lower than fixed interest rates although parameters like inflation and current account deficit are used in calculation of base rate by RBI which can mean an uncertainty and different EMI for each repayment or installment for the loan.
Current Market Scenario:  
Fixed rate loans have become popular in recent times. A lot of public sector and private banks are now attracting home loan applicants using fixed interest rate schemes.
ICICI Bank, the country’s largest private bank has come with a scheme offering home loans up to 10 years at a fixed rate of up to 10.25%. Citibank offers a fixed rate of 10.1% till September 2015, while PNB Housing also offers fixed-rate home loans at up to 10.75% to salaried borrowers.
Experts believe that since interest rates are likely to fall sooner than later as the economy gets into a higher growth plan, opting for a fixed interest rate at this juncture may not be a good idea. Fixed rate interest rates are a good idea for people taking a home loan for a short tenure of five to seven years. For long term loans opting for a floating interest rate is recommended at this juncture.
Time Bound Fixed Rates:
Most banks and NBFCs offering fixed rate of interest are offering time bound plans. ICICI Bank for example is offering a fixed interest rate of 10.25 % for 10 years only. After the first ten years, the loan automatically gets converted into floating interest rate scheme. If the interest rates fall during the initial ten years, the borrower is tied for the ten year period into paying a higher interest rate than those opting for a floating interest rate.
Rates offered by some leading banks:
 
Current Fixed Interest Home Loan Scheme
Floating Interest Rate for Home Loan
ICICI Bank
10.25 % for 10 years for amounts up to Rs 1.5 crore
10.15% up to Rs 75 lakh
HDFC Bank
10.25 % for only first 2 years
10.15%

Piyush Goyal: Power sector to see investment of $250 bn over the next four yearsClimate degegates generating 29,000 tonnes of CO2: Group
The minister for Power, coal and new and renewable energy, Piyush Goyal, on Thursday said that the sector will see an investment of $250 billion dollars over the next four years with $100 billion in renewable energy and around $50 billion in transmission.
Recollecting the state of power in the country, Goyal said that even after 67 years almost one fourth of the population does not have access to electricity and the new government will endeavour to provide electricity to all over the next five years.
“I am hopeful that in 2019 when we go for the next general elections we have provided power to all houses, offices and other establishments,” said Goyal while speaking at the India Economic Summit organized by WEF and CII. He said that almost 53 million houses in the country still need to be electrified.
He said the new government is hopeful that fuel supply issue will be addressed over the next few years and the government has taken steps in that direction. He said that coal production will be doubled to 1 billion tonnes by 2019 and the revised gas pricing will result in increased development and discovery.
Stating that the new government has raised the target for solar power generation by 2022 from 20,000 MW to 100,000 MW, he said that Nuclear energy too had potential but it even has some problems. “We want to be sure that we are not saddled with something that has been discarded by the West. We have to be clear on what we are getting,” said Goyal.
TAGS: India Economic Summit Piyush Goyal WEF Summit
More from economy

IIRB Infrastructure Q2 Net Rises 14%You are here: Home Corporates
IRB Infrastructure Q2 Net Rises 14 Per Cent to Rs 121.73 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 01:38 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Mumbai: IRB Infrastructure Developers on Wednesday reported a 14 per cent increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 121.73 crore for the quarter ended September 2014.
The company had registered a net profit of Rs 106.81 crore for the corresponding quarter a year ago.
Total income during the quarter, however, declined 6 per cent to Rs 911.96 crore from 967.42 crore a year ago, a company release said.
"The marginal decline in turnover is on the back of the revenue mix we have--toll and construction income. While the toll income has improved, the income from the construction segment has reduced. But as more projects start getting operational, our construction income will also increase," IRB Infrastructure chairman and managing director Virendra Mhaiskar said.
The board of directors of the company has approved an enabling special resolution for issue of securities for an amount not exceeding Rs 1,500 crore subject to shareholders' approval.
IRB's order book currently stands at around Rs 11,600 crore out of which Rs 9,650 crore worth orders are to be executed in the next three to four years, it said.
Shares in IRB Infra, on Wednesday, ended at Rs 254.70 apiece on the BSE, down 1.51 per cent per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 23:35 (IST)

No Shiv Sena minister before trust vote: FadnavisMamata Banerjee hits back at Sushma Swaraj, says constitution is 'Holy Book' in democracy
Shiv Sena representatives will not be inducted into Maharashtra’s BJP-led government before it wins the trust vote, Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said today, in comments that have not gone down well with Sena and highlighted continued differences between the two parties over power-sharing.
“Pehle vishwas phir vistar (first the trust vote and then expansion,” Fadnavis told reporters when asked if Shiv Sena ministers would be inducted before his government seeks a trust vote in the Assembly on November 12.
Fadnavis said talks about Sena’s participation in the government were on at an “appropriate level” and the announcement regarding it will be made in Delhi.
Party sources said Union Ministers Arun Jaitley and Dharmendra Pradhan were holding discussions with Sena interlocutors.
Fadnavis’ statement has peeved Sena with a party MP saying BJP was not interested in getting it on board with respect and that Shiv Sena would sit in the opposition if no “respectable solution” to end the uncertainty over its participation in the government was found by Saturday.
“After hearing Fadnavis, the feeling amongst us has only got stronger that they (BJP) are not really interested in getting us on board with respect. He being the CM can say what he wants to. But if they do not come up with a respectable solution by Saturday, we would have to sit in the opposition,” he told PTI, requesting anonymity.
He, however, said the final call will be taken by Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
Uddhav has, meanwhile, called a meeting of newly-elected Sena legislators and other leaders on Sunday to nominate the leader of the 63-member Shiv Sena Legislature Party. The new MLAs have authorised Uddhav to nominate their leader.
TAGS: Devendra Fadnavis Shiv Sena
More from miscellaneous
Sushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture Pushing for declaring Bhagwad Gita as a national scripture, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj today said only a formal announcement...

Union Bank cuts interest rate for medium companiesUnion Bank cuts interest rate for medium companies by up to 3.75 per cent
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 12:24 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Union Bank of India (UBI), the state-owned lender, on Wednesday reduced interest rates for medium enterprises in the range of 200-375 basis points.
"The revised interest rate for borrowers from investment-grade medium enterprises is in the range of 12.25-13.75 per cent," UBI said.
The new rates are effective from November 3.
The revision in interest rates will also give fillip to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign - which was launched in September and is aimed at making the country a global manufacturing hub - a statement released by the bank said.
The Mumbai-based PSU lender had reported a 78 per cent spike in its net at Rs 371 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014. The sharp increase in profit was on account of lower provisioning and a Rs 140 crore income tax write-back.
Provisions during the quarter stood at Rs 785.41 crore as against Rs 936.75 crore in the same period of the previous financial year, while domestic advances of Union Bank rose 9.4 per cent to Rs 2,26,011 crore from Rs 2,06,690 crore in the year-ago period.
Chairman and Managing Director Arun Tiwari has attributed the good set of numbers to loan growth in retail, agriculture and MSME sectors.

Brent Gains After US Crude Stocks Data  Trades Above $83You are here: Home Commodities
Brent Gains After US Crude Stocks Data, Trades Above $83
Reuters | Updated On: November 06, 2014 13:01 (IST)
Oil Price Drop Threatens $150 Billion in Investments
Singapore: Brent crude rose above $83 a barrel on Thursday, bouncing further from its lowest level since 2010 after a lower-than-expected rise in US crude stocks and solid US job growth provided relief after a string of negative Chinese data.
Tension in Libya, where gunmen seized the major El Sharara oilfield, and the recent low oil prices have attracted some investors back to the market, analysts said, although the US data was the bigger factor.
"It's a flow through from last night's stronger prices ... and the story just continued into the Asian session," said Ben Le Brun at OptionsXpress, adding that the situation in Libya would also have helped in the oil price push.
Brent rose 7 cents to $83.02 per barrel by 0621 GMT.
US crude rose 12 cents to $78.80 after data showing US crude inventories had edged up 460,000 barrels in the week to October 31 compared with analysts' expectations of an increase of 2.2 million barrels.
"The upward price movement likely came from US inventories not increasing as expected due to a drop in crude imports and also crude oil field production stagnated compared to last week," Phillip Futures said in a note.
But it added that the gains could be short-lived as fundamentals have not changed. December Brent and US oil could be pushed back down, it said, with support levels at $82 and $75.84 respectively.
The oil market received further support from news US private employers added 230,000 jobs in October, the highest total since June and exceeding economists' expectations, a report from a payrolls processor showed on Wednesday.
In Libya, at least 200,000 barrels per day (bpd) of oil production have been lost as the El Sharara oilfield has fallen to gunmen, sources said.
Separately, Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi met with Venezuelan Foreign Minister Rafael Ramirez on Wednesday at a climate change conference on Venezuela's Margarita Island.
Neither party offered any comments on oil markets afterwards.
In the late 1990s, Naimi had helped broker a deal with Venezuela and Mexico to curb production and revive prices that had fallen to nearly $10 a barrel.
But veteran oil analysts see no sign of a new coalition in the making.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Govt should make available more spectrum: Mi...Government should make available more spectrum: Bharti group Chairman Sunil Mittal
PTI Nov 6, 2014, 01.25PM IST
("I would say government…)
NEW DELHI: Bharti group Chairman Sunil Mittal today said the telecom industry wants more spectrum and the government should make it available.
"We want from the government more spectrum. Every country has the same amount of spectrum and it is not that India has less... It needs to be vacated from other places, that is what other countries have also done," Mittal said on the sidelines of the India Economic Summit here.
Telecom Regulatory Authority of India, on October 15, gave its recommendation on spectrum auction for premium 900 Mhz band and 1800 Mhz band that are presently being used for 2G GSM mobile services by Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications.
Government has proposed to put for auction about 184 Mhz of spectrum in 900 Mhz band which is held by these companies through their various licences expiring in 2015-16. The four telecom operators will have to buy spectrum afresh to continue their services.
"I would say government should make available enough spectrum so that there is a balance between spectrum pricing" he added.
On being asked if the spectrum auction -- scheduled for February 3 -- should be deferred, Mittal said: "Why should this be deferred. Industry wants more spectrum and the government should make it available to them."
On Bharti Airtel calling off the Rs 700-crore deal to acquire business and assets of Mumbai-based Loop Mobile, he said much is being read into this.
"Loop mobile is a small issue and I don't know why this is being made into such a big issue. Most of the Loop subscribers have ported to us. It was a small deal, which was basically an experiment for the first time to acquire customers.
"Its not about the merger but about the renewal of the agreement," Mittal said.
Airtel, in a filing to BSE, had said its proposed transaction related to Loop was conditional upon DoT approvals which had not been received till date.
DoT is yet to give clearance to the proposed deal as it estimates that Loop Mobile and its sister concern Loop Telecom owe about Rs 808 crore in spectrum and other charges to the government.
Private sector lender Axis Bank has also told the DoT that Rs 215-crore loan to Loop Mobile will be at risk if the deal of the Mumbai-based operator to sell its assets to Bharti Airtel is not approved.
Airtel had signed the deal with Loop in February this year to buy business and assets of Loop Mobile in Mumbai under a strategic agreement for about Rs 700 crore.
Under the agreement, Loop Mobile's 3 million subscribers (at that time) in Mumbai were supposed to join Airtel's over 4 million subscribers, which would have made it the largest network in the metropolitan city.Government should make available more spectrum: Bharti group Chairman Sunil Mittal
FEATURED ARTICLES

It s make-or-break phase for Japan s economi...(The sales tax increase has…)
By Jonathan Soble
TOKYO: Hiroyuki Hara has increased prices at his flower shop in recent months, part of a broad reversal of the deflation that has long plagued Japan's economy. Getting prices rising is a national goal, but Hara isn't sure the new landscape is any more vibrant.
"We used to get a lot of office workers in here, but now it's mostly just older people, the ones with savings," he says. Sales are down this year. He blames the shrinking buying power of his customers' paychecks.
Hara's own costs are mounting, too, as a precipitous decline in the value of Japan's currency has made imported flowers pricier. And although he is charging more, the extra money is going to the government, which controversially raised sales taxes in April. A further tax increase is planned for next year. "It has me worried," Hara says.
Japan's audacious campaign to reinvigorate its economy is entering a make-or-break phase.
After nearly two years of aggressive stimulus under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, joblessness has plunged, big companies like Toyota are earning record profits, and corrosive price declines have been replaced by something Japan has rarely seen in decades - inflation.
Yet the benefits of Abenomics, as the program is known, have been unevenly distributed. Many consumers and businesses simply don't feel better off.
The problem threatens to undermine support for the effort at a critical juncture. Economic output fell sharply in the second quarter, immediately after April's sales tax increase - evidence that consumer confidence remains fragile. Abe will soon have to decide whether to move forward with the next tax increase or table it.
"There is a spreading sense of disappointment with Abenomics," says Masazumi Wakatabe, an economics professor at Waseda University in Tokyo. The fact that prices are rising is not, by itself, a bad thing. Just the opposite: The government and most economists see it as preferable to the deflation that has dogged Japan since the late 1990s.
When prices fall, it encourages households and businesses to squirrel away cash, holding back growth. Deflation also makes it difficult for central banks to rally an economy by cutting interest rates, which in Japan have been stuck at zero for years.
Yet the public is showing clear signs of inflation fatigue. In a poll published Monday by the Tokyo Broadcasting System, a national television network, nine in 10 respondents said they had no "real feeling" that the government initiatives were improving living standards.
Instead of the balanced rise in prices and wages that Abe promised, pay has lagged, in effect making workers poorer. Adjusted for price changes, household incomes were down a full 6 percent in September compared with a year earlier.
Kathy M. Matsui, an analyst at Goldman Sachs, says sluggish wage growth is partly the flip side to Japan's protective employment practices. "The social contract is what? It's when times are tough, unlike in the West, we'll keep you on the payroll, although we'll slash your wages," she says. "But then when times get good, you don't get as much of what you might get elsewhere."
Rather than ease efforts to create inflation, the central bank has redoubled them. In an unexpected decision, the Bank of Japan said Friday it would expand its program of buying government bonds and other assets to the equivalent of more than $700 billion a year. The move, intended to stimulate borrowing and spending, spurred a rally in global stocks.
"We are at a critical point for escaping deflation," Haruhiko Kuroda, the central bank governor, said, adding that "half measures" would only bring back Japan's "deflationary mindset." Hinting at what could be more stimulus to come, he added that the Bank of Japan would do whatever it took to meet its official target of 2 percent "core" price increases, a measure that excludes the effect of taxes and other items.
  But the aggressive stimulus, which has pushed down the value of the yen, is only complicating matters. At the outset, the currency's retreat was universally embraced as a relief for Japan's many exporters. Now it is feeding concerns that imports are too expensive. The value of the yen is down more than 30 percent against the dollar since 2012. Exports were supposed to flourish in response, but the trade balance has instead been stuck in deficit.
It is not just the flowers in Hara's shop that are costlier, but also big-ticket items like oil and natural gas, consumption of which has soared since the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011. Nuclear power plants remain closed nationwide, and electricity bills have leapt by double digits as a consequence.
"If the yen weakens any further, it would be bad for Japan's economy as a whole," Genichi Tamatsuka, the president of Lawson, one of Japan's biggest convenience store chains, told reporters this week.

Lenovo Vibe X2 adds layers to the smartphone gamePrint
The latest launch from Lenovo is the Vibe X2, what the company calls a layered phone.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 2:00 pm | Updated: November 7, 2014 7:31 pm
Lenovo might be new to the smartphone game, but it is clearly nurturing dreams of changing the game. Over the past few months the company has had a slew of devices that have made it a significant player in the market, followed by the acquisition of Motorola which has pushed it up to the third slot among smartphone manufacturers in India. Now, the company is bringing it devices which will stand apart in the crowded Android market while trying to create a niche for itself.
The latest launch from Lenovo is the Vibe X2, what the company calls a layered phone. The layers are apparent in the design, which is made of three distinct layers in different colours. This slim layered design makes the device look young and vibrant, and that is the segment the phone is aimed for. But the layers don’t end there.
Lenovo will be selling extra battery and JBL speaker layers to be clipped on to the phone. The extra battery will make the phone thicker and heavier, but it also doubled the battery life from the original 2300 mAh.
The Lenovo Vibe X2 is priced at Rs 19,999 and will be available on Flipkart from November 10.
The phone also stands out for its processor, which is chipmaker MediaTek’s big entry into the top-end segment. Our initial experience with the phone suggests that MediaTek 6595m 2.0 GHz 4G LTE True8Core processor can give the big players a run for their money.
The phone also features the Vibe UI, which gives users a lot of customisation options. Interestingly, the OS gives users access to their most used apps on the lock screen itself. Plus you can click a photo in one tap, even when the phone is locked, so that you don’t miss out much.
Detailed specs
Processor: MediaTek 6595m 2.0 GHz 4G LTE True8Core
Operating System: Android 4.4 KitKat
Dimensions (WxTxH): 68.6mm x 7.27mm x 140.2mm
Weight: 120g
Battery: 2300 mAh (Li-polymer), embedded
Dual SIM
Rear camera: 13 MP auto-focus with LED flash
Front camera: 5 MP fixed-focus
System Memory: 2 GB RAM
Built-in Storage: 32 GB ROM
Connectivity/Radios
4G Network: LTE FDD Band 1/3/7, TDD B40 or LTE FDD Band 1/3/7/30
3G Network: 2100/900 Mhz or 2100/900/850 Mhz
2G Network: GSM 850/900/1800/1900 Mhz
Speed: HSPA+ 150 Mbps (DL) / 50 Mbps (UL)
WLAN: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n/ac, Wi-Fi hotspot. (For 5G Wi-Fi, Band 2 is not supported)
Bluetooth: Bluetooth® 3.0 + 4.1 LE
Display: 5-inch FUllHD (1920x1080p)

Burger King India Gets Pre-Orders For 1 200  WhoppersBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Burger King has received pre-orders for 1,200 'Whopper' burgers, even before the launch of its first store in India. The American burger giant opens its doors in the country at noon, this Sunday, November 9 at New Delhi's Select City Walk mall.
Burger King India in a tie-up with e-commerce major eBay  was offering customers a chance to pre-order their chicken, mutton or vegetarian 'Whopper' burgers at a special promotional flat price of Rs 128 (inclusive of taxes) between November 3-5.
According to eBay, 540 chicken, 380 mutton and 240 vegetarian 'Whoppers' have been sold.
Burger King India on Thursday said that there will be a separate queue for customers who ordered their burgers online through eBay.
"Good news for all the WhopperShoppers- we will have a separate queue for everyone who booked the Whopper on eBay India! See you all there on the 9th!" it said on its official Facebook page.
However customers, suggested on its Facebook page, that with over a thousand orders, one queue may not be enough and the store should have multiple queues for those who ordered online.
Customers who ordered their burgers on eBay would receive a coupon via courier, which they have to present at the store to get their burgers. As part of the promotional offer they will also get a free 'Whopper' t-shirt along with their burger.
However, Burger King India's menu will not have any beef options, it had earlier clarified.
 
"We have a wide range of options you'll love. We do not have beef on our menu but our options will certainly delight you," it said in an earlier thread on its official Facebook page.
Founded in 1954, Burger King is the world's second largest burger chain after McDonald's and has 13,000 stores across 98 countries.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 14:33 (IST)

Sri Adhikari Brothers Television N.W. to hold board meetingSri Adhikari Brothers Television N.W. to hold board meeting
Indians Bank Heavily On Financial Services Firms: SurveyIndians Bank Heavily On Financial Services Firms: Survey
Mutual Funds invest around Rs 6 000 cr in OctMutual Funds invest around Rs 6,000 cr in Oct
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
Continuing their buying spree for the sixth straight month, mutual funds pumped in close to Rs 6,000 crore (about $1 billion) in the equity market during October amid a market rally.
As per the latest data compiled by market regulator SEBI, Mutual Funds purchased shares worth Rs 17,483 crore last month, while they sold stocks worth Rs 11,543 crore - a net inflow of Rs 5,940 crore.
This is the sixth consecutive month when mutual funds have been net purchasers in equity market.
Industry experts attributed the inflows in equities to improvement in market sentiments, primarily due to the new government’s reforms agenda.
Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly in the last few months.
“The money in equities started coming in from the second half of May, after the announcement of General Election’s verdict, and the momentum has continued till date,” said a market expert.
A mutual fund is an investment vehicle made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors. The funds are invested in stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
MFs invested a net of over Rs 4,100 crore in September, close to Rs 6,000 crore in August, Rs 5,000 crore in July, Rs 3,340 crore in June and Rs 105 crore in May.
Prior to that, they had been net sellers in the equity market since September last year. They were net buyers of shares worth Rs 1,607 crore in August 2013.
The latest net inflow in the equity market is in line with the BSE index, Sensex, gaining 4.6 per cent last month.
In the first 10 months of 2014, MFs have purchased net shares worth over Rs 14,000 crore.
MFs offloaded shares worth Rs 14,208 crore last fiscal, lower than Rs 22,749 crore offloaded in 2012-13.
The financial year ended March 31, 2014 also marked the fifth consecutive year of net outflows by mutual funds in the equities after they had pumped in a net amount of Rs 6,985 crore in the share market in 2008-09.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

IT leaders struggling with protecting businesses: surveyIT leaders struggling with protecting businesses: survey
L N Revathy
Tweet
Coimbatore, Nov 6:  
Fortinet survey has revealed that Indian IT managers and CIOs tend to give up or delay business initiatives because of security issues.
While enterprises continue to be concerned about evolving security threats, IT security is turning into a bottle neck for IT decision makers (ITDMs) all around the world. 79 per cent of Indian ITDMs admit that security concerns have stopped or delayed them from implementing new business initiatives and innovations.
The problem persists globally, albeit at a lower magnitude (about 53 per cent of ITDMs worldwide confessed that they have abandoned or delayed projects due to the same reason) as compared to Indian ITDMs.
IT security, which has been the primary concern for sectors such as the BFSI and telcos has in recent years spilled over to retail as well.
The research was commissioned by Fortinet on 1600 enterprise ITDMs including 100 from India.
Security - now a boardroom issue
The findings suggest that IT security is now a boardroom issue as it affects most departments and not just IT.
"Mobility, complexity of threat and pressure from senior executives are the biggest challenges that Indian ITDMs face today," notes Rajesh Maurya, Country Manager, India & SAARC, Fortinet.
According to the survey, the biggest security threats that worries Indian ITDMs are data privacy regulations from the government and international agencies', along with emerging technologies like Internet of Things. 69 per cent of the Indian ITDMs surveyed feel that these two issues keep them on their toes.
India stands ahead in Biometrics
One of the security measures that has increasingly been gaining popularity is biometric access control. It is interesting to note that India is comparatively better prepared than the rest of the world in making use of biometric technologies. 90 per cent of Indian ITDMs claim they are equipped with the right tools and are robust enough to take advantage of biometric data innovations.
When it comes to implementations, findings show that only 16 per cent of global ITDMs have deployed the required biometric technologies, while over 21 per cent of Indian ITDMs have already implemented it at their enterprise. As a result, 55 per cent of Indian ITDMS feel they have securely safeguarded their enterprise, but only 34 per cent of global ITDMs feel the same.
"The biggest concern in biometrics lies in choosing a relevant technology among retina, finger print, voice/ facial recognition or others as each enterprise had different needs," say Fortinet experts.
Rising security spend
Over 50 per cent of Indian ITDMs have voiced concern that big data and data analytics is causing them to invest more money or resources in IT security and more than 90 per cent of Indian ITDMs revealed they have increased their budgets in IT security spend.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Tata Global Beverages Q2 Net down 65 pc to Rs 62.45 croreTelecom Commission to take call on extended spectrum use by Airtel, Vodafone
Tata Global Beverages Ltd today reported a 65.31 per cent decline in consolidated net profit at Rs 62.45 crore for the second quarter ended September 30.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 180.03 crore for the same period of previous fiscal, aided by exceptional income of Rs 92.05 crore.
Net sales during the quarter under review stood at Rs 1,964.41 crore, up 3.05 per cent, compared to Rs 1,906.23 crore during the same period in the previous fiscal, Tata Global Beverages Ltd (TGBL) said in a BSE filing.
TGBL Managing Director and CEO Ajoy Misra said: “We will continue to focus on innovations based on strong consumer insight across tea, coffee and water. The last quarter has seen new launches and campaigns across geographies inspite of a challenging market environment.”
Shares of TGBL closed at Rs 161.65 apiece on BSE, down 1.25 per cent from their previous close.
TAGS: Tata Global Beverages Tata Global Beverages Shares
More from companies

Govt asks UIDAI & NPR to complete Aadhaar enrollments by MarchClimate degegates generating 29,000 tonnes of CO2: Group
In order to extend the use of Aadhaar number to various social welfare schemes, government has asked the Unique Identification Authority and the National Population Register to complete the enrollment of the entire population by March.
“The Prime Minister’s Office has directed UIDAI and the NPR to complete the enrolment of the entire population of 12 crore by March,” a source said.
According to him, the direction was given during a review meeting of the Aadhaar project last month. Earlier too, the government had advanced the deadline for completing this task to June from December next year.
UIDAI has already issued 70 crore Aadhaar numbers to residents across the country. Nine states, including Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Delhi, Himachal Pradesh, have crossed 90 per cent Aadhaar coverage, while 16 states have over 70 per cent coverage, said a press statement by UIDAI.
Aadhaar enrolments in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Uttarakhand and Chhattisgarh are going on at a fast pace.
These four states with a combined population of about 34 crore were added earlier this year to UIDAI’s mandate by the government. Aadhaar numbers have been issued to 8.93 crore residents in these states, which is 26 per cent of the target population.
Over 25,000 Aadhaar enrolment kits are operational across the country as on date, including both camp mode and Permanent Enrolment Centres, with a total output of approximately 10 lakh enrolments per day.
UIDAI has already geared up its processing capabilities to achieve the targets and has the capacity to process around 15 lakh enrolment packets every day.
In the recent months, government has provided fresh impetus to the UIDAI by linking Aadhaar to various schemes and initiatives, including the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), MGNREGS, Pensions, Scholarships, DBTL, UAN (EPFO), PDS, Passports, Attendance system in government offices etc.
Aadhaar facilitates “anytime, anywhere” online authentication of a resident through universal verification of identity based on the demographic and biometric information of an individual, eliminating any chances of duplication or fraud.
TAGS: Aadhaar Jan Dhan Yojana
More from economy

Current account switching up 19%Current account switching up 19%
By Adam Palin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0c44c2cc-38de-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Commerzbank third-quarter profit triples© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b4a0b89c-657d-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

French bank profits buoyed by lower bad loan provisionsCrédit Agricole chief attacks French government economic policies
Michael Stothard in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/38b66a6c-658f-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ONGC Videsh Eyes Oil Assets in Ghana  Kenya: ReportBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: ONGC Videsh, the overseas investment arm of Oil and Natural Gas Corp, is looking to buy a stake in the assets of Africa-focused exploration company Tullow Oil Plc, a source with direct knowledge of matter said.
India, the world's fourth biggest oil consumer, has charged state oil firms with acquiring assets overseas to improve the security of its energy supplies. The country imports about 80 per cent of its crude needs.
ONGC Videsh aims to get 400,000 barrels per day (bpd) of crude from its overseas assets by 2018, compared with about 167,000 bpd produced from overseas holdings in the fiscal year to March 2014, ONGC's chairman said in October.
To meet its objective the company is looking at acquisitions, preferably of producing assets, in politically less risky countries.
"ONGC is keen to buy a stake in the African properties of Tullow that includes assets in Ghana and Kenya," said the source, who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the issue.
Tullow Oil declined to comment to Reuters when asked if it was in talks with ONGC or others on a stake sale.
ONGC Videsh wants to acquire assets in stable geographies like North America, Canada and Mexico, and expand its presence in Africa, managing director N K Verma said in an interview earlier this week.
London-listed Tullow has a number of oil assets in Africa, including its flagship Jubilee oil field offshore Ghana.
ONGC in 2009 made an attempt to buy the Jubilee stake of private equity-backed company Kosmos Energy. Kosmos later shelved plans to sell its stake.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Coal production to double to 1 biilion tonnes by 2019: GoyalCoal production to double to 1 biilion tonnes by 2019: Goyal
Board of Diamines & Chemicals appoints directorBoard of Diamines & Chemicals appoints director
CEO explains why Cognizant is going slow on large buysHi Guest
CEO explains why Cognizant is going slow on large buys
Even as Nasdaq-listed information-technology services company, Cognizant, raised its revenue growth forecast for 2014, its projection of 14.6-14.9 per cent continues to be lower than the firm’s growth in 2013. Rajeev Mehta, chief executive officer for IT services, explains to Business Standard that the company was faced with some client-specific issues, which led to this. Edited excerpts:Cognizant has raised revenue growth guidance for FY15, but it is lower than last year's growth and the ...

Cabinet Reshuffle: Parrikar May Get Defence; Swearing-in Likely on SundayCabinet Reshuffle: Parrikar May Get Defence; Swearing-in Likely on Sunday
Ramco Cements Q2 net jumps five-fold to Rs 89.71 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Ramco Cements Q2 net jumps five-fold to Rs 89.71 cr
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Nov 6:  
The Ramco Cements Ltd, formerly Madras Cements Ltd, today reported about five-fold jump in its standalone net profit to Rs 89.71 crore for the second quarter ended September on the back of cost reduction and improved realisation.
The company had posted a net profit after taxes, minority interest and share in profit/(loss) of associates at Rs 18.27 for the same period in the previous fiscal, it said in a statement.
Total income from operations for the July-September quarter also increased by Rs 30.72 crore to Rs 951.43 crore from Rs 920.71 crore in the same period a year ago.
For the half-year ended September 30, the net profit of the company escalated 44.59 per cent to Rs 125.97 crore from Rs 87.12 crore in the year-ago period.
For the first half of the current fiscal, Ramco’s total income from operations increased marginally and stood at Rs 1,910.58 crore, up from Rs 1,907.89 crore in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal.
The lower production and sale of cement during the half-year under review is due to continued slackness in demand for cement in key areas of our market, the statement said.
The fillip for infrastructure activities due to bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh is expected to materialise in the coming months, it added.
On the status of ongoing projects, the company said it is in the process of establishing a grinding unit at Vishakapatnam at a cost of Rs 475 crore.
Noting that the project was delayed by three months due to the damages caused by cyclone HudHud, it said, “The project, scheduled to be commissioned in September 2014, will be commissioned by March 2015.”
On the status of power plants, it said the company is in the process of enhancing the capacity of thermal power plants situated at Alathiyur, Ariyalur and Jayanthipuram by adding one more turbine of 6 MW each, which would increase the total capacity of the thermal power plants to 175 MW.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Suzlon launches new hybrid wind turbineHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Suzlon launches new hybrid wind turbine
Alka Kshirsagar
The new hybrid wind turbine generator.
Pune, Nov 6:  
Wind energy major Suzlon has developed a new hybrid wind turbine generator that is nearly one-and-a-half times taller than the conventional wind turbine.
The first of the 120 m tall hybrid tower was launced at a wind farm at Naniber in Kutch diistrict of Gujarat by the State Chief Minister, Anandiben Patel.
The wind farm currently has an installed capacity of 1,100 MW and Suzlon expects to take this to 2,000 MW in the next 3-4 years.
"As the wind speed increases at more heights, this turbine will produce 12-15 per cent higher energy at the same location making the project competitive and viable," Tulsi Tanti, Chairman, Suzlon Group, said.
The new turbine, whose cost is around 5 per cent higher, can produce around 56 lakh units per annum against 50 lakh units for the 90 m turbine.
As it is suited for low wind speed sites, the potential for wind energy in India can double from 1,00,000 MW, he said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Bata India to follow fiscal year for accounting purposesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Bata India to follow fiscal year for accounting purposes
Abhishek Law
Kolkata, Nov 6:  
Bata India Ltd will now follow financial year for accounting purposes.
The company at its meeting held on November 5 has decided to change the financial year of the company from January-December to April-March pursuant to the provisions of Section 2(41) of the Companies Act, 2013.
Accordingly, the current financial year of the company shall be extended up to March 31, 2015.
According to a notification to the bourses, the company said: “The current financial year shall be extended up to March 31, 2015, covering a period of 15 months commencing from January 1, 2014.”
Bata maintained that the company shall not publish its audited financial results for the year ended December 31 on or before February 28 and its audited financial results for the 15-month period (January 1, 2014 to March 31, 2015) on or before May 30, 2015.
The company has also decided to shift its registered office to 27B Camac Street in Kolkata from the existing 6A SN Banerjee Road.
Meanwhile, Bata India reported a marginal 2.63 per cent rise in standalone net profit to Rs 39 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Net profit for the corresponding period last year stood at Rs 38 crore.
During the period under review, net sales increased by 13 per cent to Rs 548 crore against Rs 484 crore during the corresponding period last year.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Jeetan Ram Manjhi: I am CM for a few days  have no special qualities to become leader of grand allianceBihar Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi on Thursday hinted at turbulence within party
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: November 7, 2014 12:01 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 2:07 am
Even as there were several hiccups in the RJD, JD(U) and Congress formally stitching the much-touted “Grand Alliance” from Bihar and even more ambitious drive to “reunite the old Janta Parivar” to counter the BJP at the national level, Bihar Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi on Thursday hinted at turbulence within the JD(U) and “simmering challenge to his leadership” by saying that he “had been CM for a few days and had limited time to do whatever little he can”. He, however, did not hint at any change of guard before Assembly polls.
Manjhi was speaking at a seminar on teachers in Patna. Manjhi’s remarks come amidst controversy over appointing his son-in-law as his personal assistant and the BJP terming it “violation of service conducts”.
Meanwhile, five ministers of his cabinet did not attend the function, much to Manjhi’s embarrassment. The ministers who were absent included HRD Minister Brishen Patel, Rural Development and Parliamentary Affairs Minister Shrawan Kumar, Food Minister Shyam Rajak, Urban Development Minister Samrat Chaudhary and Animal Husbandry Minister Baidyanath Sahni.
Speaking at the function, Manjhi said: “Jaisa ki aap sab log jaante hai mai ab kuchh dinon ka mukhyamantri hoon…Lekin jab tak CM hoon, dil ki baat bolunga (As you all are aware, I am CM for a few days. As long as I am CM, I will speak out my heart)”.
He further added that he doesn’t aspire to become the leader of the Grand Alliance, “At best, I have time till next year’s elections. After election, Grand Alliance will choose its leader who will become CM if we get majority. I will try to do whatever I can in limited time at my disposal.”
Manjhi is trying to put pressure on party leadership to “reinstate faith in his leadership” as long as he was in the saddle. Manjhi has been under pressure to perform and to refrain from making controversial statements to “position himself as a Dalit leader” at the expense of Nitish Kumar’s position in the party.
Meanwhile, Bihar BJP demanded the CM’s resignation for resignation for appointing his son-in-law as his PA. BJP legislature party leader and former deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said: “There is a clear rule about CM and ministers declaring every year if their close kin are appointed as personal staff”.
RJD tells JD(U) to leave personal agenda, says will play senior partner
Even as RJD, JD(U) and Congress entered an alliance ahead of the Jharkhand Assembly polls, the RJD is not too happy with former chief minister Nitish Kumar embarking on his Sampark Yatra from West Champaran from November 13.
The RJD has started putting pressure on the JD(U) by making it clear that it will play the senior partner and wants a “common election agenda” rather than JD(U) leaders Nitish Kumar and CM Jeetan Ram Manjhi furthering their “own personal political agenda”.
RJD national vice-president and former Union minister Raghuvansh Prasad Singh told The Indian continued…

Socialist parties join hands to counter BJPNew Delhi, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 7, 2014 17:14 IST
Janata Parivar meets, merger on the cards
Smita Gupta
Tweet
The Hindu “Janata Parivar” leaders (from left) Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh Yadav, JD (S) leader Deve Gowda, JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav, RJD leader Lalu Prasad and former Bihar CM Nitish Kumar during a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
parties and movements
Mulayam Singh Yadav, Lalu Prasad, Deve Gowda and Nitish Kumar meet at the SP chief's residence; “There is a strong possibility we might merge and form one party,” says Nitish
A merger of parties belonging to the “Janata Parivar” appears to be on the cards following a meeting between them at Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh’s residence here on Thursday.
While the parties resolved to work together inside and outside Parliament as a strong Opposition, former Bihar Chief Minister and Janata Dal (United) leader Nitish Kumar told the media later: “We resolved today to work together and in the near future. There is a strong possibility we might merge and form one party.”
Those who gathered at Mr. Singh’s residence included Janata Dal (S) chief H.D. Deve Gowda, Rashtriya Janata Dal supremo Lalu Prasad, Samajwadi Janata Party leader Kamal Morarka and Indian National Lok Dal MP Dushyant Chautala.
Sources at the meeting said during the discussions the Janata Parivar leaders agreed that it was imperative that they came together as the Congress had all but vacated the Opposition space. Sources said Mr. Singh also pointed out that on key economic issues, such as the Insurance Bill, the BJP and the Congress were usually together.
If a merger does take place, it is likely to be followed by the formation of a joint platform with other regional parties.
The trigger has been provided by the Assembly elections in Bihar and UP, where the JD(U) and the SP are currently in power. Assembly elections in Bihar are due next year and in Uttar Pradesh in 2017.
The meeting drew up an initial plan of action that will see its members campaign across the country on issues on which they hope to pin down the BJP on the electoral promises it made, such as bringing back black money, creating jobs and enhancing the minimum support price for crops.
Most of these parties had also campaigned for the INLD in Haryana during the just-concluded Assembly elections. They also attended a rally called by Rashtriya Lok Dal chief Ajit Singh in Meerut.
The Janata experiment: From The Hindu archives
October 21, 2014
Finishes way behind in Haryana as the BJP outplays it in social engineering
October 2, 2014
Though not a Third Front yet, there are signs that the Janata Parivar — and some of its old friends — shaken out of its lethargy by this year’s general election results, is tentatively working towards creating an anti-BJP platform.
August 21, 2010

Hiding under corpses: Iraqi tribesmen recount escape from ISISprint
Muhammed Hilal and about 100 other members of Iraq's Albu Nimr tribe felt safe hiding from Islamic State militants in tall grass -- until the headlights of dozens of cars exposed them.
"We know you are there, traitors," militants shouted, before opening fire on the tribesmen who had fought them for weeks. Most died. Some were taken prisoner.
Shot in the arm and leg, Hilal survived, after smothering himself in blood and playing dead under corpses as the militants beat the wounded and called them "scum", he said.
Hilal says he spotted more bodies, including children and the elderly, dumped on the roadside as he fled the scene after hours of hiding beneath the dead.
"I'm waiting for my family. I have no way of reaching them. Their cellphones are switched off and I'm powerless to do anything," Hilal told Reuters by telephone from Haditha, a town under the control of Iraqi forces and tribal fighters but still vulnerable to attack from nearby Islamic State militants.
Many other members of the tribe face that same uncertainty after Islamic State executed hundreds to punish the tribe that had fought back.
After seizing the tribe's main village, Islamic State militants combed the area for those who had set out on foot hoping to escape the wrath of a group notorious for beheading or shooting dead anyone opposed to their ultra-hardline ideology.
The killings raised new concerns about Iraq's ability to defeat Islamic State, which swept through northern Iraq in June, meeting little resistance from the US-trained army.
The Shi'ite-led government of Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi wants Sunni tribes like Albu Nimr, which once helped the United States defeat al Qaeda in Anbar, to back government forces fighting Islamic State.
But tribal leaders say the government ignored repeated pleas for help as Islamic State pushed through Anbar, a vast desert province that includes the Sunni tribe-dominated towns in the Euphrates River valley running from the Syrian border to the western outskirts of Baghdad.
Surrender
Islamic State was on the march in Anbar even before it seized much of northern Iraq, coming ever closer to Baghdad as part of its ambition to redraw the map of the Middle East.
It is now encircling the province's largest air base, Ain al-Asad, and the vital Haditha dam on the Euphrates.
The carnage appears to have been carefully planned. Before Islamic State took the village of Zauiyat Albu Nimr, the insurgents planted informants who eventually handed over the names of fighters, tribal members said.
"On the night that they entered the village, the army retreated from the front line and they were evacuated. This left us with no ammunition and only fighters from the villages so we had to surrender," said shopowner Haji Rudaif.
He, like many villagers, escaped with just the clothes on their backs. Some took the highway to the town of Hit, making the fatal mistake of believing promises of safe havens made by Islamic State.
That is where the bloodletting began with 35 executions. Others, like tribal fighter Abu Ibtisam, 50, walked for about 6 km (4 miles) to a desert area west of Hit after militants took their gold and cash, ripping the jewellery off his daughter's neck.
At an Islamic State checkpoint, one militant took powdered milk from his wife and tossed it in the dirt -- she frantically tried to collect it but was pushed back, he said. After robbing them they let them go free.
"One of them said that even our children don't deserve to live because they will grow up one day and fight them back," said Abu Ibtisam.
Like other tribesmen, he doubts an alliance with the government can be built.
In this file photo, Islamic State militants are seen after placing their group's flag on a hilltop at the eastern side of the town of Kobani, Syria. (AP Photo)
"The government paid no attention to us no matter what happened, if we knew that things would have turned this way then I wouldn't have fought," said Abu Ibtisam.
"I would have left the village with my family and my money, gold and dignity and not suffered these hardships. I regret having fought against Islamic State because I have gained nothing."
The accounts could not be independently confirmed. Islamic State tactics are clear -- take over territory, eliminated anyone who stands in the way and try to run the area like a state. It has declared a caliphate in parts of Iraq and Syria.
No time to mourn
After members of the tribe scattered, tribal fighter Majid Ouda and two cousins headed for the desert where they hid for five days, surviving on dates and dirty water from a lake.
Whenever cellphone coverage was available, he  called his mother. One day she was frantic. His 13-year-old brother Mohammed was taken away along with others by Islamic State.
"I told my mother not to worry since he's practically a child and he didn't even participate in the fighting," said Ouda.
"My family called me a day later when I reached the an army emplacement and told me that my brother and 47 more students were killed in the roundabout of Hit. They killed him because I'm a policeman."
The Albu Nimr were seen as some of the fiercest fighters in Iraq, not just Anbar. During the U.S. occupation after the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003, they took on Islamic State's predecessor in Iraq, al Qaeda, which specialised mostly in hit and run attacks and suicide bombings.
Equipped with more funds and weapons seized from defeated Iraqi troops, Islamic State will almost certainly keep inflicting more punishment on any tribes that challenge them.
In this file photo, Iraqi security forces inspect the bodies of militants from the Islamic State group after clashes, in Jurf al-Sakhar, south of Baghdad, Iraq. (AP Photo)
The Albu Nimr are still counting their casualties. Hamdan al-Nimrawy, aide to one of the tribe's leaders, said the death toll has reached 540 with many people still missing.
The gruelling journey to escape was too much for some. Abu Takaa and his family of seven slept behind a sand dune in the desert to avoid detection. His wife became so dehydrated that she could no longer breast-feed her infant, he said.
"My youngest passed away. But his mother kept holding on to him and would not let go even after two days," he said.
There was no time to mourn, fearing that Islamic State was on their trail. "We buried the child there and we entrusted nomads with his grave and moved on."

Intel Capital Puts $62 Million In 16 Companies; To Invest $355 Million In 2014Intel Capital Puts $62 Million In 16 Companies; To Invest $355 Million In 2014
Canara Bank Q2 net rises marginally to Rs 6.3 bnCanara Bank Q2 net rises marginally to Rs 6.3 bn
Oilmeal exports drop 32% to 34.9 lakh t in 2013-14Oilmeal exports drop 32% to 34.9 lakh t in 2013-14
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
Oilmeal exports fell 32 per cent to 34.86 lakh tonnes in the 2013-14 oil year that ended last month due to a significant decline in soyabean meal shipments owing to lower domestic crop, industry body SEA has said.
The country had shipped 51.29 lakh tonnes of oilmeal, used as animal feed, in the previous year. Oil year runs from November to October.
“Export of soyabean meal has greatly reduced in last six months due to lower than expected crop, that resulted into high cost of soyabean in local market. This led to total disparity for soyabean meal in international market,” according to the Solvent Extractors Association of India (SEA) data.
Soyabean meal exports
As per SEA data, soyabean meal exports declined 49 per cent to 18.65 lakh tonnes in 2013-14 oil year compared with 36.23 lakh tonnes in the year-ago period.
The availability of soyabean was lower for export purpose as the country’s total output was down at 120 lakh tonnes in the 2013-14 crop year compared with 146.66 lakh tonnes in the previous year, as per the government’s estimate.
SEA said the export of castorseed meal also fell marginally to 4.67 lakh tonnes from 4.95 lakh tonnes, while the shipment of ricebran extraction declined to 92,074 tonnes from 1.51 lakh tonnes in the review period.
Shipment of groundnut meal declined to 1,123 tonnes in 2013-14 oil year from 2,036 tonnes in the year-ago period.
However, the brighter side was that the total export of rapeseed meal increased by 24 per cent to 10.60 lakh tonnes from 8.56 lakh tonnes in the review period.
India exports oilmeal to countries such as South Korea, Thailand, Vietnam, Taiwan, Indonesia, Iran and European nations.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Lenovo to offer bundled Internet packs in Telangana  APLenovo launches pilot to increase PC, laptop sales
K V Kurmanath
(From left): Bhaskar Chaudhuri, Lenovo Director (Marketing), Anwar Shirpurwala, Executive Director of MAIT, and Shailaendra Katyal, Director, HSB, launching a nationwide scheme in Hyderabad on Thursday. Photo: P V Sivakumar
Hyderabad, Nov 6:  
Computing products firm Lenovo has launched a national pilot plan in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, bundling Internet offerings with laptops and desktop computers (PCs).
“The penetration of computers is very low at 10 per cent. It is many times more in countries like Indonesia, Malaysia and Brazil. We found that affordability is one of the important reasons for low penetration,” Bhaskar Choudhuri, Director (Marketing) of Lenovo India, said.
Though the average penetration is 10 per cent, the penetration level in some States is very low. In AP and Telangana, it is estimated to be 8 per cent.
The company is also finalising a deal with two Internet service providers to offer bundled service packages with PCs and laptops. “The awareness level on what you can do on a PC is also very low. We would like to take up a campaign to bring awareness,” he said.
After the pilot, the company will launch the plan in Gujarat before taking it pan-India.
Asked whether smartphone penetration is not impacting PC sales, Choudhuri said: “It is not possible to do certain things that you can do on PCs and laptops. We are going to take up awareness campaigns to tell people what they can do with the computers.”
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Market valuation of BSE-listed cos nears Rs 100-lakh-cr-markMarket valuation of BSE-listed cos nears Rs 100-lakh-cr-mark
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
As the benchmark BSE Sensex is witnessing a dream rally, the total market valuation of BSE-listed companies has inched closer to the Rs 100-lakh-crore-mark.
At present, the total market capitalisation (m-cap) of BSE-listed companies stands at Rs 97,13,196 crore which is just Rs 2.86 lakh short of the Rs 100-lakh-crore milestone.
In terms of the US dollar, the total market valuation of BSE-listed companies has surged to $1.58 trillion at the current rupee rate of 61.41 against the greenback.
India had first entered the trillion-dollar club in June 2007, but moved out in September 2008 after a global meltdown.
It again got back into the elite league in May 2009 and largely remained there except for a brief time, including once in 2012. In August 2013, it had again slipped out of the list.
The Sensex has gained 6,745.2 points, or 31.86 per cent, so far this year. The index hit its all-time high of 28,010.39 yesterday.
Experts said expectations of more reforms by the Narendra Modi-led Government and a rate cut by the RBI has helped markets scale new heights.
The Sensex blue-chips whose market valuation is more than Rs 1 lakh crore include TCS, ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, HDFC Bank, Coal India, SBI, ICICI Bank, Sun Pharma, HDFC, HUL, L&T, Bharti Airtel, Tata Motors, Wipro, NTPC, HCL Tech and Axis Bank.
Outsourcing giant TCS is the most valued Indian company with a market cap of Rs 5,09,435.77 crore.
Marketmen said Indian markets are also making merry, helped by smart foreign fund inflows.
Since the beginning of this year, overseas investors have infused a net amount of Rs 82,266 crore ($13.7 billion) into equities, while they have invested a net of Rs 1.36 lakh crore in the debt market ($22.5 billion) taking the total to Rs 2.18 lakh crore ($36 billion).
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

P&G  GE worlds best cos in terms of leadership: studyHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
P&G, GE world’s best cos in terms of leadership: study
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
Multinational consumer goods company Procter & Gamble has been named world’s best company in terms of leadership followed by General Electric and Coca-Cola in the second and third place respectively, as per a Hay Group study.
The global management consulting firm today released its ninth annual Best Companies for Leadership Study and the Top 20 list on the basis of how these companies build and promote the development of great leaders.
Others in the top 10 list include IBM at the fourth place, followed by Unilever (5th), Intel (6th), McDonald’s (7th), Samsung (8th), 3M (9th) and Hewlett-Packard (10th).
No Indian company feature in the list though almost all of them which find mention have significant presence in India.
The top 20 best companies for leadership also include PepsiCo (11th), Toyota (12th), Accenture (13th), Siemens (14th), Telefonica (15th), BASF (16th), Johnson & Johnson (17th), Citigroup (18th), IKEA (19th) and Pfzer (20th).
“This year’s research shows that the world’s leading organisations are purposefully developing leaders who will be able to drive innovation and transform their organisations,” Hay Group’s global managing director of Leadership and Talent practice Ruth Malloy said.
The report said around 80 per cent of the top 20 firms had established clear career paths for their employees, compared to only 48 per cent of all other companies.
“These best-in-class organisations are providing non-traditional, more diverse, career paths and training high-potential employees to meet specific business challenges and develop the skills required to help their organisations succeed in today’s increasingly volatile, global environment,” Malloy added.
At the top 20 companies, flexibility to respond to economic changes was identified as a top challenge for leaders over the next 12 months, along with the ability to capitalise on opportunities within emerging markets, the report said.
“Today, the capacity to meet challenges requires an unusual set of leadership skills and it is these traits that set the Best Companies for Leadership apart from the rest,” Hay Group India Country Head Sridhar Ganesan said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Italy has atomic bomb to revive economyItaly has ‘atomic bomb’ to revive economy, says Renzi aide
James Politi and Giulia Segreti in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba925ef4-64d8-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Morrison sees progress despite sales fallLast updated: November 6, 2014 9:19 am
Wm Morrison sees progress despite sales drop
Andrea Felsted, Senior Retail Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a91f87c-6586-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indians abroad should partner in India s pr...You are here: Home > Collections > Qatar
Indians abroad should become partners in India's progress: Anand Kumar
PTI Nov 6, 2014, 02.36PM IST
(He was invited by the Indian…)
DUBAI: Indians working in different parts of the world should not forget their roots and become partners in their country's progress, Indian mathematician Anand Kumar has said and highlighted the need for inclusive education to tackle world's biggest challenges.
"It is the duty of those who have succeeded, to look back and give something back to the society, it plays an invaluable part in every individual's success. Hence, once you succeed, you must share your success with the society as well," Kumar the founder of Super 30, said at a function organised in Qatar.
He said there was a need for inclusive education, which alone can effectively tackle world's biggest challenges such as poverty, illiteracy and unemployment.
He was invited by the Indian community in Qatar to speak on his globally acclaimed effort to mentor students from the underprivileged sections for admission to IIT.
Impressed by his works, the Indian community in Qatar also felicitated Kumar and named him as the ambassador of the initiative taken by the community in Qatar for Indians living there.
Belal Khan, organiser of the event, said that, "Kumar's inspiring work of helping the underprivileged youth climb the social ladder is what motivated him to select him as the ambassador.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amid spiking tensions  Israel PM says no change at Jerusalem holy sitePrint
Palestinians burn tires during clashes with Israeli border police in east Jerusalem on Wednesday, Nov. 5, 2014. Clashes broke out after a Palestinian driver rammed a minivan into a crowded train station. He then backed out and proceeded to drive away, hitting several cars along the way, then got out of the car and attacked a group of civilians and police officers on the side of the road with a metal bar, killing one and wounding 13, before he was shot and killed. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: November 6, 2014 3:44 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 3:55 pm
Israel’s prime minister has emphasized there will be no change in the status of a contentious Jerusalem holy site amid spiking tensions in the area.
Government spokesman Mark Regev said Benjamin Netanyahu made the comment at a meeting with security officials late Wednesday.
ALSO READ: Ask Israel to stop incitements against Muslim sites, Palestine tells UN
In recent weeks hard-line Israeli politicians have stepped up demands for the removal of restrictions preventing Jews from praying at the site, known to Jews as the Temple Mount and Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary.
Palestinians have repeatedly clashed with police at the site, and on Wednesday Jordan recalled its ambassador to Israel to protest the actions of the security forces.

Amid spiking tensions  Israel PM says no change at Jerusalem holysitePrint
Palestinians burn tires during clashes with Israeli border police in east Jerusalem on Wednesday, Nov. 5, 2014. Clashes broke out after a Palestinian driver rammed a minivan into a crowded train station. He then backed out and proceeded to drive away, hitting several cars along the way, then got out of the car and attacked a group of civilians and police officers on the side of the road with a metal bar, killing one and wounding 13, before he was shot and killed. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: November 6, 2014 3:44 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 3:55 pm
Israel’s prime minister has emphasized there will be no change in the status of a contentious Jerusalem holy site amid spiking tensions in the area.
Government spokesman Mark Regev said Benjamin Netanyahu made the comment at a meeting with security officials late Wednesday.
ALSO READ: Ask Israel to stop incitements against Muslim sites, Palestine tells UN
In recent weeks hard-line Israeli politicians have stepped up demands for the removal of restrictions preventing Jews from praying at the site, known to Jews as the Temple Mount and Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary.
Palestinians have repeatedly clashed with police at the site, and on Wednesday Jordan recalled its ambassador to Israel to protest the actions of the security forces.

Rajinikanth and politics  a timelineUpdated: November 8, 2014 07:26 IST
Rajinikanth and politics — a timeline
Internet Desk
Tweet
The Hindu File photo of actor Rajinikanth.
Political parties have, over the years, tried to capitalise on Rajinikanth’s mass appeal. Following are the major events in the actor’s tryst with politics
Disputing popular accounts of many Congressmen from Tamil Nadu that former Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao’s indifference blocked the entry of superstar Rajinikanth into politics, his grandson N.V. Subash said Rao was keen on the Congress contesting the 1996 Assembly polls with the actor as its face. Read here
In 1996, after the Congress decided to align with the AIADMK, Rao’s posters were torn up in Tamil Nadu. The Congress then split, with the late G.K. Moopanar floating the Tamil Manila Congress and aligning with the DMK. The superstar is famously known to have said then, "If Jayalalithaa is voted back to power, even god cannot save Tamil Nadu." The DMK-TMC alliance swept the polls. The actor’s statement on Jayalalithaa was perceived to have contributed to the defeat of AIADMK. Read here
In 2002, Mr. Rajnikanth unveiled plans to start a "people's movement'' on the Cauvery issue and highlight the need for interlinking Himalayan and peninsular rivers. He denied having any desire to see himself as a "political leader or statesman”. Read here
In 2004, Mr. Rajnikanth pledged his vote for the BJP-AIADMK alliance. Though Mr. Rajnikanth was not known to have changed his opinion of Ms. Jayalalithaa, he said the support for the BJP-led NDA alliance was based on an assurance that the BJP would strive for “linking all rivers in the country to solve the drinking water crisis, at a time when other parties did not take a firm stand on the issue.'' Read here
In 2008, responding to a fan’s question on his entry into politics, Mr. Rajinikanth said, “It would be foolish to think that one is successful in politics due to sheer capability, experience and hard work. It is all a question of time and circumstances. If the time is not right, nothing can help.” Read here
Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a personal visit to the star ahead of the 2014 Lok Sabha polls. Talking to reporters along with Mr. Modi, the actor said there was nothing political about their meeting. Mr. Modi said the actor was a good friend and a well-wisher. Read here
Following AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa’s conviction in the disproportionate assets case and her return to Chennai after 21 days of jail, Mr. Rajinikanth said he was “very glad” to see her, a neighbour, back home in Poes Garden. Read here
Recalling Mr. Rajnikanth’s support to the DMK-TMC combine in 1996, a senior BJP leader said the actor’s similar backing to their party could serve as a huge boost its fortunes in Tamil Nadu. Read here
The BJP intensified its efforts to make Mr. Rajinikanth join the party. Tamilisai Soundararajan, president of the BJP State unit, visited to the actor’s house on an invitation from Rajinikanth’s wife Lata. Read here

God is in the detailsUpdated: October 27, 2014 18:55 IST
God is in the details
Hema Vijay
Tweet
DIVINE MASQUERADES Dressed in costumes of Gods and gypsies, policemen and doctors, attendees to the festivals believe their wishes and requests will be granted here Photo: Achuthanand Tanjore Ravi
DIVINE MASQUERADES Dressed in costumes of Gods and gypsies, policemen and doctors, attendees to the festivals believe their wishes and requests will be granted here Photo: Achuthanand Tanjore Ravi
DIVINE MASQUERADES Dressed in costumes of Gods and gypsies, policemen and doctors, attendees to the festivals believe their wishes and requests will be granted here Photo: Achuthanand Tanjore Ravi
DIVINE MASQUERADES Dressed in costumes of Gods and gypsies, policemen and doctors, attendees to the festivals believe their wishes and requests will be granted here Photo: Achuthanand Tanjore Ravi
TOPICS
photography
Photographer Achuthanand Ravi captures the entranced villagers of Kulasekarapattinam at the annual Kulasai festival in Tuticorin
It has been a rather little-known mela, despite it being a melting pot of charged music and dance, colour and costume, drama and spirituality. Or so it was, until photographers, such as Chennai-based Achuthanand Tanjore Ravi, decided to capture it on camera. Ravi himself stumbled upon this festival when he was working on a project photo-documenting people in masquerades.
A self-taught photographer, whose work is sought after internationally thanks to his impressive photo documentaries, such as on the Mahakumbh Mela-2013 and the UNESCO supported Beyond Sight on visually-challenged people, Ravi has just completed a photo documentary of the evocative Kulasai festival that happens in the seaside village Kulasekarapattinam in Tuticorin district, just 20 km from the famous Tiruchendur Murugan temple. “The Kulasai festival astounds by its colours and music,” says Achuthanand, who has shot this photo documentary for the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation as part of their outreach to understand the festivals of south India.
A rather nondescript village that comes alive during the 12 days coinciding with Dussehra, when over 1.5 million pilgrims flock to the Kulasai Mutharamman temple here, this village witnesses a unique trance dance, when pilgrims dance with clay pots containing fire while in a trance, for hours on end and far into the night, swaying to the pulsating beats of thara thappattam.
This is a unique festival where people dress up in a repertoire of costumes that includes Gods, such as Kali, Yama, Hanuman and Shiva, as well as in costumes of gypsies, policemen, doctors etc. The festival evolved because people here did not have access to metal foils of these Gods, which are traditionally given as offerings into temple hundials. Or perhaps, they chose to pass up metal foils and dress themselves up instead. “I would estimate that eight to 10 lakh people converge here during the festival, and this includes about 600 troops (of 20 odd people in each troop) in costumes. People come from across South India in buses and vans, pitch tents and take part in the festivities. They come to make their wishes and requests, and return the following year in fancy costumes as a measure of gratitude,” says Achuthanand. And once the festival winds up, the village goes back to being just another nondescript fishing village in the region.
In terms of technique, Achuthanand stuck to the 50 mm and 24 mm prime lens of fixed focal length. “In general, I went by the photographic maxim of ‘the closer you go, the better is the composition,” he shares. And, he did not use a flash. In low light, Achuthanand opted for an elevated ISO for better image stabilisation.
“I plan to revisit the festival next year and get a few more portraits,” says Achuthanand, whose passion for photo documentation has led him to places far into the inner reaches of the country. Meanwhile, Madras in Motion, the photography community started with his friend Ashok Arsh is now 3,800 members strong and conducts photo walks every week.

Tones of cosmic cyclesUpdated: October 30, 2014 19:32 IST
Tones of cosmic cycles
Special Arrangement Dancers in “Brahmakalpa”, a joint Indo-Malaysian creation
TOPICS
bharatanatyam
This week, New Delhi saw an energetic Indo-Malaysian Bharatanatyam presentation in the joint effort of Rama Vaidyanathan and Ajit Bhaskar Dass.
A well-filled Kamani auditorium in New Delhi seemed specially activated watching the infectiously explosive energy of dancers in “Brahmakalpa”, a joint Indo-Malaysian creation led by Rama Vaidyanathan and Ajit Bhaskar Dass, the evening sponsored by Sarvam Foundation in association with Kri Foundation.
The theme and choreography by Rama with Ajit Bhaskar as artistic director, woven round the energies of the cosmic cycle of creation, dissolution and resurrection, had as a vital take-off point — six strong Bharatanatyam dancers aided by a well-knit and rehearsed group of accompanists. Rhythm with its vocabulary of mnemonics is an invaluable language to discuss relative aspects like Time, which as a creation of the human mind is not absolute, and Shiv Kumar with his rhythmic input and nattuvangam provided a fine way of interpreting the energy ‘bindu’ exploding to form the universe. Rhythm’s bristling energy in one entering male dancer’s agility, with both rhythm and dancers expanding and multiplying, with the whole group forming the universe in the line “Prakrit Urjaya Mahaaspotavadaha” made a strong energetic statement. K. Venkateshwaran‘s innovative musical score and singing with L. Vasudevan’s vocal support, apart from putting together two voices which combine very well, by swelling melodic body of the chants and melodies, helped evoke that feel of largeness, suitable for an expansive theme trying to catch tones of cosmic cycles. This along with harmonising and playing with sound with the echo effect and having varied percussion interventions through tavil, kanjira and mridangam, gave the musical accompaniment the right tone.
Surya namaskar movements paid homage to the cosmic energy manifesting as the sun, its warmth representing the beginning of life on earth. Recognising earth as mother with the people as her progeny (“Mata Bhoomi Putroaham Prithivyaha”) with just Bhaskar as the sun and Rama as earth interacting for a while, with each revolving on its own axis, was a slow sequence, very intelligently thought out. But somewhere, the lighting was not perfect and the sequence lost out on clarity. Perhaps, maintaining a greater distance between the two characters with a larger spot could make the effect of the sun’s movements with light and darkness effect on earth stand out better.
What I found very moving was the Neelambari prelude played on the violin by Viji Shivanand. Srishti, Stithi, Laya’s unending cycle of creation, preservation and dissolution presided over by the Trinity of Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva, were all passing phases and while the Dashavatar sequence for Vishnu symbolised evolution with each dancer holding the movement with iconographic symbols for each avatar (which included Krishna and not Buddha), with the music delighting in tanam sounds, the dance visualisation revelled in the imagery of nature with bees, birds and trees and animals. Finally, to the strong tavil sounds came dissolution, to be followed by new birth which was well shown through minimal symbols, like the slowly blooming lotus.
The second part aimed at catching that omnipotent essence which is present in every aspect of life. From the Vedas to Sangam poetry, the theme — now trying to weave in the spiritual-erotic combine — was expressed through the yearning and eternal search of the individual soul for its cosmic identity. This truth, which is the heat within fire, the fragrance within a flower, the gem within the stone and the truth in a word, the energy in the sun, the cool light of the moon, the essence within scriptures, and the energy in the elements, was shown through interpretative bursts, by Rama and Bhaskar.
The last part, ushered through Sindhu Bhairavi on the cycle of time which moves on inexorably waiting for no man (“Kalo Ashwo Vahati”), showed the play of time (“Kalo Kridati”), cast in a combination of melodic note patterns and a whole gamut of ragas. This had the group of six, Rama and Bhaskar, with Rama’s students — daughter Dakshina and Uma Govind — and Bhaskar’s disciples from Malaysia, Vijayan Veeryen and Partibhan Sethu, appear and disappear in quick solo and group flashes of rhythmic zeal. What with mandi adavus executed at breakneck speed, with the dancers in fine sync, “Om Tat Sat Ekam, Brahma”, spelt the final silence. Perhaps cutting out about ten minutes of this rhythmic frenzy would make the work even more effective. A fine effort at artists from different regions coming together!
Zestful Kathak
What with the Diwali ‘dhamaka’, dance, when it happened to show its face during the last two weeks, carried the same quality of high energy. At the recent IIC Experience, Vishal Krishna with his Benares gharana Kathak enchanted the gathering in the open-air space of the Fountain Lawns. While the peculiar flavour of Benarasi culture is all too evident in his Kathak inherited from a family legacy of great artists like Sitara Devi and late Gopi Krishna, the high vaulting energy of his one-legged chakkars and ‘sam’ finishes with full-seated squat on the floor after movements executed at speed, go with an unconsciousness in the dancer of his own persona which is rare today. But Vishal’s Teen tala nritta sagged in tempo with far too many tabla interventions. His brother is no doubt an excellent tabla player, but such frequent solo splashes in a dance programme do not allow the dancer’s effort to register fully. As usual, Vishal’s plate dance (much like Kuchipudi tarangam) showed how this form of dancing was practised by more than one classical tradition. It was in the latter half that Vishal really came into his own in the drut section.

Low forms in Bay but cyclone threat for coast may be fading‘Low’ forms in Bay but cyclone threat for coast may be fading
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Nov 4:  
A low-pressure has materialised over south-east Bay of Bengal, but weather models suspect if it would be able to go the distance and spin up as a tropical cyclone.
By mid-day on Tuesday, super typhoon Nuri in the west Pacific peaked over and had wound down to a typhoon by mid-day in signs it was ceding space for the Bay to do its act.
Not too sure
The area of genesis of the ‘low’ in the Bay is the same as where very severe cyclone Hudhud had taken birth. But the comparison ends there, according to projections by global models.
On Tuesday, India Met Department put the ‘low’ under watch for intensification as a depression over the next two days but peer models are not sure if it can evolve any further. They cite a host of adverse factors impeding its development – the projected track, proximity to land, and back-to-back movement of opposing western disturbances.
Far off location
First of all, erstwhile super typhoon Nuri had delayed the formation of the ‘low’ by at least three days. It sent dynamics of the Bay into disarray, forcing the ‘low’ to show up at much farther a place than anticipated.
Secondly, the projected track towards the Myanmar coast denies it the luxury of the elbow room to grow, despite sea-surface temperatures being just ideal.
Thirdly, the vertical wind shear (the sudden change in wind direction and speed with height) is already high over northeast Bay where the ‘low’ seems initially headed. The wind shear is projected to grow over the region, and threatens to interfere with the building of the storm tower.
Opposing westerlies
Fourthly, there is a raft of incoming western disturbances which blow in from the opposite direction and which could decelerate the ‘low’/depression, even stop it on its track.
By all indications, the threat of a full-blown cyclone hovering over the east coast of India may have thus evaporated.
The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts sees a likely depression now headed towards north Andhra Pradesh-south Odisha coasts.
Projections by India Met tend to take the system towards the Chennai coast and neighbourhood later during the week.
(This article was published on November 4, 2014)
Related

Nobel winner Satyarthi compliments PM Modi for Swacch Bharat initiativeNobel winner Kailash Satyarthi compliments PM Narendra Modi for Swacch Bharat initiative
PTI Nov 5, 2014, 10.13PM IST
Tags:
Kailash Satyarthi
(Nobel winner Kailash Satyarthi said…)
NEW DELHI: Nobel Peace Prize winner and child rights activist Kailash Satyarthi today lent his support to the Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan and complimented Prime Minister Narendra Modi for taking up the issue of cleanliness.
Satyarthi, at an interaction with students of IIT Delhi, said ensuring cleanliness was a social issue and all citizens should extend their cooperation to the initiative.
"I support the Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan. Because cleanliness is important. It is not a political issue. It is more of a social issue.
"Everybody should get involved in all these social causes, and cleanliness is definitely one of them. It is good that the Prime Minister himself is taking up this issue and others are also joining in," he said.
Satyarthi also talked about the need for change in the mindset of the people for such campaigns.
"Awareness, involvement or engagement is the beginning of changing of mindset. Once people start doing it like that, maybe a gesture to begin with, it will then become a fad, and that becomes the process of changing the mindset," he said.
The child rights activist also spoke about the "link" between high population growth and increase in child labour and said the connection between the two is like a "cycle which had to be broken".
"It starts when a family gives birth to more children than they can support. In such families you will see the children working while the adult will be sitting idle.
"In the world there are around 160 million children who are engaged in labour, while there are nearly 200 million unemployed adults. Most of these adults are from families with more children. So this is like a cycle which has to be broken," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NREGA: Gadkari wants to change key ratio; 80% states not following it anywayUnion minister for rural development Nitin Gadkari proposed many broad changes in the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act in September.
 
The revisions ordered in the rural job guarantee programme — popularly known as MNREGA — included alteration of the ‘labour wage:material cost' ratio from 60:40 to 51:49.
 
Several economists have opposed this change and a debate is on. A look at data shows this debate may be pointless because many states are following their own ratio regardless of the Centre’s plan. 
 
What's this ratio?
 
The 'labour wage: material cost' ratio determines how much a labourer gets out of every rupee spent by the government in MNREGA projects. For example, if Rs. 100 is required to employ one worker per day, then, according to the 60:40 ratio, Rs. 60 will go to the labourer as wage and Rs. 40 will be used to buy materials for him to work.  
 
What's the debate?
 
Gadkari's proposal to change the ratio from 60:40 to 51:49 saw 28 economists jointly send a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi asking him not to dilute the act.
 
They opposed the change in ratio, arguing there was no evidence it would increase productivity.
 
Gadkari countered, in an interview to the Indian Express, “It (the decision) has been taken keeping Parliament in confidence and all parties have supported it. We wish to spend the money constructively and we need to do some value addition. After all, it’s government money.”
 
HT looked at the MNREGA data for 2014-15 and found 23 of India’s 29 states are not adhering to the existing 60:40 ratio.
 
Considering the pan-Indian scale in which the MNREGA is implemented, it is probably not possible to maintain this ratio accurately.  So, our analysis has an error margin of 5 percentage points.
 
Flouting by huge margin
 
The 23 states which flout the ratio have compromised hugely on material cost by increasing the labour wage to alarming levels.
 
For instance, the labour:material ratio in Tamil Nadu stands at 98:2 for 2014-15. It means that only 2% of the MNREGA budget has gone for procuring materials and the rest were all given out as wages. Another state which flouts this rule by a huge margin is Kerala where the ratio is 97:3. 
 
This suggests really low asset creation.
 
When asked whether states such as Tamil Nadu and Kerala have crossed the line, Abhiroop Mukhopadhyay of Indian Statistical Institute argued, "I would make it just like Tamil Nadu. I am indeed happy that some states have realised the importance (like TN) and use the money for labour payments."
 
The list of those straying from the existing labour:material ratio can be accessed here:
Is this debate needed?
 
With 80% of states deviating from Centre’s norm, why are left and right economists fighting over the ratio, which gets implemented only on paper and not on the field?
 
Mukhopadhyay concedes data proves the debate is pointless, but is quick to drive home his point of view.  
 
"I find the requirement to build productive assets a complete diversion of the main aim of the scheme, which is to give dole to unskilled labour since they cannot find work elsewhere."
 
Dr Kaustav Banerjee of the Jawaharlal Nehru University, however, differs.
 
"The MNREGA was designed to 'create sustainable assets' apart from guaranteeing employment. There are two things here, 'create', which could strictly be read to mean new assets, and 'sustainability'. New assets are not always necessary and hence the MNREGA could be used to renew/fortify older assets in which case the ratio of labour would be much higher than the prescribed ratio."
 
If the NDA government wants to improve productivity by increasing the ratio of material cost, then it must find a way to make states fall in line.

Modi s cabinet reshuffle soon; Goa CM Parrikar may get defenceModi's cabinet reshuffle likely on Sunday; Parrikar may get defence
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi , November 06, 2014
First Published: 11:23 IST(6/11/2014) | Last Updated: 16:48 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will likely reshuffle and expand his council of ministers on Sunday, with Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar tipped to get the key defence portfolio and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi set to return as a cabinet minister.
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar (L) took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. (Sameer Sehgal/HT File Photo)
TV channels reported Thursday morning that Modi met President Paranab Mukherjee amid the cabinet rejig buzz.
The long-awaited revamp of the team that has ruled India since late May will lighten the burden on some ministers, who hold more than one portfolio, and give the Prime Minister a chance to promote high achievers, while getting rid of a few who have failed to keep pace, government and BJP sources said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, who holds additional charge of the defence portfolio, had said early in his tenure that this was a temporary arrangement. The 58-year-old chief minister flew to Delhi early on Wednesday, after cancelling a meeting of his state cabinet, and met BJP chief Amit Shah and Modi.
“The Prime Minister did not talk about my joining the Cabinet; we discussed Goa issues,” he said, after meeting Modi. The likely move of the well-regarded chief minister to Delhi will leave the BJP with a big hole to plug in Goa, and party leaders were in discussions about his replacement.
However, Parrikar, who is tipped to be the defence minister, told ANI that he did not have a discussion on the issue. "Why put the horse before cart?" the news agency quoted him as saying.
I haven't had a discussion yet,why put the horse before cart: Manohar Parrikar on reports of joining Union Cabinet pic.twitter.com/C4aPHrSIYz
— ANI (@ANI_news) November 6, 2014
Naqvi, who was minister of state in the Vajpayee government, is likely to become minister in charge of statistics and planning, the sources said. His entry will provide the Cabinet another prominent Muslim face, after minority affairs minister Najma Heptullah.
Jayant Sinha, who holds a Harvard MBA and is the son of for mer finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is likely to be inducted as minister of state (MoS), either in the defence or finance ministry. Nirmala Sitharaman may be promoted from MoS to Cabinet minister, likely in charge of the commerce and industry ministry, and give up her current additional role as MoS in the finance ministry.
Haryana leader Birender Singh, who had crossed over from the Congress to the BJP ahead of the Haryana Assembly election, is understood to be in contention for a berth in the council of ministers. He is likely to get independent charge of a ministry.
BJP’s youth wing chief Anurag Thakur, a Lok Sabha MP from Himachal Pradesh, and Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, who was instrumental in uncovering the coal block scam, are other probable candidates.
Bihar MPs Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a Brahmin, and Giriraj Singh, a Bhumihar, are also aid to be serious contenders for a place in the council of ministers. MPs from Uttarakhand and West Bengal may miss the bus again, said sources. Modi is understood to be considering lightening the burden of some ministers holding more than one portfolio.
Ravi Shankar Prasad (law, communication & IT), Prakash Javadekar (I&B and environment), Nitin Gadkari (rural development, road transport & highway, panchayati raj and drinking water) and Piyush Goyal (power, coal, new and renewable energy) are among the ministers who hold multiple portfolios. Speculation is also rife about changes in Rail Bhawan and in Krishi Bhawan. Given the PM’s motto of “minimum government, maximum governance”, the sources ruled out any large scale expansion. Modi’s present team includes 22 cabinet ministers and an equal number of MoS.

Forbes  World s Most Powerful People 2014: PM Modi ranks 15Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is one of the 12 newcomers in the list, was ranked 15 and described him as a "Hindu nationalist". About the PM, Forbes said, "India's newest rock star doesn't hail from Bollywood."
PHOTO: Reuters

P&G  GE world s best firms in terms of leade...best firms
(No Indian company feature…)
NEW DELHI: Multinational consumer goods company Procter & Gamble has been named world's best company in terms of leadership followed by General Electric and Coca-Cola in the second and third place respectively, as per a Hay Group study.
The global management consulting firm today released its ninth annual Best Companies for Leadership Study and the Top 20 list on the basis of how these companies build and promote the development of great leaders.
Others in the top 10 list include IBM at the fourth place, followed by Unilever (5th), Intel (6th), McDonald's (7th), Samsung (8th), 3M (9th) and Hewlett-Packard (10th).
No Indian company feature in the list though almost all of them which find mention have significant presence in India.
The top 20 best companies for leadership also include PepsiCo (11th), Toyota (12th), Accenture (13th), Siemens (14th), Telefonica (15th), BASF (16th), Johnson & Johnson (17th), Citigroup (18th), IKEA (19th) and Pfzer (20th).
"This year's research shows that the world's leading organisations are purposefully developing leaders who will be able to drive innovation and transform their organisations," Hay Group's global managing director of Leadership and Talent practice Ruth Malloy said.
The report said around 80 per cent of the top 20 firms had established clear career paths for their employees, compared to only 48 per cent of all other companies.
"These best-in-class organisations are providing non -traditional, more diverse, career paths and training high -potential employees to meet specific business challenges and develop the skills required to help their organisations succeed in today's increasingly volatile, global environment," Malloy added.
At the top 20 companies, flexibility to respond to economic changes was identified as a top challenge for leaders over the next 12 months, along with the ability to capitalise on opportunities within emerging markets, the report said.
"Today, the capacity to meet challenges requires an unusual set of leadership skills and it is these traits that set the Best Companies for Leadership apart from the rest," Hay Group India Country Head Sridhar Ganesan said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lesson learnt: Arvind Kejriwal now says he will focus onDelhiPrint
Arvind Kejriwal said AAP was 'fully ready' to take the electoral plunge and identified BJP as its main opponent. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 4:04 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 4:29 pm
Bracing for the polls, Aam Aadmi Party Chief Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday said he will focus on Delhi for the next five to 10 years and any decision on fighting elections in other states will be taken only after people’s mandate in the capital.
The civil servent-turned politician, who faced severe criticism for quitting as Delhi Chief Minister in February, said AAP was “fully ready” to take the electoral plunge and identified BJP as its main opponent.
“We are only concentrating on Delhi. As far as I am concerned, I am going to focus on Delhi for next five to 10 years,” Kejriwal, who led AAP to a dream debut in the Assembly polls in December last year, said.
Noting that a strong base in the national capital was necessary for the party’s growth, the 46-year-old leader said any decision on fighting elsewhere will be taken after polls in Delhi.
“Till Delhi elections, we are not fighting in any other election. After polls here, the party will decide where to fight and where not to fight,” he told PTI.
The AAP leader also strongly rejected criticism that he does not know how to govern, saying people were amazed to see the speed at which the AAP government was taking decisions and corruption. We did it in 49 days. We know governance. They do not,” he said.

Hong Kong protest: Democracy protesters clash with HKpolicePrint
A pro-democracy protester is arrested by riot polices after police moved in the occupied area by the pro-democracy protesters in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong, early Friday, Oct. 17, 2014. Riot police moved in on a Hong Kong pro-democracy protest zone in a dawn raid on Friday, taking down barricades, tents and canopies that have blocked key streets for more than two weeks. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Hong Kong | Posted: November 6, 2014 4:00 pm
Pro-democracy protesters have clashed with police in Hong Kong for the first time in more than two weeks.
The skirmishes lasted about four hours early Thursday in the city’s bustling Mong Kok neighborhood. Police say they arrested three people.
Tensions remain high as thousands of people camp out on the streets of three busy neighborhoods, demanding open nominations in elections for the city’s leader. The protests erupted more than a month ago after Beijing ruled that a friendly committee would screen the candidates.
The newest skirmishes began when police attempted to arrest a man who was shining his cellphone light into officers’ eyes. Protesters responded by surging at police lines, unleashing running confrontations that left one protester bleeding from the head.

Blackmoney: Almost 289 accounts of HSBC list have no money  122 entries repeated twice  says SITreportBy: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 6, 2014 4:30 pm
The Special Investigation Team (SIT) on blackmoney has found that less than half of the HSBC bank list of over 600 accounts did not have any money while more than hundred names were duplicate entires, hampering the possibility of any action against them.
The Income Tax department is now mulling prosecution against 300 entities figuring in the list of 628 entries in the HSBC Geneva list given to the Supreme Court recently, official sources said.
The SIT found and reported that there was no amount shown in almost 289 HSBC Geneva entries, while 122 of them were repeated twice in the same list.
“The SIT found that the biggest impediment in taking action against the people listed in this particular lot was that there were no details about the operations of these accounts. It was not reflected in the list as to when these accounts were opened and what was their transaction history,”
the sources said.
The report of the SIT, headed by retired Supreme Court Judge M B Shah with Justice (retd) Arijit Pasayat as its Vice-Chairman, said the I-T department had undertaken 150 search or survey operations against those named in the list but prosecution proceedings were yet not final against them.
“Now that this list has been handed over to the apex Court and the cases are nearing time barring stage by the end of this fiscal, the department is mulling to launch prosecution in close to 300 cases,” they said.
The SIT has also sought “renegotiation” of various tax information exchange treaties which India has with various countries and tax haven nations in order to effectively curb the menace of illegal funds stashed abroad.

Sarosh Zaiwalla: The international arbitrator from IndiaMikhail Khodorkovsky
(Today, Sarosh says, Zaiwalla…)
At stake is $50 billion and the reputation of a government, and it could now rest on, among other people, a Parsi lawyer who was born and raised in Mumbai but who practises in the United Kingdom. The case goes back to 2003, when the Russian government arrested and later convicted Mikhail Khodorkovsky, owner of oil company Yukos, for tax fraud. Russia placed a Yukos subsidiary under the control of state oil major Rosneft, and Yukos went bankrupt. Its shareholders filed a case in an international tribunal, which ruled in July that Russia must pay $50 billion to Yukos.
It's the highest-ever amount awarded by the Permanent Court of Arbitration at The Hague. It could see assets of Russia and Rosneft being seized. In order to prevent such an eventuality, Rosneft has empanelled Zaiwalla and Co Solicitors, a London-based law firm that has a penchant for taking on cases others don't want to touch and whose speciality is international commercial arbitration and litigation. Declining to confirm this appointment, Sarosh Zaiwalla, who founded the firm in 1982, told ET, on phone from London: "My driving force is to do justice. I believe the law is for justice."
Today, Sarosh says, Zaiwalla and Co is a legal practice with 18 lawyers and annual revenues of about 4 million pounds (about Rs 40 crore). Sarosh's profile on his firm's website states he has been involved with over 1,000 international litigations and arbitrations in energy, maritime and construction sectors, in various capacities and degrees of responsibility, for companies and governments. He's represented the governments of India, China and Iran. All this has come not without a touch of colour or controversy. Big names — Rajiv Gandhi, Tony Blair and Dalai Lama, among others — come easy in any conversation with the 61-year-old Sarosh. He's been a central figure in messy British Parliament enquiries against two MPs, Keith Vaz and Tony Baldry.
His peers — ET spoke to six lawyers about Sarosh, four based in India and two in the UK — don't want to comment about him on record. "He forges relationships with unlikely people, and knows how to hold on to them. These are not people everyone would befriend," says a London-based lawyer who has sat across the table from Sarosh in some cases, on the condition of anonymity. "But whatever he may do, he is always on the big cases, and has a reputation to claw his way to becoming a significant participant."
Indian Connections
Forcing his way in has been a constant narrative in Sarosh's journey. He studied in Mumbai, first in St Xavier's High School and then in Government Law College, graduating in 1972. The youngest of five brothers (he also has a sister), he followed his father into the legal profession, but he chose to do so in London.
 
Sarosh found internship at a law firm, Stocken & Co. "My friend Bhagwan Hiranandani was at Stocken and Sarosh asked to be introduced to him," recalls Dinsoo Zaiwalla, one of Sarosh's brothers who still runs Zaiwalla and Co in Mumbai. Academically, there was nothing exceptional about Sarosh, Dinsoo adds, but he had a keen interest in politics even in his college years and was general secretary in college.
In 1975, he gave the solicitors' exam in London and interned at Stocken till July 78, when he got his licence. He started a new law firm in partnership with Gagrat and Co. However, a few years later, when he asked to be named partner, he was turned down. So, in 1982, he went solo and formed Zaiwalla & Co, specialising in maritime law.
"The secret of my success is I was never afraid of my Indian-ness," says Sarosh. "All other Indian lawyers that tried to launch firms anglicised the firm's name, if not also their own." Agrees Harish Salve, a lawyer in India's Supreme Court. "Running a nonanglicised firm by himself is an achievement in itself," he says.
Big League
For Sarosh, the breakout moment came when he met VA Seyid Muhammad, the Indian High Commissioner to the UK from 1980 to 1984. Zaiwalla was appointed as solicitor to the Indian government in London. Work came, lots of it. At the time, India was undergoing a famine, and the US was gifting grain under the PL 480 scheme. To avail of it, India had to charter around 300 ships each year. Most of them would have some issue, which would end up in London arbitration courts and Sarosh handling them.
Zaiwalla's induction for Government of India cases brought him to the attention of others of Indian descent seeking representation. Among them was Gopi Hinduja. And the Bachchan brothers, in the Bofors libel case against the Swedish newspaper, Dagens Nyheter. Recalling a case Sarosh fought for his company a few years ago in the International Chamber of Commerce, Deepak Dhawan, executive director of Indian Oil Corporation, says Zaiwalla's charges were lower than an English-bred firm and he was "effective in handling the case for us".

Europe s Border Crisiseurope s border crisis
WATCH: Tom Brokaw s Phone Rings On Air During Midterm Resultsreddit
It happens to the best of us, Tom.
While iconic newsman Tom Brokaw was discussing the Tuesday's midterm election results on MSNBC, a fire alarm-like sound began to blare. After a few moments of confusion, Brokaw realized the dreadful noise was actually his phone going off. Without missing a beat, though, he picked it up and pretended to be talking to his wife about grocery shopping.
"I will remember to bring home the milk," he quipped.
Watch the amusing exchange in the video above.
More:

Delhi assembly dissolved  by-elections cancelledPrint
New Delhi, Nov 5 (IANS) The Delhi assembly has been dissolved, it was announced Wednesday, and the Election Commission cancelled by-elections in three assembly constituencies in the capital.
The Election Commission had Oct 25 announced that Mehrauli, Tughlakabad and Krishna Nagar would go to the polls Nov 25. BJP legislators from the three places were elected to the Lok Sabha in May.
Delhi has been under President's rule since Feb 17 following the resignation of chief minister Arvind Kejriwal, who headed a minority Aam Aadmi Party government for 49 days.
A Rashtrapati Bhawan spokesperson said the president has signed the proclamation dissolving the Delhi assembly.
The union cabinet Tuesday recommended the dissolution of the 70-member Delhi assembly where no political party had enough numbers to form a stable government.
The decision was taken after leaders of the Bharatiya Janata party, AAP and the Congress told Lt. Governor Najeeb Jung that they wanted elections to end months of political uncertainty.
The Delhi election of December 2013 threw up a fractured mandate.
Recommend

Mercatus Center Program on Consumer Credit and the American EconomyComments
By Todd Zywicki November 5
On December 4, the Mercatus Center is hosting a program on “Consumer Credit and the American” economy. I will give some remarks but the real stars of the show are the two commenters: the Honorable Josh Wright, FTC Commissioner, and Steven Pearlstein, the Washington Post’s Pulitzer-prize winning business and economics columnist and Robinson Professor of Public and International Affairs at George Mason University.
Registration and other information is available here .

$85 000 fees award against lawyer-plaintiff for frivolous copyright suitBy Eugene Volokh November 5 Follow @volokhc
This happened in Choyce v. SF Bay Area Independent Media Center (N.D. Cal. Nov. 3, 2014) ; the court concluded that plaintiff didn’t even credibly allege that he owned the copyright in the work that defendants supposedly infringed — obviously, a necessary component of a copyright claim.
Here is what the court said about why plaintiff’s claim was “frivolous[]” and “objectively baseless,” which is relevant to whether a losing plaintiff should have to pay defendants’ attorney fees (one paragraph break added):
Plaintiff’s copyright claim was, to put it bluntly, objectively baseless. At the time Plaintiff filed his complaint, Plaintiff had not even applied for a copyright registration. The Court first dismissed the claim without prejudice, which should have given Plaintiff an opportunity to assess the strength of his claims, and take whatever steps were necessary to ensure that he had a valid claim to assert.
Instead, he filed a registration application which identified himself as the “author” of the image, which he knew he was not. And then, when faced with the argument that he still had no valid ownership interest in any copyright, he resorted to additional meritless arguments: that his registration was prima facie valid (which it was not) and that the image was a work made for hire (which was implausible, unsupported by any evidence, and did nothing to salvage the validity of the registration he had actually obtained).
The Ninth Circuit has upheld an award under the Copyright Act when a party “should have known from the outset that its chances of success … were slim to none.” Had Plaintiff’s counsel consulted even basic authority regarding copyright law, he would have and should have known that he had no basis to bring a copyright action even against the Doe Defendants who had used the image (to say nothing of Indybay and Layer42). In asserting claims under a statute with a fee-shifting provision, he continued to press his claim at his peril.
And here’s the court’s summary of the litigation:
This motion arises out of a civil action by Plaintiff Dionne Choyce …, in which he brought federal copyright and state-law defamation causes of action against Defendants SF Bay Area Independent Media Center … and Layer42.net, Inc. …, among other defendants. He alleged that Layer42 provided internet connectivity, hosting and infrastructure to a website operated by Indybay on which unknown Doe Defendants posted false and defamatory articles about him, including a graphic image of him taken from his law firm’s website. Additional facts are described in the Court’s December 2, 2013 and June 2, 2014 orders . After dismissing the initial complaint without prejudice and granting Plaintiff leave to file a First Amended Complaint (“FAC”), the Court then granted Defendants’ motions to dismiss with prejudice, finding as follows:
The FAC, like its predecessor, fails to allege that Plaintiff applied for a copyright in the allegedly copyrighted image. The FAC must be dismissed again for this reason. In his opposition, Plaintiff has attached a Proposed Second Amended Complaint (“PSAC”), in which he finally alleges that he has applied for a copyright, and limits his asserted remedies to those available for post-infringement registration, as the Court previously ordered. The question is whether the Court should provide a second opportunity to amend by allowing Plaintiff to file the PSAC….
Plaintiff makes an unconvincing attempt to blame his adversary for his failure to amend, arguing that Layer42 filed a request for attorney’s fees which required opposition over the holiday season, and this task apparently distracted Plaintiff’s counsel from adding an allegation to the FAC that Plaintiff had applied for a copyright. This argument is particularly unpersuasive given the fact that Layer42’s counsel offered a stipulation to Plaintiff’s counsel to alter the deadlines to avoid the holiday season, and received no response. Plaintiff acknowledges that the failure to amend was due to “oversight” on his part….
Even if the Court were to consider the PSAC, it would not salvage Plaintiff’s copyright claim. A copyright infringement plaintiff “bears the burden of proving copyright ownership.” The PSAC makes the conclusory legal conclusion that “[a]mong the exclusive rights granted to Plaintiff under the Copyright Act are the exclusive rights to reproduce the Copyrighted Work and to distribute the Copyrighted Work to the public.” But this legal assertion is not a well-pled factual allegation whose truth the Court must accept at the pleading stage.
“Under the copyright laws, the registration of a copyright certificate constitutes prima facie evidence of the validity of a copyright in a judicial proceeding commenced within five years of the copyright’s first publication.” The PSAC alleges that the Copyright Office issued Plaintiff a registered copyright in the image on October 23, 2013, after the first motion to dismiss in this actionSince Plaintiff has used the image in his marketing since 2005, he cannot avail himself of this prima facie presumption.
The PSAC therefore must contain additional well-pled factual allegations from which it is plausible to conclude that Plaintiff himself owns a valid copyright in the photographic image. But, as Plaintiff’s counsel acknowledged at oral argument, and as Plaintiff himself has testified in a sworn declaration, the image was not created by Plaintiff; it is an image of Plaintiff. It was taken by a professional photographer. Therefore, any copyright in the image “vests initially in the author or authors of the work,” which would be the photographer of the image, not Plaintiff. Even if the Court gave Plaintiff leave to file the PSAC, it would still fail to state a claim for copyright infringement, rendering leave to amend futile.
Nonetheless, out of an abundance of caution, the Court has further considered the possibility that Plaintiff might be able to finally plead a viable copyright claim if given a fourth opportunity to do so. Faced with Indybay’s arguments that he is not the author of the image, Plaintiff stated in his opposition brief that, if the PSAC also fails to state a claim for copyright infringement, further “leave to amend should be granted” to allege facts that state a claim.
But in his brief, Plaintiff does not even hint at what facts he would plead in a Second Proposed Second Amended Complaint that would salvage his claim. He provides no explanation of how he owns the rights to the image. He does not state that he acquired the rights from the original photographer, and neither does he explain that the work was made for hire. And he does not explain how he could have a valid registration in an image he did not author, since the certificate of registration he obtained in the copyright states that he, himself, is the “author.” …
But — again, out of an abundance of caution — at oral argument the Court gave Plaintiff’s counsel a second opportunity to explain why the Court should give him a fourth opportunity to replead. Plaintiff’s counsel explained that the image was, contrary to the certificate of registration Plaintiff obtained, actually a “work made for hire,” and that Plaintiff will at some point apply to the Copyright Office to correct his certificate. But a work made for hire is, with exceptions not here relevant, “a work prepared by an employee within the scope of his or her employment.” For this category to apply, the photographer must be a regular employee rather than an independent contractor or a specially commissioned photographer. It simply is not plausible to infer that when Plaintiff “started [his] own practice as an attorney in or about 2005,” and “had a professional photograph taken of [him],” he employed a professional photographer as a member of his regular staff.
This action has been pending for nearly a year, and Plaintiff has yet to plead a valid federal cause of action in any of his proposed complaints, or explain how he might at any point in the foreseeable future. Given the numerous opportunities Plaintiff has had to state a claim of copyright infringement, and Plaintiff’s failure to explain to the Court how the copyright claim might be rendered plausible on further amendment, the Court concludes that further leave to amend would be futile. Since there has been unjustified and undue delay, because the Court previously granted leave to amend, and because the Court needs to control the pace of its docket, further leave to amend will not be provided. The copyright claim is dismissed with prejudice.
Since the only jurisdiction Plaintiff invoked over the action was federal-question jurisdiction over to the copyright claim, the Court declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over Plaintiff’s state-law claims and closed the file….
The court also rejected plaintiff’s argument that “the Court’s ruling that Plaintiff failed under FRCP 12(b)(6) to allege facts sufficient to state an infringement claim is nothing more than a de minimis victory on a technical point”; the court concluded that,
Defendants obtained dismissal with prejudice of the copyright claim. This altered the “legal relationship of the parties.” It is an “enforceable judgment on the merits,” since Defendants will presumably be able to rely on it if sued again for their alleged actions infringing on Plaintiff’s copyright.
The court awarded the defendants 75 percent of their requested fees and costs, for a total of over $85,000.
Thanks to the Media Law Resource Center MediaLawDaily for the pointer.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Bharti Airtel s Rs.700-cr Loop Mobile takeover offBharti Airtel s Rs.700-cr Loop Mobile takeover off
http://usat.ly/1wyGxHqWhat the election means for your money
By: Adam Shell November 5, 2014 9:54 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The midterm election is in the history books. And the Republicans were big winners. Is the GOP sweep good news for your money, too?
The Republican landslide, which gave it full control of both chambers of Congress, does matter to markets.
But, “we wouldn’t say this election is a game changer,” says Bob Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen Asset Management. He dubs the change in the U.S. political landscape a “modest shift.”
The reason: While the balance of power shifted, it was a modest shift. And there’s no guarantee that any new business-friendly legislation passed by the GOP-controlled Congress next year will be signed into law by President Obama.
“It’s an open question whether he signs such legislation and the extent to which Republicans and the president work together,” Doll adds.
One hour into today’s trading on Wall Street the Dow Jones industrial average was up modestly, rising 37 points, or 0.2%, to 17,421.
Main Street cast their votes for change Tuesday night. Now it’s Wall Street’s turn to vote with its wallet.
Wall Street, of course, will be waiting to see if any legislation changes occur next year when the new Republican-controlled Congress duels with the Democrat Obama in the White House.
Wall Street views the Republican party as more business-friendly, given the party’s well-known distaste for taxes and laws and regulations that hinder the growth of the economy and that hinder the profitability of U.S. companies.
While the election results might not be a game-changer, it does open the door for policy changes, new laws and other moves that could affect businesses – and specific sectors of the economy.
“The long-awaited expansion of the Keystone Pipeline would likely be high on the agenda,” says Doll, adding that if Obama approves such a move it would be a “boon to energy and infrastructure companies.”
There will also be a push to repeal the tax on medical devices, which would benefit that industry. Faster adoption of liquefied natural gas exports is also likely to be on Republican radar screens, as is increased defense spending, Doll says.
Other key issues that will be in the spotlight include tax reform, especially at the corporate level; energy policy as the nation becomes more energy-independent; not to mention legislation pertaining to health care, financial regulation, trade agreements and immigration.
But midterm elections tend to be bullish for stocks. The benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 stock index has performed much better in the final quarter of the year after a midterm vote. In the past 80 years, stocks have risen 2% in November and 1.8% in December during midterm election years, according to data from Strategas Research Partners. See chart below:
Strategas Research Partners
And the third year of the four-year presidential cycle is the most bullish of all. Since 1950, the U.S. stock market has rallied 18.7%, on average, in the third year of a president’s term.
Strategas Research Partners

Lenovo Q2 profit surges 19%  revenue lags estimatesLenovo Q2 profit surges 19 per cent, revenue lags estimates
Gerry Shih     Beijing   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 13:13 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Lenovo Group, the world's largest personal computers (PCs) maker, reported a 19 per cent jump in net income in the second fiscal quarter, but revenue fell short of analyst expectations, sending the company's shares lower in foreign markets.
The Chinese technology firm, which has been muscling its way into the smartphone market, said its revenue for the quarter climbed up by 7 per cent to US $10.5 billion, but sales from its mobile device division plunged 6 per cent to US $1.4 billion.
Still, the Beijing-based company, tightened its hold over global PC sales even as the broader market shrunk. Sales of both laptops and desktop computers rose 0.9 per cent and 6.4 per cent, respectively.
Lenovo's net income stood at US $262 million, exceeding the US $260 million expected by analysts, according to Thomson Reuters SmartEstimates.
The tech firm also announced a dividend payment of HK $0.06 (US $0.0077) per share to stockholders.
Lenovo is now ramping up its assault on new product markets after closing two multi-billion-dollar acquisitions in recent weeks, for IBM's low-end server business and Google's Motorola Mobility handset unit.
The company additionally named Jerry Yang, the Yahoo co-founder, to its board of directors. Yang, who is also an Alibaba Group Holding director, formerly served as a Lenovo board observer.
Shares of Lenovo shed 2.46 per cent in Thursday afternoon trade, compared with a 0.1 per cent decline in the benchmark Hang Seng index.
(Reuters)

Government asks UIDAI and NPR to complete Aadhaar enrolments by MarchYou are here: Home > Collections
Government asks UIDAI and NPR to complete Aadhaar enrolments by March
PTI Nov 6, 2014, 02.09PM IST
Tags:
attendance system
(UIDAI has already geared…)
NEW DELHI: In order to extend the use of Aadhaar number to various social welfare schemes, government has asked the Unique Identification Authority and the National Population Register to complete the enrolment of the entire population by March.
"The Prime Minister's Office has directed UIDAI and the NPR to complete the enrolment of the entire population by March," a source said.
According to him, the direction was given during a review meeting of the Aadhaar project last month. Earlier too, the government had advanced the deadline for completing this task to June from December next year.
UIDAI has already issued 70 crore Aadhaar numbers to residents across the country. Nine states, including Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Delhi, Himachal Pradesh, have crossed 90 per cent Aadhaar coverage, while 16 states have over 70 per cent coverage, said a press statement by UIDAI.
Aadhaar enrolments in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Uttarakhand and Chhattisgarh are going on at a fast pace.
These four states with a combined population of about 34 crore were added earlier this year to UIDAI's mandate by the government. Aadhaar numbers have been issued to 8.93 crore residents in these states, which is 26 per cent of the target population.
Over 25,000 Aadhaar enrolment kits are operational across the country as on date, including both camp mode and Permanent Enrolment Centres, with a total output of approximately 10 lakh enrolments per day.
UIDAI has already geared up its processing capabilities to achieve the targets and has the capacity to process around 15 lakh enrolment packets every day.
In the recent months, government has provided fresh impetus to the UIDAI by linking Aadhaar to various schemes and initiatives, including the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), MGNREGS , Pensions , Scholarships , DBTL , UAN (EPFO) , PDS , Passports , Attendance system in government offices etc.
Aadhaar facilitates "anytime, anywhere" online authentication of a resident through universal verification of identity based on the demographic and biometric information of an individual, eliminating any chances of duplication or fraud.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GlaxoSmithKline Pharma Q3 net profit rises 27%GlaxoSmithKline Pharma Q3 net profit rises 27%
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 14:34 IST
GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals on Thursday reported 27.45 per cent rise in its standalone net profit at Rs 128.67 crore for the third quarter ended September.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 100.95 crore for the corresponding period of the previous fiscal, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals said in a filing to the BSE.
Standalone total income from operations also rose to Rs 746.76 crore for the quarter under consideration from Rs 626.65 crore for the same period year-ago, it added.
The company follows January-December financial year.
Established in 1924 in India, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals ' product portfolio includes prescription medicines and vaccines.
The company's prescription medicines range across therapeutic areas such as anti-infectives, dermatology, gynaecology, diabetes, oncology, cardiovascular disease and respiratory diseases.

Primary school teacher arrested for allegedly sexually molesting 32 girlsPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: November 6, 2014 2:23 pm | Updated: November 7, 2014 2:26 am
A 30-year-old primary school teacher at a government school in Champhai district of Mizoram has been arrested for allegedly sexually abusing 32 students in the last three years.
Two sets of parents filed separate FIRs with the police on Tuesday, alleging that the accused molested their daughters in the classroom and the school office several times before threatening them against speaking about the incidents.
One of the FIRs alleged that one girl started bleeding from her private parts after she was molested.
Champhai Superintendent of Police John Laldina said the accused, Lalhmingmawia, was recruited by the village council in 2012 since the school did not have a teacher.
“Our investigations show that Lalhmingmawia molested up to 32 girls aged between eight and 12 over the past three years. We have questioned him and many parents of children who attend the school,” said Laldina, adding that the accused was being brought to district capital Champhai for further investigations.
Lalhmingmawia has been arrested and charged under IPC sections 376 clauses 2, 1, (k), IPC 506 and section 6 of the Prevention of Crimes Against Children Act.

Cautionary Tales From People Obsessed With Candy CrushAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Final call on Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal this m...CCI
(Announcing the public scrutiny…)
NEW DELHI: Competition Commission is likely to finalse this month its decision on the $ 4 billion Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal -- the first M&A transaction to have gone through public scrutiny amid concerns of adverse impact on fair competition in the market.
The big-ticket deal, which would create the country's largest pharmaceutical company, has come under close scrutiny of CCI after it was found prima-facie that the "combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition".
The Competition Commission of India , which is mandated to keeps a tab on unfair trade practices in the market place across sectors, is expected to take a final decision on the Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal this month, a senior official said.
The public scrutiny of the deal, which would create the fifth largest specialty generics company in the world, ended on September 24. Major issues being examined by CCI on the deal are with respect to the molecules market.
The combined entity would have operations in 65 countries, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, and a significant platform of specialty and generic products marketed globally. The deal, announced in April this year, is also the first one where the Commission sought public comments.
Announcing the public scrutiny process on September 4, CCI had said that the comments should be submitted to it within 15 working days. They were to be submitted along with supporting documents on the way the merger can adversely impact the person or the entity concerned.
The public consultation process was launched in order to determine whether the combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India.
"The Commission formed a prima facie opinion that the combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition and accordingly directed Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy (Parties) to publish details of the combination within ten working days for bringing the combination to the knowledge or information of the public and persons affected or likely to be affected by such combination," it had said.
Prior to that, the fair trade watchdog had asked the two pharma majors to make public specific details of their proposed merger.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s gas deficit to continue on new policyYou are here: Home > Collections
'India's gas deficit to continue on unimpressive new policy'
PTI Nov 6, 2014, 04.23PM IST
Tags:
Bay of Bengal
(Existing gas discoveries…)
NEW DELHI: India's natural gas deficit and its reliance on imports will continue as the just announced gas pricing policy with its low rates and lack of roadmap to free pricing may not revitalise near stagnant exploration and production, a research report said today.
Existing gas discoveries in deepsea areas of Bay of Bengal are not viable at the new gas price of $ 5.61 per million British thermal unit, which is just 33 per cent higher than old rate of $ 4.2, it added.
"The new gas pricing policy is unlikely to revitalise Indian exploration and production (E&P)," Kuala Lumpur-based CIMB Group said in its report on India's oil and gas scenario.
Besides raising price of gas from existing fields, the government had also on October 18 announced that a yet-to-be- determined premium will be paid for new discoveries in deepwater and difficult projects.
"The exclusion of existing deepwater fields from premium pricing may hamper the production prospects of some key Krishna Godavari basin blocks.
"The lack of a roadmap to free gas pricing, possibility of internal rate of return (IRR)-based application of pricing premium and Government of India's differentiation between reasonable and windfall profits (perhaps erroneous) may fail to boost exploration," it said.
Stating that existing deepwater gas discoveries, mostly in the KG basin, are not viable at the new gas price of $ 5.61, CIMB Group said, "the denial of premium pricing to the existing discovered fields may have rendered the development of these fields uncertain."
In the past, the absence of commercially viable gas prices had not only discouraged high-risk new exploration activity but also hindered the development of some of the existing discoveries, such as the satellite fields in the Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 block.
"Building a 3 per cent natural decline rate to the existing production of 88 million standard cubic meters per day, we estimate that India's total gas production, including the new gas discoveries, can reach about 154-155 mmscmd by 2020-21 - still unlikely to surpass the previous peak of 155 mmscmd achieved in March 2010," CIMB said.
It said its "study indicates that India's gas deficit is unlikely to improve over the next 5-6 years implying that reliance on (imported) liquefied natural gas (LNG) is unlikely to abate."
In the nine New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) rounds since 1999, 131 discoveries have been reported in 41 blocks, 86 (2/3rd) of which are gas discoveries that will require higher gas prices and greater scale of operations to be viable, it said.
CIMB said 15 years since the launch of the NELP, under which 254 blocks or areas were awarded to firms like RIL and ONGC for exploring and producing oil and gas, just one block is materially producing and only 9 others have substantial production prospects.
As many as 133 blocks have already been relinquished. "While NELP started on a positive note with three big discoveries in the very first round, things have since dried up," it said, adding that block data suggests India's geology is at best moderate, if not poor.
"That said, India's rather indifferent policy environment has compounded the geological problems and driven away both global and Indian private players.
"The lack of marketing freedom (especially for gas), excessive government oversight, bureaucratic delays and Government's focus on its revenue maximisation at the cost of exploration maximisation are the key reasons behind the modest returns from NELP," it said.
Besides low formulaic gas pricing ($ 5.6) and lack of roadmap to free pricing in the new policy, government's failure to recognise high failure rates in E&P in assessing "reasonable profits" may fail to boost exploration, the report added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ONGC  Reliance Industries disclose tax payments abroad: TransparencyInternationalPrint
New Delhi/berlin | Posted: November 6, 2014 4:55 pm
ONGC and Reliance Industries are the only two Indian companies that disclose tax payments in almost all the foreign countries where they operate, says a report.
According to a report by Transparency International, the world’s biggest companies disclose little or no financial details about their operations outside their home country.
Ninety of the 124 companies assessed do not disclose the taxes they pay in foreign countries, while 54 disclose no information on their revenues in other countries, it said.
Only BHP Billiton, Statoil and Indian firms ONGC and Reliance Industries disclose tax payments in almost all the foreign countries where they operate, the report added.
Two Indian companies Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Ltd (ONGC) and Reliance Industries have performed well. ONGC is the first PSU to adopt IP by entering into MoU with Transparency International India (TII).
RIL is ranked at ninth position, while ONGC is at 26th place among the 124 companies list. RIL has scored 5.6 out of ten, while ONGC has scored 4.8, as per the report.
The report, Transparency in Corporate Reporting, analysed 124 companies from the Forbes list of the world’s biggest publicly-traded companies.
The companies, whose combined market value is more than USD 14 trillion, are ranked on the basis of their reporting of the measures they take to prevent corruption, information about subsidiaries and holdings and key financial information about overseas operations.
“We need more transparency from multinational companies, whose power in the world economy closely rivals the biggest countries,” said Transparency International Chair, José Ugaz.
“With greater economic power comes greater responsibility. Bad corporate behaviour creates corruption that causes poverty and instability. By not responding to people’s demands for greater transparency and accountability, companies risk harming their brand and losing customers,” Ugaz said.
The Berlin-based anti-corruption watchdog has named Bank of China, Honda Motor, Bank of Communications, Agricultural Bank of China and Sberbank as the five least transparent companies.
Italy’s Eni, Britain’s Vodafone and Norway’s Statoil are at the top.
“Companies have to provide more information on their financial operations. Transparency allows citizens to find out the extent of a company’s operations in their country. It is also essential to follow money flows between governments and companies, which can be subject to corruption,” Ugaz added.

Situation tense in KashmirUpdated: November 6, 2014 17:20 IST
Situation tense in Kashmir
PTI A security jawan stands guard during a curfew following the killing of two youth allegedly in Army firing, in Srinagar on Wednesday
TOPICS
crisis
"There were some clashes but the situation is under control now," a police spokesman said.
Clashes broke out on Thursday between angry youths and police even as the situation continued to remain tense in Nowgam area of Srinagar city following killing of two youths in army firing in Budgam district of central Kashmir earlier this week.
“There were some clashes but the situation is under control now,” a police spokesman said.
He said there were no restrictions in the area but security forces have been deployed in strength as a precautionary measure to maintain law and order.
Two youths were killed in army firing at Chattergam in Budgam on Monday, while another two were injured. All the four were residents of Nowgam.
Authorities had imposed curfew-like restrictions in the area and parts of Srinagar following the killings which evoked widespread condemnation from various quarters, including the mainstream political parties.

Singapore Airlines downbeat on prospects despite Q2 profit jumpSingapore Airlines downbeat on prospects despite Q2 profit jump
Jet Airways bans transport of shark finsJet Airways bans transport of shark fins
Pfizer Q2 loss at Rs 11.83 crorePfizer Q2 loss at Rs 11.83 crore
Here s How Your Bank Interest Is Taxed In IndiaHere s How Your Bank Interest Is Taxed In India
Tech-friendly  Indians more willing to use  digital wallets  than US  UK internet counterpartsTech-friendly  Indians more willing to use  digital wallets  than US  UK internet counterparts
Russia extends support to Indian companiesRussia extends support to Indian companies
PRECIOUS-Gold ticks up as dollar eases  but still near 4-1/2 year lowPRECIOUS-Gold ticks up as dollar eases  but still near 4-1/2 year low
2 Indian CEOs  Nadella among world s most powerful peopleHi Guest
2 Indian CEOs, Nadella among world's most powerful people
Image: Mukesh Ambani with wife Nita. Photograph: Sandeep Pal     These people have the power that "shapes and bends the world, and moves people, markets, armies and minds,” says Forbes magazine about the the world’s 72 most powerful people. In the list which has politicians, corporate bigwigs and heads of government organisations, there are 39 successful CEOs who control over $3.6 trillion in annual revenues.  Fourteen of these business heads are founders of companies ...

It s showtime again for Steve Dahl on WLSIt’s showtime again for Steve Dahl on WLS
posted on
Tweet
Steve Dahl
Monday marks Steve Dahl’s return as afternoon personality on WLS AM 890 — and a comeback to terrestrial radio that many of his fans probably thought would never happen.
“I’m excited for it,” Dahl said Thursday. “It’s been six years since I last had my own radio show. I’m pretty sure it’s like riding a bicycle, but I’m going to wear a helmet just in case.”
Airing from 2 to 6 p.m. weekdays on the Cumulus Media news/talk station, Dahl’s new show will feature musician Dag Juhlin and producer Brendan Greeley as regulars, along with news anchor Jennifer Keiper and traffic reporter Christina Filiaggi. He’ll broadcast each day from WLS studios at 190 North State Street, which also is the headquarters of ABC-owned WLS-Channel 7 (soon to be the new home of a certain meteorologist ).
“I’m hoping to run into Cheryl Scott in the lobby,” Dahl said.
According to the three-year deal he signed earlier this month, the Chicago radio legend will continue to host a separate daily podcast for paid subscribers to the Steve Dahl Network, with Cumulus Media partnering in the venture he launched in August 2011. But it’s Dahl’s return to afternoons on WLS — where he and former partner Garry Meier reigned supreme from 1981 to 1986 — that probably will be watched most closely.
Based on the final ratings for his predecessors, Roe Conn and Richard Roeper, Dahl may have nowhere to go but up: In the last month of “Roe & Roeper,” WLS finished 24th in afternoons with a 1.5 percent audience share. Among listeners between 25 and 54 — a key demo for advertisers — the station tied for 26th in afternoons with a 1.3 share.
What are Dahl’s goals? “I’m shooting for at least 23rd overall and 25th adults 25-54.”
PREVIOUS POST

Sears and Kmart Open Earlier On Thanksgivingsears and kmart open earlier on thanksgiving
http://usat.ly/1wt6DvEHow one fund turned a 4% loss into a 96% gain
By: John Waggoner November 3, 2014 4:58 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
How can you turn a 4% loss into a 96% gain? Only through the wonder of explosively constructed exchange-traded funds.
Frantzesco Kangaris/Bloomberg
Gold got hammered last month, falling to $1,164.25 on Oct. 31 from $1,216.50 the last trading day of September – a 4% decline. And that was the basis for the Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X fund’s 96% gain in October.
Here’s how it works.
One way to leverage gold – that is, boost gains on the way up and losses on the way down – is to buy shares of gold-mining stocks. Consider a company that could get gold out of the ground for $1,000 an ounce. At $1,200 an ounce, the company makes a $200 profit.
Now suppose gold rises to $1,300 an ounce – an 8.3% gain. For the mining company, however, earnings have risen to $300 from $200, which is a 50% increase. In theory, the stock’s value should rise far more than gold.
Going in the other direction, the results aren’t as happy. If gold fell to $1,200 from $1,300, a bullion investor would be down 7.7%, but the mining company would see earnings tumble 33%.
Smaller mining companies tend to be more volatile than larger ones, so if you want to be really risky, you can invest in the so-called junior mining companies. These may have to borrow extensively to get the gold out of the ground.
You’d expect junior gold stocks to fall more than larger gold stocks when the price of gold falls, and you’d be right. The Market Vectors Junior Gold Miners ETF fell 25.8% in October.
So how do you turn that frown upside down and turn it to insanely giddy laughter? Create a fund that bets that junior gold miners will fall – taking a short position, in Wall Street parlance. Then use futures and options to boost returns (and losses) even further, so much so that for every 1% the junior miners index falls, the fund rises 3%.
And that’s what Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X fund does. Is this a fund you should consider? Absolutely not, unless you feel that you just have too darn much money. When the price of gold turns around, the fund could lose money just as fast as it gains it.

Expect MMTC to Double in 2-3 Years: G ChokkalingamYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Expect MMTC to Double in 2-3 Years: G Chokkalingam
Published On:                  November  5, 2014                 | Duration: 10 min, 42 sec
Tweet
G Chokkalingam, founder of Equinomics Research & Advisory, says MMTC shares are expected to touch Rs 90-100 levels in the near term. The company is seen recovering the over Rs 200 crore lost in the NSEL scam in the medium to long term, he adds.

Whole Foods 4Q Profit Tops ExpectationsAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Bengaluru tagged  rape city   Karnataka HM protests  slams mediaMamata Banerjee hits back at Sushma Swaraj, says constitution is 'Holy Book' in democracy
Facing heat over increasing sexual assaults of minor girls in schools, Karnataka Home Minister K J George waded into a controversy as he blamed the media for highlighting “only such news” and projecting Bengaluru as “a rape city” to increase TRP ratings.
“What has happened to the media is you want only such news, you are showing only such news to increase your TRP. Show good news, it will be good,” George told reporters here.
His remarks came when questioned about a spate of sexual assault incidents in schools here grabbing national headlines with four cases involving minor girls occurring in as many months, evoking public outrage and protests.
Asked if he wants the media to refrain from publishing such news, he said “I’m responding to your question- that such news has grabbed national headlines….”
“I have told in detail several times that after Nirbhaya case Sec 376 (relating to rape) has got a wider definition, and the incidents happening within the school premises should be stopped by school managements. When complaints have come we have acted.”
“Projecting Bengaluru as rape city and putting people of Karnataka in a bad light, we have objections to it,” he said, as the government came under fire over the recurrence of sexual assaults on minor girls in schools.
In July, Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah had courted a controversy over the alleged rape of a six-year-old girl in a city private school, as he asked the media if it did not have any other issue.
“Except that, don’t you have any other issue? Is this the only news you have?” Siddaramaiah had snapped back at reporters who sought to know the latest on the case that had evoked public outrage and drawn criticism of his government for not acting swiftly.
TAGS: Bengaluru K J George Karnataka Home Minister Rape City
More from miscellaneous
Sushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture Pushing for declaring Bhagwad Gita as a national scripture, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj today said only a formal announcement...

European bourses cool ahead of ECB© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/428d17ca-6562-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AstraZeneca promotes standalone prospectsAstraZeneca aims to ward off Pfizer by highlighting ‘tax inversion’ risks
Andrew Ward
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9cb0ca98-6586-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GVK Bio acquires US-based Vanta BioscienceGVK Bio acquires US-based Vanta Bioscience
PTI     Hyderabad    Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 16:03 IST
Contract research firm GVK Bio on Thursday signed a definitive agreement to acquire Vanta Bioscience for an undisclosed sum.
The US-headquartered Vanta Bioscience offers toxicology evaluation services for pharmaceutical, biotech, food supplements and feed additives industries.
"The acquisition is in line with our business strategy of being an integrated drug discovery services provider for our customers. We are constantly investing in upgrading our capabilities to provide world-class R&D services. Vanta Bioscience further advances our position as we expand our service offering in GLP (good laboratory practice) toxicology," said GVK Bio CEO Manni Kantipudi.
Vanta Bioscience vice president and general manager Gerard Schwickerath said, "Vanta Bioscience team is pleased that the world-class research GLP and AAALAC accredited organisation will continue under the direction of GVK Bio. We are delighted to transition into an organisation that can expand our offerings and provide further opportunities to our clients and staff."

ITC to set up food processing park in TelanganaYou are here: Home > Collections > Telangana
ITC likely to set up food processing park in Telangana
PTI Nov 6, 2014, 04.14PM IST
Tags:
IT minister
(Rao said the govt has already…)
HYDERABAD: ITC Limited has shown interest in setting up a food processing park in Telangana , state IT Minister K T Rama Rao said here today.
He said the government has cleared a proposal by the hotel division of the multi-business conglomerate for setting up a five-star hotel in Madhapur area, the IT hub of the state capital.
"They (ITC) have approached us with a proposal for setting up a food processing park. We suggest them to set it up at Gajwel as it is nearer to the state capital and more apt," Rao told reporters on the sidelines of a national conference on packaging.
The minister, however, did not disclose the investment proposal by ITC, saying that talks are still in preliminary stages.
Rao further said that ITC Group would be pumping in around Rs 700 crore for the proposed hotel.
He said the government has already received proposals for expansion of ITC's existing paper plant at Bhadrachalam with an investment of Rs 3,000 crore.
Earlier, speaking at the two-day 'National Summit on Packaging for Tomorrow', Rao said his government is keen to work with corporates in waste management and recycling.
In his address, Dr Reddy's Laboratories Chairman K Satish Reddy said packaging innovations in pharmaceutical industry should be patient-friendly.
FEATURED ARTICLES

26/11 call record case: Mumbai police gets govt nod to moveHCPrint
The State Chief Information Commissioner, had initiated a judicial inquiry against Police Commissioner Rakesh Maria in connection with the alleged discrepancies in the 26/11 call records. (source: PTI photo/file)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 6, 2014 5:16 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 5:19 pm
In a relief to Mumbai Police Commissioner Rakesh Maria, the  Maharashtra government has allowed city police to move the Bombay High Court to challenge an order passed by the State Chief Information Commissioner, who initiated a judicial inquiry against him in connection with the alleged discrepancies in the 26/11 call records.
“The government has given permission to go and appeal in the Bombay High Court (against the order of the CIC),” Maria told PTI.
An affidavit in this regard would be filed soon after consulting the lawyers concerned, the top cop said.
The city police had approached the State Home Department seeking permission to challenge Chief Information Commissioner Ratnakar Gaikwad’s July order in court.
The transparency watchdog had asked the state government to institute an inquiry headed by a sitting or retired judge under Commission of Inquiry Act to go into why “misleading” information was provided to Vinita Kamte, wife of slain IPS officer Ashok Kamte, by Maria.
“Considering the information available, it looks like in this matter misleading information was provided, deliberately no information was shared or information was destroyed, delays were caused in providing information etc. And the commission agrees with the doubts raised by the complainant (Vinita Kamte),” Gaikwad had said in a scathing  three-page order passed on July 9.
“Hence, I order the state government through the Chief Secretary to initiate an inquiry under the Commission of Enquiry Act 1952 headed by a sitting or retired judge,” the order of the CIC had said.
Maria as Joint Commissioner of Police (Crime Branch) had led the probe into the brazen terror assault launched by 10 Pakistani terrorists  on November 26, 2008 and was heading the police control room for some time during the 72-hour siege.
Vinita Kamte had under RTI sought call logs of wireless conversations between the control room and Kamte’s van in which he was killed with Maharashtra ATS chief Hemant Karkare and encounter specialist Vijay Salaskar.
She had alleged the details were first denied to her. However, when information was provided in November 2009 and February 2010, there were “serious discrepancies”.

GlaxoSmithKline Pharma Q3 Net Up 27 Per Cent at Rs 128.67 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
GlaxoSmithKline Pharma Q3 Net Up 27 Per Cent at Rs 128.67 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 16:06 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals on Thursday reported a 27.45 per cent rise in standalone net profit at Rs 128.67 crore for the third quarter ended September 2014.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 100.95 crore for the corresponding period a year ago, it said in a filing to the BSE.
Standalone total income from operations also rose to Rs 746.76 crore for the quarter under consideration from Rs 626.65 crore for the same period year-ago, it added.
The company follows January-December cycle as financial year.
Established in 1924 in India, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals' product portfolio includes prescription medicines and vaccines.
The company's prescription medicines range across therapeutic areas such as anti-infectives, dermatology, gynaecology, diabetes, oncology, cardiovascular disease and respiratory diseases.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 14:29 (IST)

Shell is now BMWs recommended oilsupplierWith this partnership, Shell will become the recommended manufacturer and supplier for aftermarket engine oils for all BMW brands.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 5:28 pm
Shell Lubricants has partnered with BMW, becoming the official supplier for service oil fills for BMW cars. The deal means that Shell will provide oil for BMW service centres in more than 140 countries, including India, from January 2015.
With this partnership, Shell will become the recommended manufacturer and supplier for aftermarket engine oils for all BMW brands, this includes BMW, BMW i, BMW M- division, MINI and BMW Motorrad.
As per the company, engine oils from Shell will be available to BMW customers at more than 3,500 BMW service centres spread over 140 countries.
These products will comply with the performance and efficiency parameters set for the latest BMW engines. The specialized oil for BMW products is manufactured with Shell’s PurePlus Technology, a patented gas-to-liquid (GTL) process.
Commenting on the announcement, Nitin Prasad, Managing Director, Shell Lubricants India, said, “We are honoured to be chosen as BMW’s recommended oil supplier for aftermarket engine oils. There are different levels of partnership with OEMs – right
from offering off-the-shelf products to providing a bespoke product to the level of co- engineering.
BMW has high quality standards when it comes to engine oil and require engine oils designed to bring out the full potential of BMW engines and meet the latest specifications. We look forward to jointly supplying, distributing and marketing these oils, starting January 2015.”
In India, Shell Lubricants has partnered with many companies. It is the recommended brand for service oil refills at Hyundai service centres. On the other hand, it provides the factory filled oil used in cars manufactured by Ford, Maruti, General Motors and Nissan.

DoT panel for applying same method used in F...Airtel
(DoT report may be placed…)
NEW DELHI: Disagreeing with TRAI approach, a DoT panel has suggested applying the same method used in the February auction for determining the spectrum base price in the next round of sale of radiowaves as well.
The DoT committee, formed to study TRAI recommendations on valuation and reserve price of 1800 Mhz - widely known as 2G - and 900 Mhz spectrum band for the next round of auction, has observed deviation from the approach used earlier by the regulator and logic given for it.
"The committee is of the view that the same approach for arriving at reserve price for auction of spectrum during February 2014 may be incorporated in the methodology for arriving at reserve price of 1800 Mhz," an official source said.
TRAI has suggested about 10 per cent higher base price than what was received in February auction.
The committee has found that using the method suggested by will leads to about further 3-20 per cent higher base price of spectrum across some circles compared to the rates suggested by the regulator.
The next round of spectrum auction is proposed to be held in February 2015 from which government is estimated to garner at least Rs 9,355 crore.
The DoT panel report is likely to be placed before the inter-ministerial panel, Telecom Commission, in its meeting scheduled for November 7 to discuss the minimum price of spectrum in the next round of auction.
Most of the spectrum that are proposed to be put up for sale are at present being used by Airtel , Vodafone, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications across various parts of the country. These companies will need to buy back airwaves to continue their operations in areas where their licences are expiring in 2015-16.
The Department of Telecom (DoT) committee has also made similar suggestion for premium 900 Mhz spectrum in which telecom signals cover about two times more areas than signals transmitted in 1800 Mhz and therefore need fewer number of mobile towers.
The committee has also turned down TRAI's recommendation to take back 900 Mhz spectrum from state-run BSNL saying that DoT has no jurisdiction to take back spectrum from the public sector firm under licence condition and suggested regulator should review its suggestion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Museum of bio-diversityarts, culture and entertainment
On how sacred groves are restored across the country.
The origin of the ancient sacred groves, scattered all over India, goes back to the pre-agricultural hunter–gatherer. As he migrated in search of food, stones were left in their place of origin around which trees grew, becoming markers of identity and gradually assumed their identity as sacred groves, described today as a “patch of forest protected in favour and fear of God.”
Known as ‘pavitra vana’ in Andhra Pradesh, ‘kovil kaadu’ in Tamil Nadu, ‘deo bhumi’ in Uttarkhand and ‘K law lyngdoh’ in Meghalaya, these ancient groves dot every State representing a nurturing philosophy of eco-sensitivity and bio-diversity.
Looked after and maintained by local village communities, many of the groves today are intact while many ‘degraded’ ones are being restored by the C.P. Ramaswamy Environmental Education Centre (CPREEC), a Centre of Excellence of the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change, Government of India, set up in 1989 jointly by the Ministry and the C.P. Ramaswami Aiyar Foundation.
According to Dr. Nanditha Krishna, director, CPREEC, “In India, every village has a sacred grove. It is a whole magical, spiritual experience when you enter its precincts. So far, CPEEC has restored 52 sacred groves in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh. We took up restoration in a one-acre sacred grove in Pavapattu. Once intervention was done in Pavapattu and the grove left alone – in the care of the locals – it grew gradually into a 50-acre grove. Each grove is a museum of bio-diversity. Meghalaya has 54 rare and endangered plant species, while Tiruchi has rare fruit-eating bats in its sacred groves.”
The CPREEC restoration team comprises Dr. P. Sudhakaran, who ascertains which ‘degraded’ groves need to be restored, S. Selvapandian, who looks after the actual restoration, and M. Amritalingam, a specialist in documentation of sacred groves and their mythology. They explain that now restoration is actually done on the ground.
“We do soil testing to find out which local plants and trees can grow in a particular ‘degraded’ grove and talk to the elders of the village, the panchayat, etc. We involve the locals in the planting, take care of the ‘restored’ grove for five years and then hand it back to the village community. Gradually, the trees grow, sub-growth takes place with natural pollination, birds come in as do animals and a whole eco-system is created.”
At the ‘Sacred Groves of India,’ exhibition now on view at the C.P. Arts Centre, Eldams Road, Alwarpet, a fascinating world of the country’s eco-culture opens up for visitors. Twelve groves from different regions are presented in enormous 12x10 ft. photographic frames, creating an idyllic panorama in shades of green. The protective deity of different forests, also on view, has been crafted in three-dimension by the C.P. Art Centre’s artist Venkatesh.
Meghalaya’s ever green forests protected by menhirs representing ancestral spirits, Tamil Nadu’s tropical, dry deciduous groves protected by Ayyanar horses, West Bengal’s thick groves and beautiful kumkum spattered Bankura horses, Rajasthan’s scrub tree groves full of peacocks and Goa’s sacred crocodile protected evergreen forests open pathways of knowledge for the onlooker.
Strict taboos are observed in the sacred groves, according to the informative text which accompanies the visuals. No one can walk without footwear , there is no cutting of trees or lopping off of branches, hunting and poaching are prohibited as also cattle grazing, defecation, and construction inside the grove.
The ‘Sacred Groves of India’ is on till November 15.

Iconic DEMONIC girlUpdated: November 7, 2014 08:12 IST
Iconic ‘DEMONIC’ girl
Special Arrangement The famous scene where the head turns; William Friedkin directs Linda Blair.
Special Arrangement William Friedkin directs Linda Blair.
Special Arrangement The queue at a cinema hall in New York on a cold day.
TOPICS
English cinema
Four decades later, 'The Exorcist' still thrills and terrorises its viewers.
‘The Exorcist’ is an American supernatural horror film directed by the celebrated William Friedkin, adapted by William Peter Blatty from his 1971 novel of the same name. The book, inspired by the 1949 exorcism case of Roland Doe, deals with the demonic possession of a 12-year-old girl and her mother’s desperate attempts to win back her child through exorcism conducted by two priests.
The film features Ellen Burstyn, Max von Sydow, Jason Miller, Linda Blair, Lee J. Cobb, and Mercedes McCambridge (Hollywood star with a grating harsh voice lending her voice for the possessed girl). It is one among a cycle of ‘demonic child’ films produced from the late 1960s to the mid-1970s, including ‘Rosemary’s Baby’ and ‘The Omen.’
The film earned 10 Oscar nominations, winning two (Best Sound Mixing and Best Adapted Screenplay). It also won several awards from Golden Globe . It became one of the highest-grossing films of all time, making over $441 million worldwide. It is also the first horror film to be nominated for an Academy Best Picture.
The film has had a significant influence on popular culture. It was named the scariest film of all time by Entertainment Weekly and Movies.com, by viewers of American Movie Channel in 2006, and was No. 3 on Bravo’s The 100 Scariest Movie Moments. In 2010, the Library of Congress selected the film to be preserved as part of its National Film Registry. In 2003, it was placed at No. 2 on Channel 4’s ‘The 100 Greatest Scary Moments’ in the United Kingdom. The film begins in an archaeological dig in Iraq. Lankester Merrin (Max von Sydow), an archaeologist and a priest, discovers an amulet and realises it matches that of a statue of Pazuzu, an evil demon Merrin defeated years ago. Merrin suspects the time has come to face the demon once again.
In the Georgetown area of Washington, D.C., an actress Chris McNeil (Ellen Burstyn) begins noticing strange and frightening behavioural changes in her daughter, Regan (Linda Blair), which includes constant swearing, using four letter words and abnormal strength. When medicine fails, Regan goes through a few unpleasant tests, but X-ray results prove ‘negative’ much to the confusion of the doctors. In reality, Regan is now possessed by Pazuzu, who earlier pretended to be her imaginary friend ‘Captain Howdy’ through Ouija board.
Burke Dennings (Jack McGowran), the director of Chris’s latest film, dies mysteriously after falling from Regan’s open bedroom window. His murder is investigated by detective William Kinderman (Lee J. Cobb), who questions both Chris and a young priest named Damien Karras (Jason Miller), who has lost faith in God after the death of his ailing mother.
Chris begins to suspect that Regan has a role in Burke’s death. After Regan assaults a psychiatrist, the doctors decide that if Regan believes she is possessed, an exorcism may be Regan’s only hope to restore her sanity. Chris however is not so sure, as she and Regan have no religious beliefs.
Karras agrees to see Regan but refuses to perform an exorcism. But further supernatural phenomena force him to accept that Regan needs an exorcism. Karras is given permission by the bishop, who, at the request of the university's president, hires Merrin to help, since Karras has no prior experience with exorcism.
Working together, Karras and Merrin attempt to exorcise Pazuzu from Regan, who now refers to herself as the Devil, but the demon taunts them, especially Karras for his weak faith and guilt over his mother's death. Karras is dismissed after a break, as Merrin knows he is not mentally fit for a second attempt. Despite this, Karras returns to the room where he finds Merrin dead. In a fit of rage, he assaults Regan and orders the demon to take him instead. Pazuzu obeys and Karras throws himself from the window.
Linda Blair, who shot to fame with this film, was not on the list of probables to play the role. Many artists, known and unknown, were thought of, but the persistent efforts of Linda’s ambitious mother, who met Friedkin many times, succeeded in getting the girl the part.
Two sequences created history. One was the sequence of Linda, who jumps on the bed and suddenly turns her head 360°.
How was this scene shot? Friedkin, Blatty and others worked with experts who made a dummy of Linda. With an arrangement inside the dummy that enabled the head to turn with a remote control operation, shots were taken using the dummy and then superimposed on the shots of Linda. This was done using computer technology, which was just making its way into Hollywood.
Another sequence which invited a lot of comments was when Linda seizes a crucifix and masturbates, screaming four letter words! This scene was censored in some countries, mainly Roman Catholic lands. In the later versions, when the film was re-released, the sequence was left without any cut around the world.
Expectedly, there were sequels, documentaries about the making of the film and books. Some critics did not think much of it.
William Friedkin (pronounced Fredkin), a brilliant filmmaker of what is known as the ‘New Hollywood’, has made classics which are too many to mention. But mention must be made of ‘The French Connection’ which created history in cinema.
Movie goers underwent many strange experiences while watching ‘The Exorcist’.
Besides screaming and jumping, some even rolled on the ground in sheer terror. In a recent screening in a small town in the U.S., a pregnant woman screamed that she was about to deliver a child! It continues to thrill, shock and terrorise people even today, nearly 40-plus years after its release. The true hallmark of an immortal classic!

Futures flat  investors cautious with indexes at recordsWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Motor policy renewals are expensiveMotor policy renewals are expensive
Samsung Second-Largest Consumer Products Company In IndiaSamsung Second-Largest Consumer Products Company In India
Cabinet rejig: Sena s Suresh Prabhu to play key roleCabinet rejig: Sena s Suresh Prabhu to play key role
Bank of Baroda Q2 profit seen up 5.6% to Rs 1233 cr: PollBank of Baroda Q2 profit seen up 5.6% to Rs 1233 cr: Poll
US-led air strikes hit Al Qaeda affiliate in SyriaUS-led air strikes hit Al Qaeda affiliate in Syria
Singaporekeen to develop new Andhra capitalSingapore keen to develop new Andhra capital
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 6:  
Union Minister for Urban Development M Venkaiah Naidu has said Singapore has shown keen interest in partnering with India in the urban development sector, including a smart satellite city and a new capital for the state of Andhra Pradesh.
Top leadership of Singapore conveyed their areas of interest during the talks the Minister held today with Singapore’s Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong and former Prime Minister and Emeritus Minister Goh Chok Tong in Singapore, in separate meetings.
During the talks, according to a statement both the sides decided to set up Committees to further examine and finalise the areas of cooperation between the two countries in the context of India’s initiative to build 100 news smart cities, develop infrastructure in 500 towns and cities, development of heritage cities and massive urban housing programme.
Singapore reiterated its keenness to take up the project of developing the new capital of Andhra Pradesh which was first indicated during the recent visits of Goh Chok Tong to India.
Venkaiah Naidu and Singapore leaders shared India’s initiatives in urban sector and the experiences of Singapore in making the city state as one of the models of smart city.
The Singapore leaders expressed that there is a new sense of purpose, dynamism and action in India since Narendra Modi took over as the Prime Minister.
Venkaiah Naidu sought Singapore’s assistance in promoting smart city features like Intelligent Transport Systems, e-urban governance including delivery of services, water management including recycling and solid waste management.
He visited the Urban Redevelopment Authority and the Centre for Liveable cities and held extensive discussions about Singapore’s public housing schemes and regulations for private housing. Means of financing of urban transport infrastructure was also discussed.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Brahma Kumaris to teach yoga for IT professionalsBrahma Kumaris to teach yoga for IT professionals
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 6:  
A job in an IT firm could be highly rewarding financially but it comes with riders such as pressures and tensions, severely impacting quality of life.
Recognising a need for intervention to bring in some peace of mind at work place, Brahma Kumaris is going to organise SPIR-IT, a two-day event next month that adds the dimension of spirituality and yoga to the IT professionals.
It tied up with IT industry association of Hyderabad and Telangana Government to organise the event in Hyderabad.
The event would have experts talking on Conscious Development to develop 'Inner Resilience and Outer Agility' to respond to the difficult situations at the workplace well.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Kerala to promote high-tech farmingKerala to promote high-tech farming
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kochi, Nov. 6:  
The two-day Global Agro Meet has emphasised the need to promote high-tech farming in Kerala to make agriculture activities more attractive and remunerative.
The Agriculture Minister, K.P. Mohanan said that the Government is contemplating a Centre of Excellence with the support from the Centre and in collaboration with the Netherlands to support high-tech farming in horticulture, fishing and dairy sector.
He pointed out that there is a need to usher in a movement for high-tech farming on account of the interest shown by young new generation farmers, who can play a leading role in making Kerala a high tech farming State. Towards achieving this, he said the need is to induct, diffuse and popularise highly productive technologies from abroad.
Considering the high population density, farm labour shortage and low per capita holding size in Kerala, he said the only solution to ensure food security is with high-tech, mechanised agriculture.
The Minister was speaking at the inaugural function of the Global Agro meet organised by the State Agriculture Department, KSIDC and CII here on Thursday to highlight the investment potential in agriculture and related sectors.
In his inaugural address, the Union Agriculture Minister, Radha Mohan Singh said that agriculture yields are being affected by climate change and there is a need to increase agricultural production by developing high yielding varieties of climate resilient crops to feed the increasing population.
Reminding that agriculture is not possible without technology, the Minister assured the farmers to make available the knowledge developed in various research institutes in the country. Kerala is a state with 23 different agro climatic zones, he said and asked the government to take advantage of its unique environment.
The Chief Minister, Oommen Chandy, in his presidential address, said that Kerala is all set to switch over to complete organic agriculture by 2016 for which micro level campaigns from the panchayat level are being launched to make this a reality. Aimed at producing safe to eat food, he said a clear strategy along with a long term vision is in place to ensure that organic cultivation gets established in a phased manner by eliminating the use of dangerous chemicals.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

AddressHealth Solutions gets grantTweet
Bangalore, Nov. 6:  
AddressHealth Solutions India, a pediatric primary healthcare network, has won the ‘Stars in Global Health’ grant competition from Grand Challenges Canada.
AddressHealth has won this challenge for its innovative model for delivering comprehensive healthcare to children in low income groups through tele-enabled school health centres.
The award includes a grant of $112,000 CAD for piloting the concept and AddressHealth could further qualify for a matching grant of $1 million under Grand Challenges Canada’s Transition to Scale Program. “This year, out of more than 600 entries worldwide, 85 organizations have won a grant. AddressHealth is one amongst only ten Indian innovators who have won the grant this year,” said the company release.
“The innovation grant will be used to set up and manage medical rooms in four Bangalore-based unaided private schools which serve low income groups. A televideo link will be enabled to connect the medical rooms with Address Health’s child health clinics,” said Anand Lakshman, CEO of AddressHealth.
“In addition to this, the medical rooms will be managed by school nurse, supported by medical professionals like doctors, dentists, nutritionists, psychologists and optometrists. These professionals will periodically visit the schools,” he added.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Pfizer Q2 loss at Rs 11.83 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Pfizer Q2 loss at Rs 11.83 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
Drug firm Pfizer today reported a standalone loss of Rs 11.83 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014, due to exceptional expenses incurred at its Thane plant.
It had posted a net profit of Rs 69.45 crore for the July-September quarter of 2013-14 fiscal, Pfizer Ltd said in a filing to the BSE.
Net sales of the company during rose marginally to Rs 269.45 crore during the second quarter of FY15 compared with Rs 267.35 crore in the year-ago period, it added.
Exceptional expenses of Rs 76.03 crore were incurred during the quarter in relation to the Thane plant. “The expenses include amount paid towards voluntary retirement scheme/other related costs,” the company said.
In August, Pfizer issued a lockout notice at its Thane plant following labour unrest, stating the step was necessitated to ensure safety of its employees.
Shares of Pfizer closed at Rs 1,705.75 apiece on Wednesday on BSE, up 0.92 per cent from their previous close.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

ONGC divestment roadshows from Nov 17Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
ONGC divestment roadshows from Nov 17
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
The government will begin roadshows to attract investors to the planned 5 per cent stake sale in Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) from November 17.
Roadshows will be held in Singapore, Hong Kong, London, New York and Boston, a top government official said.
The government has not yet firmed up a timeline for the stake sale that at current rate will fetch it over Rs 17,200 crore.
Citigroup, HSBC Securities, UBS Securities, ICICI Securities and Kotak Mahindra Capital are managing the sale.
Government, which holds 68.94 per cent stake in ONGC, is selling 42.77 crore or 5 per cent of its holding.
“That (stake sale date) has not yet been decided. We will decide that during the course of the roadshows or immediately after that,” he said.
The roadshows will end by last week of November and the stake sale can happen immediately after that or in the first half of December.
The government is keen to appoint three new independent directors on the board of ONGC before the roadshows.
“We now have a clarity on the natural gas prices and can present to investors a better picture of ONGC,” the official said.
On October 18, the government raised natural gas prices by 33 per cent to $5.61 per million British thermal unit, a rate which will boast ONGC profits by close to Rs 2,000 crore.
Also, the fall in international oil rates have meant that ONGC’s fuel subsidy burden is reduced. Upstream oil producers like ONGC make up for close to half of the losses that state-owned fuel retailers incur on selling diesel and cooking fuel at government controlled rates.
In 2013-14, fuel retailers lost Rs 1,39,869 crore in revenue. Most of this met by cash support from government (Rs 70,772 crore) and upstream firms (Rs 67,021 crore).
This fiscal, the revenue losses are estimated at around Rs 86,000 crore. Out of this, Rs 28,691 crore have already been accounted for in the first quarter and another Rs 21,198 crore in July-September period.
Lower subsidy burden and clarity on gas price will boost ONGC earnings and share price, the government feels. This would help it realise a better price in the stake sale.
The government had last sold 5 per cent stake in ONGC in 2012 for Rs 14,000 crore.
In the current fiscal the government plans to mop up Rs 43,425 crore from selling stake in various state-owned firms.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Herms lifts sales despite China slowdownHermès boosts sales despite China slowdown
Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/271e8a8e-659c-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India eyes end to state coal monopolyIndia eyes end to state coal monopoly
Avantika Chilkoti and James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d3d0a262-5a7f-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias ONGC plans $180bn spending spreeOctober 26, 2014 12:10 pm
India’s ONGC plans $180bn spending spree
James Crabtree and Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be9a64fc-59dd-11e4-9787-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Big hedge funds suffer brutal OctoberBig hedge funds suffer brutal October
Miles Johnson, Hedge Fund Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/18aad744-5dec-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Franchising group seeks reasoning behind NLRB opinionFranchising group seeks reasoning behind NLRB opinion
McDonald's wage wars
Stacey Wescott / Chicago Tribune
Exteriors of the McDonald's on Lake and Ogden in Chicago on Wednesday, July 30, 2014.
Exteriors of the McDonald's on Lake and Ogden in Chicago on Wednesday, July 30, 2014. (Stacey Wescott / Chicago Tribune)
Dining and Drinking McDonald's Freedom of Information Act
Franchise group wants to know more about NLRB decision
A franchise association is again speaking out against an opinion issued by the National Labor Relations Board's general counsel in July, asking that he disclose how he concluded that franchisers should be considered joint employers in labor disputes at franchised outlets.
McDonald's plans to adopt a new organizational structure for the U.S. as it tries to let local operators make more of their own decisions, the company said Thursday. ( Jessica Wohl )
In his opinion, NLRB General Counsel Richard Griffin said McDonald's could be considered a joint employer at its franchised restaurants, a distinction that could increase the fast food giant's responsibility in labor cases. Since then, 61 new charges have been filed against 27 other franchise brand companies and local franchise business owners in areas including travel, full-service restaurants and the maintenance industry, according to Steve Caldeira, president and CEO of the International Franchise Association.
McDonald's has long maintained that its franchisees are independent owner-operators who set their own policies, including wages. About 90 percent of McDonald's U.S. restaurants are owned by franchisees. McDonald's previously said it would contest the NLRB's opinion that it is a joint employer with its franchisees.
Another instance of the government overstepping its bounds. Another instance of the government making wrong decisions.
cynicRFT2

India one of the worst places for paying taxes: World BankIndia one of the worst places for paying taxes: World Bank
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 12:10 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
India is one of the worst places for paying taxes and has been ranked 156th out of 189 nations by the World Bank slipping two positions from 2013.
According to World Bank's latest ' Doing Business Report ', the total tax rate in the country can be as high as 61.7 per cent, there are as many as 33 payments under the head of profit, labour and other taxes, and the time taken to comply with taxation requirements could be as much as 243 hours.
In terms of time taken to comply with tax-related work, India ranks better than the South Asian average where it takes 325.3 hours and its emerging market peers such as China (261 hours). India was placed above Brazil (177th) and below Russia (49th) and China, which was ranked 120th.
The United Arab Emirates and Qatar were placed in the first place followed by Saudi Arabia in the third position in the overall ranking.

What makes iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus specialStory
Awesomness has new dimensions
The year-long wait has ended. Apple has unveiled not just one but two iPhones with bigger displays and faster processors. Here is what makes the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus special.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: October 2014
Apple iPhone 6
The year-long wait has ended. Apple has unveiled not just one but two iPhones with bigger displays and faster processors. Here is what makes the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus special.
A 4.7-inch screen with 1334 X 750 pixel resolution display, encased in an all-aluminium 6.8 mm slim chassis with a powerful A8, 64-bit chipset of brain. With ion-strengthened glass front, the curvature design aesthetic follows to the aluminium back that sports a stainless steel Apple. This is the iPhone 6 for you.
The bigger sibling encases a 5.5-inch display that marks Apple 's entry into the phablet space. The display has 1980 x 1080 pixel resolution in a 7.1mm thick chassis. The back is made of anodized aluminium and also has a stainless steel frame.
The awesomeness of dimensions is extended to the innards too. The all new A8, 64-bit second-generation chipset is accompanied with the M8 co-processor. Apple claims that the A8, 64-bit chip is 25 per cent more powerful than its predecessor and offers 50 per cent faster graphics. The company promises that the A8 chipset would allow the device to run at full power without causing heat. The battery life is estimated at 15 hours of 3G talk time on the iPhone 6 and 24 hours on the iPhone 6 Plus.
While the megapixel count remains the same, both the iPhones have a new iSight sensor and both also support a faster auto focus. The iPhone 6 features a digital image stabilisation while the iPhone 6 Plus has an optical image stabilisation. Apple also says it's now capable of capturing 1080p video at 30 or 60 frames per second, and Slo-Mo video at 240 frames per second. Panoramas have been increased to up to 43 megapixels.
In addition, the iPhones have got the NFC chips too for Apple Pay. This is the new payment service where payments can be made with the phone instead of the credit card at checkout counters. This makes the two iPhones unique. Of course, this service will first be available only in the US with no security threats as the credit card numbers are stored in the Passbook app. Neither Apple nor the retailer will have access to that information.
Irrespective of the bigger display, Apple has still made both the phones user friendly by introducing a new gesture called "Reachability," to account for the increased screen size of the devices. Double touching the home button will slide down the entire display, making the top software buttons accessible in whatever app you're in. The 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus also allows apps to show more information. For instance, in landscape mode, the Mail app will show both a list view of messages on the left side and the content of the selected message to the right, similar to how it is displayed on Apple's iPad Air and iPad Mini.
PLENTY TO LOOK FORWARD
While Samsung and Sony unveiled new products at the IFA Berlin trade show, Apple came out with its new iPhones. And Blackberry is catching up with its Passport. Many smartphones announced globally will be launched in India in October. We take a look.
Apple iPhone 6
From a bigger display (4.7 inches) to a faster processor (A8 chipset with second-generation 64-bit architecture and M8 co-processor) to the new iSight 8MP camera with a new focus sensor - you name it and the iPhone 6 has it. With slim bezel and curved edges, it doesn't look like previous generation iPhones either. If you missed upgrading to the iPhone 5S last year, this one is worth considering.
Apple iPhone 6 Plus
This smartphone looks nothing like any other iPhone or Android device. Reachability and the power key on the side for one-hand operation despite the big 5.5-inch display dares to threaten the Samsung Galaxy Note's market. It gets the best of all worlds - an A8 chipset, iSight camera with optical stabilisation and a battery backup with talk time of 24 hours on 3G network.
Sony Xperia Z3
Z3, the new flagship in the Xperia Z series, has a rectangular design with metal accents. It has a 5.2-inch display, 2.5Ghz quad core processor, 3GB RAM, KitKat OS and a 20.7MP camera. What's new is its compatibility with PlayStation 4 gaming with the Remote Play application.
Samsung Galaxy Note Edge
While the 5.6-inch quad HD display is a beauty, the way the display curves down and is extended to cover the right edge is awesome. This display acts like an independent secondary screen. It gives access to notifications, without pushing users to leave the main screen. One can even add the favourite apps to the edge and access information with a simple left swipe. The edge displays time when the alarm is set for the night.
Samsung Galaxy Note 4
The flagship phablet has a super-high-resolution 5.7-inch QHD (1440x2560) display along with a 16MP camera that includes image stabilisation technology. There is a 3.7MP front camera for capturing selfies. While Samsung has announced the Note 4 on quad-core Snapdragon 805 chipset, just like the older Note and S5, India is likely to get only the Exynos Octa-core variant.
BlackBerry Passport
The latest product from the Canadian handset maker has a 4.5-inch square screen with 1440x1440 pixel resolution. The company claims that the device offers viewing space similar to a 5-inch phone but an even better viewing experience because of the screen's width. The phone reportedly runs on a 2.2Ghz Snapdragon 800 quad-core processor with Blackberry OS 1.0.3.1. It has a 13MP camera and will be powered by a 3,450 mAh battery.

Smart cities to offer more than jobs  progressStory
Beyond the hype
While smart cities across India will boost the economy and create jobs, the concept and idea of developing these cities will offer more than this.
KT Ravindran        Edition: October 2014
The biggest challenge is the acquisition of land for creating smart cities.
The NDA government has laid the roadmap for the growth of real estate in the country through allocation of funds in the Budget and for the creation of 100 new smart cities . While smart cities across India will boost the economy and create jobs, the concept and idea of developing these cities will offer more than this.
WHAT LIES AHEAD
Last year, I was at the RICS Cobra Conference, one of the world's leading annual construction, building and real estate research conference. The conference provided the definition of a smart city. As per the definition, a smart city is defined as a city which uses information and communications technology to ensure that both its critical infrastructure and public services and components it offers are more interactive and efficient and that citizens can become more aware of them.
On a practical basis, a smart city would be one built with a robust and interactive information and communication technology infrastructure (ICT). Such a city will have an ICT infrastructure spread across the city with a command centre managing everyday services such as power distribution, water and solid waste management. The command centre will also be capable of controlling the traffic movement within city limits.
The government's announcement will lead to the identification and development of such cities across India. The success of smart cities would then be replicated to other backward regions and states too that need development.
The definition also gives us a snapshot of the research and innovation that must be undertaken, in addition to the challenges we face on this front.
CHALLENGES
The biggest challenge is the acquisition of land for creating smart cities. The land acquisition law might prove to be a deterrent and make the acquisition costlier, thereby making the residential and commercial units costlier. While the government is considering amendments in the Land Acquisition Bill, these changes may take time.
Moreover, the process of project approvals needs to be simplified. History suggests that most project delays are on account of delay in project approvals. There is need for a single window approval process system.
In this regard, the government needs to implement the recommendations of the Committee on Streamlining Approval Procedures for Real Estate Projects (SAPREP). The committee worked extensively between April 2012 and January 2013 to recommend corrective actions.
The other area of concern is the kind of employment these smart cities will generate. While the smart city will act as a centre of economic growth, it should also provide the right mix of livelihood to those migrating to it. Else, the migration of people will continue to pose a threat to the overall socio-economic scenario of the city.
The economic growth of the city depends on the mix of industries and sectors it will cater to. Thus, there is a need to conduct such feasibility studies to understand the likely developmental and economic strength of the new city. The dream of 100 new smart cities is achievable but it is imperative that we start looking at shaping our existing cities too.
(The author, KT Ravindran, is dean Emeritus, RICS School of Built Environment, Amity University)
 

Why SBI is worried over its power exposureAnand Adhikari      Follow @anandadhikari    Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 12:00 IST
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya.
Anand Adhikari
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya has previously said the bank's exposure to coal blocks that have been cancelled by the Supreme Court is only about Rs 4,100 crore. This limited exposure of the country's largest bank is like a drop in the ocean (just 0.40 per cent) if one compares it with the bank's total domestic advances of Rs 10,08,530 crore as on June 30, 2014.
The larger worry, bankers say, is of the total power exposure in the books of the domestic lender . Given this background, Bhattacharya has requested the RBI to allow a 25-year scheme with a refinancing option after five years, which offers longer repayment tenures for new infrastructure projects, to be extended to existing power projects. This new scheme was announced by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Budget 2014/15.
SBI has a power sector exposure of Rs 92,919 crore, which represents close to 10 per cent of the total loan portfolio. The power sector exposure is dangerously placed within the overall infrastructure portfolio. Out of the total infrastructure loan of Rs 1,53,136 crore, the power sector has a share of a whopping 61 per cent at Rs 92,919 crore.
"This is a worrying factor as there is no support from other infrastructure loans like roads, which too are facing problems," says a banker on condition of anonymity.
There is not much positive development in the coal shortage scenario. The situation has, in fact, aggravated after the Supreme Court cancelled the coal blocks. The other big issues many power producers are fighting out with State Electricity boards (SEBs) is the tariff relaxation in view of high imported coal prices.
Two major power players-Adani  Power  and Tata Power-have already invoked  force majeure clauses with SEBs for revising the power purchase agreements (PPAs).
Many banks would benefit if they are allowed to transfer loans to other banks and institutions.
The coal block auction is expected by December. There is also a proposal of allowing Coal India as a nodal agency to buy imported coal, blend it with its domestic coal and supply it to power plants by pooling both the prices. The proposal is to make available this pooled coal to power plants commissioned after 2009.
Bankers say if nothing happens, they have the option to go to corporate debt restructuring mechanism, where they have to take a cut by sacrificing interest and allow longer repayment schedules.

Firms stuck in debt trap post 2008 crisisStory
Life after Debt
Dipak Mondal      Follow @dipdown80 Delhi   Edition: Nov 9, 2014
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Suzlon Energy Ltd, a maker of wind turbines, was once a rising star on the corporate horizon. On December 31, 2007, its stock traded at Rs 387 (adjusted price) while its market cap was nearly Rs 50,000 crore. On October 13, 2014, its stock closed at Rs 12.98, down 97 per cent, with market cap at a paltry Rs 4,000 crore.
What accounts for this stunning reversal of fortune Suzlon borrowed heavily to fund the acquisition of German wind power company REpower Systems (now called Senvion). Its consolidated debt jumped from Rs 450 crore on March 31, 2006, to Rs 5,162 crore a year later, interest cost rising from Rs 65 crore to Rs 276 crore during the same period. Then came the 2008 downturn and demand shrank. (The acquisition was completed in 2011.) With the company defaulting on its loan repayments, its share price tanked. It has since undergone a debt restructuring programme and sold some of its assets, but at the end of 2013/14, its debt still stood at Rs 10,153.35 crore with interest cost of around Rs 1,221 crore, while it incurred operating losses of Rs 167 crore.
Suzlon is not alone, but part of a pattern. In the mid-2000s, with the Indian economy galloping ahead, many companies embarked on ambitious capacity expansion ventures, including overseas acquisitions, largely funded by debt. But with the downturn, the global economy went into a slide and the domestic economy too followed suit after 2010, totally upsetting their business plans. Increasing difficulties in acquiring land for projects and getting environmental clearances compounded their problems.
Worst affected were companies in sectors such as capital goods, infrastructure, construction, power, and metals, which have long working capital cycles and gestation periods for projects. Falling revenue and profit affected their capacity to service debt. Reliance Communications, GMR Infrastructure, GVK Power and Infrastructure, and Hindustan Construction are among the big names that like Suzlon, saw their debts mounting and revenues falling.
"Several companies had gone in for capex, which they could not execute and which left them saddled with debt," says Mahantesh Sabarad, Deputy Head of Research, Institutional Equity, SBI Capital Securities.
"To make matters worse, they could not raise funds due to non-conducive equity markets. The external commercial borrowing route was also closed for many after S&P and Fitch downgraded India's sovereign ratings to negative in 2012."
Extent of Debt
How bad is the problem for Indian industry as a whole and how is it coping? To get an overall estimate, Business Today looked at 361 of the companies in the BT 500 list - excluding the banking and finance companies, those which had not published their sheets after March 2013 and those whose data was not available for the current fiscal year. The aggregate standalone debt of these 361 companies has risen from Rs 7.7 lakh crore in end-March 2011 to Rs 12 lakh crore in end-March 2014. The debt grew by 20 per cent in 2011/12, 13.5 per cent in 2012/13 and 15 per cent the following year - a compound annual growth rate of 16.2 per cent.
The figures confirm that companies in the capital goods, metals and infrastructure sectors have been hit the hardest, along with those in drugs and pharmaceuticals. The capital goods sector has seen debt grow at a CAGR of 23 per cent in the last three years. In 2013/14, debt levels increased 17 per cent over the previous year, from Rs 18,500 crore to Rs 21,500 crore. Debt in the metals' sector rose 19.7 per cent in the last three years; in the infrastructure sector by 12.7 per cent. Infrastructure companies' debt increased by 14 per cent in 2013/14, from Rs 35,000 crore to Rs 40,000 crore.
A standalone debt figure, however, does not necessarily indicate that a company is in trouble. "In a growing economy, companies go for borrowings when they need working capital," says Vivek Gupta, Partner, BMR Advisors.
"The debt level, in itself, does not establish that a company is over-leveraged. One has to look at indicators such as debt-equity ratio, interest coverage ratio, etc."
Debt-equity ratio gives the proportion of a company's assets funded by debt to that provided by shareholders. A high debt equity ratio - the danger mark varies depending on the sector - is considered unhealthy as it shows a company is over dependent on debt for its operations.
Capital intensive sectors such as infrastructure and capital goods usually have a debt-equity ratio above two, while for companies in software, the figure ought to be much less, below 0.5.
Interest coverage ratio is the company's operating profit divided by its interest cost. The ideal figure once again depends on the sector, but the lower this is, the more a company is shackled by its debt. An interest coverage ratio below one means the company's operating profit is not even enough to meet its interest cost, while a negative figure shows the company is making operating losses.
'A number of companies have gone in for qualified institutional placements. This has increased their equity component, thereby bringing down the debt-equity ratio,' says Neelesh Surana, Head of Equity, Mirae Asset Mutual Fund.
So how do the 361 companies fare on these two parameters?
A dozen among these companies appear very precariously poised indeed. At the end of 2013/14, they had debts of more than Rs 1,000 crore, debt-equity ratios of more than three and interest coverage ratios of less than 1.5. Many in the list are high profile companies: Adani Power, Asahi India Glass, Hindustan Construction, Bombay Dyeing, Ranbaxy Laboratories , Jaiprakash Power Ventures, etc. There were 40 companies with interest coverage ratios of less than one, up from 24 such in 2011/12. The main reason is projects coming to a halt in the power and infrastructure sectors.
Broadly, companies are using two ways to tackle debt. "A number of them have gone in for qualified institutional placements (QIPs). This has increased their equity component, thereby bringing down the debt-equity ratio," says Neelesh Surana, Head of Equity, Mirae Asset Mutual Fund. Indeed, the median debt-equity ratio, which was 0.42 in March 2009, steadied at around 0.35 during the next four years. In 2013/14, it went down further to 0.28.
According to Prime Database, India Inc raised more than Rs 2,000 crore through QIPs in 2012/13 and 2013/14. Fundraising through QIPs has seen a significant jump this year with Rs 20,171 crore already raised so far. Among the companies taking this route is Reliance Communications, which raised Rs 4,808 crore through QIPs this year.
Only a small number is still not out of the woods in this respect - of the 361 companies, there were 12 with a debt-equity ratio of more than three in 2012/13, which fell to seven companies in 2013/14. They included Suzlon, Adani Powe r , Jaiprakash Power Ventures, HCC, Simplex Infrastructure and Bombay Dyeing. Eighteen companies had a debt equity ratio above two in 2012/13, which rose to 22 companies in 2013/14.
The other means of reducing debt is selling off assets. A Crisil report of July 2014 said 21 companies had announced 36 deals in the past 18 months to divest assets and sell equity to strategic partners which would raise Rs 80,000 crore - nearly a fifth of their total debt. Not surprisingly, 62 per cent of the assets sold will be by companies in the infrastructure sector. The report also estimates that another Rs 60,000 crore will be similarly raised in 2014/15.
These measures have started yielding results. CRISIL's credit ratio (ratio of number of companies showing credit quality improvement to deterioration) was 1.64 times for the first half of 2014/15 with 741 upgrades as compared to 451 downgrades. However, the ratio of the size of debt of upgraded firms to that of those downgraded (excluding financial sector players) was 0.59 times during the same period, showing persistent high debt levels.
"Companies with stretched balance sheets are being forced by lenders to de-leverage either through raising fresh equity or sale of assets," says S. Krishna Kumar, Head of Equity, Sundaram Mutual. "Operational assets attract buyers even in a weak environment as long as the cash flows are certain."
The new government has also stimulated the market and there is talk of many fresh equity issues over the coming year, amounting to Rs 70,000 crore to Rs 1,00,000 crore. This too will help companies raise funds and lighten their debt burden.
"We expect more activity in terms of fundraising and asset sales in the next 12 months," says Gupta of BMR Advisors. "More asset sale deals would be executed and more companies would be coming up with equity issues. We can also see M&A activities picking up."

Latest gadgets  tech accessories launched in the marketStory
First take
Gadgets and Gizmos tells you about the latest gadgets and accessories launched in the market and what they offer.
Gadgets and Gizmos tells you about the latest gadgets and tech accessories launched in the market and what they offer.
Genius Zabius
The new Genius gaming headphone, the Zabius, has 40mm neodymium magnetic drivers delivering explosive bass, Swivel ear cups and a detachable microphone for convenient storage and travel. There is a power indicator (Green LED)and a MIC On/Off indicator (Red LED). It is compatible with Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, PC/MAC and other audio devices.
Price: Rs 5,400
Xbox One
Microsoft says its new gaming console, the Xbox One , is an all-in-one entertainment system built by gamers, for gamers. The Xbox One focuses on Internet-based features such as the ability to record and stream gameplay, integration with a set-top box to watch cable or satellite TV through the console with an enhanced guide interface and Kinect-based voice control.
Price: Rs 39,990 for Xbox One; Rs 45,990 for Xbox One with Kinect
Fifa 15
Milestone interactive has launched the Fifa 15 game title for PS4, PS3, Xbox One, Xbox 360 and PC (digital version) in India. The game is claimed to deliver more realistic stuff than its predecessors, and players will have memories and show emotions based on the context of the match. There will be over 600 new emotional reactions and players can respond to pivotal moments on the pitch.
Motorola Moto X
Motorola has launched the second-generation Moto X in India. As the phone gets better specs, it has crossed the Rs 30,000 price tag. It has a bigger display at 5.2 inches, AMOLED full HD screen and weighs 144 grams. Running on Android 4.4, it is powered by a 2.5GHz quad core Snapdragon processor and is paired with 2GB of RAM. It has a 13MP rear camera and a 2MP front camera. The company has launched only the 16GB variant in the country. The handset costs Rs 34,990 with a few back cover options. Rs 31,990
Samsung Galaxy Aplha
With the Galaxy Note 3 launch a couple of weeks away, Samsung has launched the Galaxy Alpha smartphone for India. This smartphone has a 4.7-inch HD Super AMOLED display and is powered by an octa-core processor. It has a 12 MP rear camera along with a 2.1 MP front-facing camera. It will be available in Charcoal Black, Dazzling White and Frosted Gold colors.
Price: Rs 39,990
Mail Time by Mail Time
How cool would it be if your long emails are reformatted and summarized into the messaging view? At least, it will allow you to instantly go through each one of them and give you the satisfaction of having 'zero' unread mails. The new MailTime app does just that. It breaks the monotony of the boring email app by bringing a conversation view to the phone. The app even summarizes long emails in a way that places messages in a conversation view. Emails with multiple participants appear as a group chat. It is a handy app for those on the move. iOS; Free
iBall WQ32
iBall has launched the iBall Slide WQ32, which is powered by an Intel Atom Z3735D processor coupled with 2GB of DDR3 RAM and runs Windows 8.1. It has an 8-inch HD (1280x800 pixel) IPS display, auto-focus rear camera with flash, and a two-megapixel front camera. This tablet also has an HDMI port, Micro USB, WiFi, and USB OTG. The tablet weighs 354 grams, and is powered by a 14Wh battery.
Price: Rs 16,999

Bell tolls for Obama ahead of 2016Bell tolls for Obama ahead of 2016
Edward Luce in Washington
Repudiated president will spend final years grappling with victorious Republicans
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3092536e-64ae-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Credit Suisse downgrades IPCA Labs  stock falls 15.7%Credit Suisse downgrades Ipca Labs, stock falls 15.7 per cent
Indulal PM        Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 13:15 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
IPCA Laboratories shares plunged 15.7 per cent on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) to their lowest since September 2013 in morning trade on Wednesday after Credit Suisse downgraded the stocks to 'underperform' from 'neutral', citing negative US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) observations.
FDA observations are on the pharma firm's Indore facility, Credit Suisse said.
The financial services company further said two of these observations were critical, and could delay the recovery of US sales for IPCA.
Shares were trading at Rs 699.10 a piece, down 77.20 points (or 10.34%) at 12:44 pm on the BSE.
(Reuters)

Air pollution lowers wheat yield by 50 per cent: StudyAir pollution lowers wheat yield by 50 per cent, says study
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 13:21 IST
Around 90% decrease in potential production is due to smog related pollution
A study that has analysed data for the last 30 years has revealed that air pollution , arising out of smog and other pollutants, drastically reduced wheat yields in densely populated states in the country by nearly 50 per cent, making it significantly lower than what they could have been in 2010.
According to the assessment, up to 90 per cent of the decrease in potential food production seems linked to smog, made up of black carbon and other pollutants.
The remaining 10 per cent are accounted by factors like changes linked to global warming and precipitation levels. The research paper, 'Recent climate and air pollution impacts on Indian agriculture', published in the Proceedings of National Academy of Sciences, analysed the impacts of pollution on wheat production.
Scientists based their findings on the historical data on crop yields, emissions and precipitation. The research has confirmed the assessments and studies of scientists in the past on the impact of air pollution on food production.
According to experts, the smog results in North India mainly due to vehicular emissions and emissions from massive agricultural residue burning in states like Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.
Massive crop residue burning takes place in Punjab, where it is a banned activity, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh. The issue of open straw burning is currently monitored by the National Green Tribunal (NGT), which has directed the agriculture ministry to draft guidelines preventing the hazardous practice at the earliest.
Vikrant Tongad, the petitioner in the case before the green tribunal, said, "The Centre is not acting against the farmers polluting the air because of political reasons".

Actor Mohanlal launches music band LalisomActor Mohanlal launches music band ‘Lalisom’
By: PTI |        Kochi |  November 5, 2014 3:47 pm
Summary
Mohanlal, who will also be part of the band, proposes to conduct the show at various stages in the country and abroad.
Other Articles
Market Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Foraying into a new arena, actor Mohanlal has launched a music band called ‘Lalisom’.
The first show is to be held in February next year with a musical biography of the actor when a retrospective into his 36-year-long celluloid journey will be musically crafted.
The over two hour show which will see use of modern techniques including hologram technology and special effects, to portray various characters immortalised by the actor. At least 40 songs from Lal’s various films will also be a part of the show.
Mohanlal, who will also be part of the band, proposes to conduct the show at various stages in the country and abroad.
Announcing the launch of the band here yesterday, Mohanlal said during his over three decade film career, he had opportunity to essay a diverse range of characters.
“This is not just a ganamela. I feel blessed that I had very good songs in my films sung by veteran singers like Yesudas, Jayachandrn and M G Sreekumar. This is a journey through my life, films. My life’s philosophy, my characters are all there. This is a thanksgiving to all those who were with me all these years. Since I am an actor, this is the only way I can reciprocate and consider this as my gift”, he said.
The show will have eight artists including women. Music director Rateesh Vegh is the music composer.
TAGS: Lalisom Mohanlal Mohanlal Music Band
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Rupee closes almost flat at 61.41 against dollarRupee closes almost flat at 61.41 against dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 5, 2014  | 18:26 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Indian rupee on Wednesday ended almost flat at 61.41 against the Greenback on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Despite a strong start, the rupee erased all its morning gains during intra-day due to sharp bouts of dollar demand from importers. However, it fell later before recouping losses to close almost flat at 61.41 on the back of fresh dollar selling from banks and exporters.
Sustained capital inflows into equities also helped the rupee to cap the fall to some extend, dealers said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange market (Forex), the domestic unit commenced higher at 61.35 a dollar from previous close of 61.40. It moved in a range of 61.34 and 61.49 before settling at 61.41, showing a marginal fall of one paise.
Meanwhile, US dollar continued its strong rallying momentum against a basket of currencies in late Asian session trade in the wake of Republican wins during the mid-term elections as well as steady improvement in US data.
The benchmark Sensex conquered yet another milestone of 28,000 for the first time briefly before concluding at a new closing peak of 27,915.88, a rise of 55.50 points of 0.20 per cent.

Welspun to merge group firmsUpdated: November 6, 2014 00:36 IST
Welspun to merge group firms
Special Correspondent
merger, acquisition and takeover
In a move aimed at consolidating and simplifying the corporate structure of Welspun Enterprises Ltd. (WEL) and its subsidiaries, the boards of WEL and Welspun Projects (WPL), on Wednesday, decided to merge WEL, Welspun Infratech (WITL), Welspun Plastics Pvt. Ltd. (WPPL) and Welspun Infra Projects Pvt. Ltd. (WIPPL) with WPL.
As a result, a statement from Welspun said, all the companies will merge with WPL, a listed entity.
Shareholders of WEL will get 12 shares of WPL for every share held in WEL.
The appointed date of the scheme would be April 1. WEL holds about 61.12 per cent stake in WPL through its 100 per cent subsidiary, WITL, and the same shall stand cancelled on amalgamation.
Welspun said the consolidation will enable WEL, its subsidiaries and WPL to “better leverage their strengths and target opportunities, which need large free cash and strong balance sheet to put the resultant entity on an accelerated growth path.”
The combined entity will have cash resources of about Rs.800 crore.
“The elimination of multiple entities is expected to benefit in terms of superior capital structure, increased flexibility to allocate capital more efficiently, reduction in administrative / compliance cost and enhanced visibility of earnings and cash flows,” the statement said.
The scheme will be subject to requisite approvals of the stock exchanges and sanctions of the High Courts of Bombay and High Court of Gujarat.
It is expected to be completed in seven months.
RELATED NEWS

Allergy sufferers are likely to be in for a rough centuryBy Ariana Eunjung Cha November 5 Follow @arianaeunjung
Timothy grass. (Linda Davidson/The Washington Post)
Climate change in transforming the world as we know it — raising temperatures, redrawing coastlines,  triggering stronger storms. Now researchers are warning of another possible consequence: a dramatic spike in airborne allergens.
Scientists at the University of Massachusetts Amherst reported Wednesday that grass pollen production could more than double in the next century due to predicted rises in carbon dioxide (CO2) and ozone (O3) in the air,  "leading to a significant, worldwide impact on human health."
The study, published in the PLOS ONE, was focused on Timothy grass, a major human allergen. The team — led by environmental health scientist Christine Rogers — exposed grass plants to differing concentrations of gases designed to mimic what the Earth might be like in the future if we continue on our current path. After the plants were allowed to grow for a while, the researchers measured the amount of pollen they were producing and extracted an allergen protein known as Phl p 5.
CO2 puts plant growth into overdrive, while ozone has the opposite effect. The researchers found, as expected, that the number of plants flowering increased with an increase in CO2 and that elevated ozone decreased the allergen content in the pollen. But when concentrations of both were increased, the latter effect was masked by the sheer volume of pollen production.
Grass pollen. (Courtesy of Susan Kosisky/U.S. Army Centralized Allergen Extract Laboratory)
Previous studies on other allergens, such as ragweed, have also shown an increase in allergens, but the grass study showed a more extreme outcome. One major study that made headlines was published in 2011 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences and showed that  ragweed season has increased up to 27 days since 1995 in some parts of the country. The northernmost areas, which saw the most dramatic temperature fluctuations, also saw the biggest change in the concentration of allergens. Their experiments demonstrated that doubling carbon dioxide levels could result in an increase of 60 to 90 percent in ragweed pollen production.
In a report released in 2008, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency described how the concentration of different species of trees and plants that are known allergens could shift dramatically over the next 50 to 100 years. The EPA theorized that trees such as maple and birch, which tend to favor cold climates, may even shift out of the United States entirely, while oak/hickory and pine could increase in the United States. In some models, the Southwest could warm up significantly and lose its forests to grasslands.
Meanwhile, asthma and allergy rates continue to soar all over the world. Scientists have also found that pollen has spread to areas that previously didn't have issues with allergies, and mold and other allergens are becoming more potent due to the warmer, wetter weather.
Read more:

How This CEO Functions on Less Than Six Hours of Sleep and Still Runs a Successful BusinessAnswer by Alexandra Damsker , Entrepreneur
I don't have a multi-million dollar company (yet), but I'm one of those CEOs who function on 3-5 hours of sleep.
No, there aren't any drugs involved, nor is there poor management (as far as I know).  It's a variety of things.
First, reduce TV. You sleep much better, and do much more work when you don't watch much TV.  My brain is actually less active watching TV than when it's sleeping. This dullness is addictive. My daughter, for example, becomes a giant mess when she watches too much TV -- huge tantrums, crying, screaming, complete meltdown. She doesn't want to eat or listen. It's like she's addicted, and I'm taking away her drug. My husband is very similar, without the actual crying. He just sort of grunts more.  I'm not certain it happens with everyone, but I'd be surprised if most people aren't highly susceptible to this "one more show" mentality, and the gape-mouthed stare is the death knell for good work, good eating, good sleep or good play.
Second, limit carbohydrates.  For me, anyway, they just make me sleepy.
Third, limit meetings. Same as carbs. Blah blah blah -- hate just droning on, or being droned at. Nothing good comes of this.
Fourth, I actually have specific hours I need to sleep to do well, not a specific number of hours. It's a quirk of my circadian rhythm, and it's been that way since my 20s. If I can sleep from 4 to 8 am, I'm very happy. However, my home life doesn't permit that, so I usually end up sleeping from 1-4, and 5-6:30. I have a hard time sleeping in the early morning hours, and love the morning (once I drag my sad ass out of bed).
Fifth, when I get a few energy slumps, I rely on some tried and true solutions: I switch tasks to things I really like (so I save that stuff for sleepy times). I hang out on Quora (dangerous, because I'm on there WAY longer than I should be. There should be a stopwatch or a clock on that thing...!). I go outside. I email or chat with someone personal (not usually on the phone. Hate the phone.) I play a set number of solitaire hands. I read the news or one of three gossip sites I frequent (yeah, I'm not proud). Or, if all else fails, I take a nap. I usually sleep more on slower days or if nothing is happening on a weekend, but it works out.
Sixth, and most important, I REALLY, REALLY, REALLY LOVE WHAT I DO. I love it so much! I am so incredibly happy that I get to do my job. I have days that suck. I have strings of days that suck. But they are just sucky days -- my life is still pretty spectacularly awesome. It makes me excited to wake up, to take the conference call I had today set at the incredibly ludicrous time of 6:30 am, to take calls and go to meetings while visiting family, to get over shyness and speak to the stranger next to me on the airplane, to spend the evening playing with my daughter knowing that I'll be working on a document until 4 am and begging Kinko's for something (and I HATE doing anything with Kinko's, much less begging).
I mostly just think I am a very lucky person. I have a (pretty) supportive spouse, a fantastic kid, a wonderful dog. I'm healthy, I'm privileged to run a company that is about to split into two, with customers who are acolytes that spare me marketing dollars. People believe in me and my ability to lead, they believe in what I've created. I do something that I think makes a difference in the world. And today I'm having a pretty good hair day.
I don't really worry about the sleep that I get. I get what I can, and do what I have to do every day. Everyone around me is trying to help me out (for the most part), I keep my priorities in order (my kid never suffers, I can't make myself sick), and I just focus on what I have immediately ahead, and in the near future, and what I need to get those done. I truly believe it will all benefit everyone in the end, and my support group does, too.
And that's how I do it.
More questions on Quora :

United said to mull Embraer  CSeries jets in fleet makeoverUnited said to mull Embraer, CSeries jets in fleet makeover
United Airlines Boeing 787
A United-branded Boeing Dreamliner on its route from Los Angeles to Melbourne, Australia.
A United-branded Boeing Dreamliner on its route from Los Angeles to Melbourne, Australia. (Reuters)
By Julie Johnsson, Michael Sasso and Andrea Rothman, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
CHICAGO — United Airlines is in talks with Embraer and Bombardier to buy new narrow-body planes amid a fleet makeover to reduce its reliance on unprofitable regional jets, people familiar with the matter said.
The discussions involve the largest models in Embraer's updated E-Jets family and Bombardier's smallest CSeries, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the details are private. An order isn't imminent, the people said.
An Embraer or Bombardier purchase would be a departure for Chicago-based United, whose pilots only fly Boeing Co. and Airbus Group NV aircraft on its main jet routes. The jets under consideration would fill a gap between United's narrow-bodies, most of which seat more than 150 people, and commuter planes carrying a maximum of 76 passengers.
Choosing one of the new planemakers also would let United place a separate order at the Express regional unit to replace its inefficient 50-seaters. United's pilot contract lets it take more commuter aircraft, starting in 2016, as long as larger Embraer or Bombardier jets are added to the main fleet.
0
For regional-jet pioneers Embraer and Bombardier, a deal with United would boost their quest to weaken Boeing and Airbus's grip on sales of bigger aircraft to major U.S. airlines. Embraer's two largest E2 planes will have about 140 seats, while the CS100 from Montreal-based Bombardier will carry 108 to 125 people.
United isn't giving details on its fleet strategy, which includes assessing new and used planes, said Megan McCarthy, a spokeswoman for parent United Continental Holdings.
"We're talking to all the manufacturers," McCarthy said in a telephone interview.
Chief Financial Officer John Rainey said Oct. 23 that United is shopping for used models from Embraer, Airbus and Boeing to take the place of the 50-seat jets being parked. United bought its first secondhand planes, two Boeing 737-700s, last quarter.
"We don't necessarily want to go out and place a brand-new aircraft order that creates several billion dollars more" of capital expenditures, Rainey said during a conference call to discuss third-quarter earnings.
Spokesmen for Airbus, Boeing and Sao Jose dos Campos, Brazil-based Embraer declined to comment on talks with United. Marianella de la Barrera, a Bombardier spokeswoman, said "United is obviously an airline that we're very interested in showing the CSeries to" while declining to give details.
While Embraer's E190-E2 and E195-E2 are re-engined updates of existing models, Bombardier's CSeries is an all-new aircraft. The planemaker has struggled to find buyers for the CSeries, whose commercial debut is now set for 2015's second half after missing a planned 2013 target.
The E2s, which won't start entering service until later this decade, list for as much as $62.4 million. The CS100's catalog price is $63 million. Airlines typically get discounts.
United's results have been hurt by its dependence on 50- seat jets flown under contract by regional affiliates. Even with fuel prices retreating this year, a gallon of jet kerosene still costs about 50 percent more than a decade ago, eroding the economics that once made the small planes attractive.
"We are too reliant on the 50-seat RJ," Rainey told analysts last month.
United can start adding bigger regional jets with 76 seats in 2016, on condition that it takes Embraer or Bombardier planes in the 100-seats-and-up category, according to the airline's pilot contract.
That agreement set a formula that lets United buy four 76- seaters -- such as Embraer E-175s -- for every five larger mainline planes it acquires, up to a total of 223 regional aircraft. United's Express unit, which subcontracts flying to commuter carriers, can operate jets that seat as many as 76 passengers.
United has been replacing its 50-seaters with newer, more- efficient E-175s. McCarthy, the spokeswoman, said recent orders have pushed United's tally to 153 of those planes, the maximum number allowed under the pilot contract.
Each time United replaces a 50-seat jet with an E-175, the airline generates "over $1 million of annual improved profitability," Chief Revenue Officer Jim Compton said on the earnings call.
_ With assistance from Frederic Tomesco in Montreal and Christiana Sciaudone in Sao Paulo.

US and China troubles send Qualcomm lowerAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Russell Brand irritates  but many listenRussell Brand may irritate but many are listening to him
Michael Skapinker
There is some sense, among the nonsense, in comedian’s revolution
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/39d9d110-6411-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russell Brand  Britains reluctant Beppe GrilloAbout John
Blog guide
Welcome. This blog is a modest attempt to reduce befuddlement. It features a lot of public policy (and charts) with a smattering of politics and culture.
Please email john.mcdermott@ft.com with any thoughts on the site.
John McDermott has been with the FT since 2010. He was formerly the executive comment editor in London and before that a writer for FT Alphaville in New York. Prior to joining the FT, he was a policy adviser in the Downing Street Policy Unit.
All posts are published in UK time.
Contact john.mcdermott@ft.com about the Off Message blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Pakistan a big impediment to global polio eradicationUpdated: November 5, 2014 23:47 IST
Pakistan a big impediment to global polio eradication
N. GOPAL RAJ
AP In this October 29, 2013 photo, released by UNICEF, a health worker administers polio vaccine to a child as part of a UNICEF-supported vaccination campaign at the Abou Dhar Al Ghifari Primary Health Care Center in Damascus, Syria.
TOPICS
poliomyelitis
Many polio cases in Afghanistan were caused by the Pakistan virus
The global polio eradication effort will miss yet another deadline — that of stopping transmission of all naturally-occurring ‘wild’ polio viruses by the end of this year, a vital first step in completing a task that began in 1988 and was to have been achieved by the year 2000.
The latest report from the Independent Monitoring Board (IMB), which produces periodic assessments of how the global programme is faring, makes for sombre reading. The virus remains out of control in Pakistan. In Africa, Ebola has complicated the task of wiping out the virus.
In the nine months from January to September this year, polio paralysis had increased five-fold in Pakistan compared to the same period last year while in the rest of the world it had been reduced seven-fold.
Many polio cases in neighbouring Afghanistan were caused by the Pakistan virus. This virus had also gone to Syria and Iraq, and paralysed children there.
“Pakistan’s polio programme is a disaster,” says the IMB in its report. “It continues to flounder hopelessly, as its virus flourishes. Home to 80 per cent of the world’s polio cases in 2014, Pakistan is now the major stumbling block to global polio eradication.”
Instead of the virus being restricted to a dwindling number of pockets, it was present in every province in the country. In key areas, fewer children were being vaccinated than two years back and immunity had plummeted. Less than a quarter of vaccination campaigns carried out over the past year met the required 80 per cent coverage. The fact that the virus has been circulating for six months in a metropolis like Lahore “clearly demonstrates deteriorating accountability and oversight.”
In May this year, the Board had recommended that Pakistan create an Emergency Operations Centre, as Nigeria had done, to oversee its polio programme. But the country had shown “characteristically little urgency” in doing so, and the plan put forward by it for this purpose was “a pale imitation of its vibrant Nigerian counterpart,” lacking the clear and powerful leadership that characterised the latter.
“There is an answer to Pakistan’s predicament. The National Disaster Management Agency has shown its clear capability in dealing with the country’s natural disasters. The time has come to put it in charge of polio eradication and rescue Pakistan’s vulnerable children,” recommended the IMB in its latest report.
In the latest issue of the Weekly Epidemiological Record, the World Health Organization too has warned that “without significant improvements in Pakistan’s programme and control of WPV [wild polio virus] within its borders, the global efforts to eradicate polio will be undermined.”
The IMB was also concerned about the adverse impact from the Ebola outbreak in West Africa on the polio programme.
“Given the current distribution of Ebola, a substantial part of the African continent is at heightened risk of polio. If Ebola spreads to other countries in the world with low levels of childhood immunisation they too will be the source of potential polio outbreaks,” it noted.

Genetic markers for alcoholism recovery discoveredTrai recommendations on 3G spectrum may be out by early January
Researchers have identified genetic markers that may help in identifying alcoholics who could benefit from a commonly prescribed drug that aids recovery in problem drinkers.
The findings show that patients carrying these genetic variants have longer periods of abstinence during the first three months of acamprosate treatment.
Mayo Clinic researchers studied the association between variation in candidate genes and the length of sobriety in alcohol-dependent patients treated with acamprosate in community-based programmes.
They found that, when other environmental and physiological factors were considered, patients with the common allele of the genetic variant rs2058878 located in the GRIN2B gene, stayed sober more days than those with a variant allele of the same polymorphism.
This finding was replicated in a sample of alcohol-dependent patients treated with acamprosate in a study conducted by collaborators from Germany.
“This association finding is a first step towards development of a pharmacogenetic test allowing physicians to choose appropriate treatment for specific subgroups of alcohol-dependent patients,” said Victor Karpyak, Mayo Clinic psychiatrist and lead author of the research.
“We believe that individualised treatment selection will eliminate the need for trial-and-error approaches and improve treatment efficacy in patients with alcohol use disorders,” said Karpyak.
The findings support evidence implicating an important role of the N-Methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors in the treatment effects of acamprosate.
The researchers said more studies are needed to determine potential importance of identified genetic variants in the longer-term effects of acamprosate, as well as the molecular and physiological mechanisms behind the drug’s action.
The study was published in the journal Translational Psychiatry.
TAGS: Alcoholics Alcoholism
More from industry

Burkina Faso: Nigeria  Senegal  Ghana presidents press for civilian rulePrint
Burkina Faso Lt. Col. Issac Yacouba Zida, center, leaves a government building after meeting with political leaders in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, Tuesday, Nov. 4, 2014. International envoys tried Tuesday to resolve Burkina Faso's political crisis, with the specter of a power vacuum looming after the country's longtime president fled last week. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Ouagadougou | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:59 am | Updated: November 6, 2014 1:12 pm
Diplomats pressing Burkina Faso’s military ruler to return the country to civilian rule said Wednesday they are seeking names of people who could serve as interim head of state until elections are held.
The presidents of Nigeria, Senegal and Ghana are in Burkina Faso to mediate after the African Union gave Burkina Faso’s military a two-week deadline to hand over power or face sanctions that could cripple the landlocked, desperately poor country.
In a sign of growing tensions, though, a meeting that brought together the political opposition and others descended into chaos.
Burkina Faso’s president of 27 years, Blaise Compaore, stepped down Friday amid mounting opposition to his bid to seek yet another term in office. Compaore never identified a potential successor and his departure has created a power vacuum in which at least three people have tried to take over control of the country in the past week.
Opposition members and other activists stormed out of Wednesday’s meeting shouting “We don’t agree!” after some from the former ruling party showed up for the session.
“We can’t sit in the same room as those who are to blame for the deaths of the victims whose bodies we have not yet even buried,” said Mathias Tankoano, a human right activist and member of the civil society delegation. “They should be prosecuted for the deaths and for acts against the constitution that have resulted in violence in our country.”
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon backed the mediation effort by the three presidents and reiterated his call for “an inclusive dialogue” to continue, U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said.
The U.N. chief encourages all parties to reach an agreement for a peaceful civilian-led transition as soon as possible, he said.
Dujarric said a joint mission of the African Union, U.N., and the regional bloc known as ECOWAS is continuing consultations with all parties and other forces “to ensure a democratic civilian-led transition in Burkina Faso.” He said the mission “will continue its efforts to help resolve the crisis in line with the national constitution.”
The U.N. Security Council expressed “full support” for the joint mission and urged Burkina Faso’s security forces to hand over power to a civilian-led transition and take immediate steps to restore constitutional order without delay.
In a press statement late Wednesday, the council called on all parties to collaborate continued…

The supermarket chain has reportedQ3 Interim Management Statement - 13 weeks to 2 November 2014
 
Morrisons third quarter showed continued progress on the three year plan. In the 13 weeks to 2 November 2014, total sales* excluding fuel were down by 3.6% (down 5.6% including fuel), and like-for-like* (LFL) sales were down 6.3% (8.0% including fuel). Online contributed 0.7% to LFL during the period.
 
As outlined at the interim results, it will take time for our initiatives to fully benefit our sales performance. In the meantime, we continue to see encouraging progress in all components of our strategy and in our volume-related key performance indicators (KPIs). Items per Basket continued to improve and was down 2.4% year-on-year, significantly better than the low of -6.9% in Q4 2013/14. Other operational KPIs also showed further improvement.
 
We continue to substantially increase our investment in the Morrisons proposition. Alongside further investment in price during the period, we launched Match & More, our new price match and points card which provides a unique price guarantee against Aldi and Lidl as well as Tesco, Sainsbury's and Asda. The card is already proving extremely popular with customers.
 
Match & More is a good example of the progress we are making with the strategy we communicated in March. An improving IT platform is enabling Morrisons to better understand and serve customers, and drive cost out of the business. Also, all major in-store cost initiatives - such as restructuring our teams to make them more effective, up-streaming some of the invisible manufacturing, and simplifying the range - saw significant progress during the quarter.
 
We are actively progressing our plans for greater capital discipline across the business. In September we announced a proposal to close our produce packing facility in the Netherlands (Bos Brothers BV), and plan to transfer operations either to growers or our existing UK produce facilities during 2015. During the period, we also exchanged contracts to re-assign eight of the ten former Kiddicare leasehold sites, and expect completion in the coming weeks.
 
We opened 12 new M local stores and three new core stores, plus one replacement. We are on schedule to meet our target of opening 60-70 new M local stores by the year end. We also successfully opened a new online hub in Greater Manchester, and will be operational in Merseyside very soon.
 
The financial position of the Group remains strong, with net debt of £2.6bn. Progress on debt reduction is particularly encouraging, and we now expect year-end net debt to be £2.3bn-£2.4bn, £100m better than initially guided and £400m-£500m lower year-on-year.
 
Dalton Philips, Chief Executive, said:
 
"Morrisons is meeting the challenges created by a period of intense industry competition and structural change with quick and decisive action. I am encouraged by the further progress we have made, especially on a number of key operational measures, cash flow and costs.
 
"The launch of the Match & More card was another big move for Morrisons. We are the only supermarket that is price matching the discounters and the successful launch last month was a testament to the positive way our 120,000 colleagues are delivering innovation and embracing the changes at Morrisons.
 
"We look forward to the key Christmas period focussed on offering customers the best in quality fresh food and value for money that Morrisons is famous for."
 
Outlook
 
We are making good progress on all components of the plan we set out in March, and remain confident that we will generate £2bn of cash and £1bn of cost savings over three years.
 
We also remain confident in our full year 2014/15 profit outlook. We now expect underlying profit before tax to be in the narrower range £335m-£365m (previously £325m-£375m), after £65m of new business development costs and £70m of one-off costs. 
 
* For supermarkets, online and convenience stores, reported exc. VAT and in accordance with IFRIC 13
 

Dairy Crest is sellingDairy Crest agrees to sell its Dairies operations
RNS Number : 2828W
Dairy Crest Group plc ("Dairy Crest")
 
        Dairy Crest agrees to sell its Dairies operations to Müller UK & Ireland Group ("Müller")
 
Dairy Crest is today announcing that it has agreed to sell the assets of its Dairies operations to Müller UK & Ireland Group ("Müller") for a consideration of £80 million payable in cash on completion (the "Transaction"). 
 
The sale is conditional on the approval of the relevant competition authorities.  This process is expected to take several months, during which time Dairy Crest will focus on continuing to provide high levels of service and delivery throughout the supply chain.  It is also conditional on the approval of Dairy Crest's shareholders and employee consultation.  
 
The combination of Dairy Crest's Dairies operations with those of Müller Wiseman Dairies (the fresh milk, cream and butter business owned by Müller) will build on the progress Dairy Crest has already made in improving efficiency.  It will help to create a more sustainable UK dairy sector by delivering economies of scale and cost efficiencies that will underpin investment in the industry.  This in turn should help the UK to compete more successfully in global markets, which is essential for British dairy farmers.  Dairy Crest believes the Transaction to be in the best interests of consumers, customers, dairy farmers, employees and Dairy Crest's shareholders. It will create a stronger business that protects long term employment and has the potential to help reduce costs and increase efficiency.
 
After completion Dairy Crest's focus will be on its profitable, predominantly branded, cheese and spreads operations.  It will also grow its revenue and profits by continuing to develop whey-based products, such as demineralised whey powder and galacto-oligosaccharide, for the fast growing global infant formula market. 
 
Background to and reasons for the Transaction
Since its flotation in 1996 Dairy Crest has significantly reduced its exposure to unbranded commodity markets by scaling back its dairy ingredients business and (in 2006) disposing of its commodity cheese operations. In line with its strategy to grow added value sales and improve quality of earnings, Dairy Crest has built a stable of strongly positioned dairy brands.  This includes Cathedral City, the nation's favourite cheese brand, Davidstow and Country Life and Clover, both significant brands in the Butter and Spreads market.
 
Over recent years Dairy Crest has also developed a clear strategy for its Dairies operations.  Its fresh flavoured milk brand, FRijj, is growing strongly and its programme to sell surplus depots as residential deliveries decline has enhanced profits.  In addition Dairy Crest has consistently identified and implemented cost reductions that improve the efficiency of its Dairies operations and make them more sustainable.  These include the creation of a well invested, streamlined supply chain, the use of lighter plastic bottles and the reduction of distribution costs. 
 
Dairy Crest believes that combining the two businesses will build on the progress that Dairy Crest has already achieved.  It will also strengthen the wider UK dairy sector bringing much needed security for Britain's dairy farmers.  Investment will be more attractive, enabling the British dairy industry to compete more successfully in global markets.
 
Information on Dairy Crest's Dairies operations
Dairy Crest's Dairies operations process and deliver around 1.3 billion litres of British milk per annum to major retailers, ''middle ground' customers (including, for example, smaller retailers, coffee shops and hospitals) and residential customers.  It also manufactures and sells Dairy Crest's ready to drink flavoured milk brand, FRijj, flavoured milk, cream, bulk butter and milk powders.  In the year ended 31 March 2014 Dairy Crest's Dairies operations recorded revenue of £944.8 million and product group profits of £0.6 million excluding profits from selling surplus properties which were £18.2 million.  At 31 March 2014 the total assets employed in the Dairy Crest's Dairies operations which are being sold were £253.5 million and the net assets employed were £112.8 million.
 
 
Details of the Transaction
The agreement between Dairy Crest and Müller is for Dairy Crest to sell its Dairies operations, including bulk butter manufacture, in its entirety and with its supporting overhead structure to Müller for £80 million, payable in cash, on completion.  This includes the factories at Foston, Chadwell Heath and Severnside.  It also includes the Hanworth glass bottling site, where Dairy Crest is consulting with employees on the site's future, and 72 depots.
 
Dairy Crest will retain full ownership of the previously closed dairies at Totnes and Fenstanton; its Chard site, where it is also consulting with employees on the site's future; and a number of already closed depots.
 
The two companies will also enter into a supply agreement whereby Müller Wiseman Dairies will sell bulk butter to Dairy Crest for five years.  In addition Dairy Crest will provide certain transitional services to Müller Wiseman Dairies.
 
Dairy Crest will continue to meet the defined benefit pension obligations in relation to the Dairy Crest Pension Scheme. 
 
The consideration payable by Müller is subject to upward or downward adjustments for variances from agreed levels of working capital, capital expenditure and the profitability of Dairy Crest's Dairies operations and will also be adjusted to reflect profits made on the sale of properties included in the Transaction that are sold by Dairy Crest before completion.  Müller also has the ability not to complete the Transaction should there be a material deterioration of more than £20 million in the agreed level of profitability of Dairy Crest's Dairies operations before completion or if any of its four dairies are inoperable at completion.
 
Dairy Crest's continuing operations
After completion Dairy Crest will focus on its cheese and packet butter and spreads businesses, which together recorded revenues of £442 million and product group profits of £56.1 million in the year ended 31 March 2014.  This product group includes Dairy Crest's market leading Cathedral City brand, Davidstow, Clover, Country Life and the fast growing Frylight one calorie cooking spray.
 
As well as these established brands, Dairy Crest has commenced a major project to develop whey-based products at its creamery in Davidstow.  These include demineralised whey powder and galacto-oligosaccharide, both used in the fast growing global infant formula market. 
 
Dairy Crest will continue to buy milk direct from around 400 supplying farmers for its Davidstow creamery to produce cheese and whey.  With its strong brands and the growth potential of infant formula, Dairy Crest is well placed to grow profits, generate cash and continue to deliver its progressive dividend policy.
 
Dairy Crest will retain the following manufacturing sites:
Davidstow, Nuneaton and Frome, the world class cheese production, storage and distribution facilities;
Kirkby and Erith, Dairy Crest's spreads and spray oil manufacturing plants.
 
Use of proceeds and financial effects of the Transaction on Dairy Crest
The proceeds from an approved sale will initially be used by Dairy Crest to reduce net debt.
 
Completion of the Transaction
Dairy Crest has entered into a conditional sale and purchase agreement with Müller with respect to the assets of its Dairies operations and will despatch a circular to its shareholders (the "Shareholder Circular") in due course seeking their approval of the Transaction.  The proposed disposal will constitute a Class 1 transaction for Dairy Crest pursuant to the Listing Rules. The Shareholder Circular will contain a notice convening a General Meeting of its shareholders. 
 
The Transaction is also dependent on approval from the relevant competition authorities.  It is anticipated that it will take several months for the relevant competition authorities to complete their review of the Transaction. 
 
All other necessary consents have been received. 
 
Further announcements will be made in due course.
 
Mark Allen, Chief Executive of Dairy Crest said: 
 
"Dairy Crest is very proud of the dairy business it has built and we are delighted that it will be combined with Müller Wiseman Dairies' equally well-established operation.  This proposed sale is a great opportunity for our two companies, our farmers, our staff, our customers and consumers". 
 
"Completing this transaction would be a positive development for Dairy Crest and for the UK dairy industry.  The combination of our Dairies operations with those of Müller Wiseman Dairies will create efficiencies and economies of scale that will help to create a more sustainable UK dairy sector that is better placed to compete on the global stage".
 
"The disposal will allow Dairy Crest to focus on continuing to grow our successful and innovative branded cheese and spreads operations.  We will also deliver additional added value sales through our whey investment.  We are confident that this focus will deliver further medium term profit growth for our shareholders."
 
"In the months ahead we will do all we can to minimise the uncertainty that we know today's news will bring for the many people associated with our business.  I want to thank everyone who has been involved in Dairy Crest's dairies business over the years. Together we have worked hard to build a business of which we should be proud and which has a potentially exciting future as part of Müller Wiseman Dairies."
 

Danfoss opens Rs 500 cr plant near ChennaiVenkatesha Babu      Follow @venkateshababu    Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 14:07 IST
Kim Fausing, Executive VP and COO of Danfoss
The central government's move to encourage manufacturing in India received a boost as the Denmark-headquartered global climate and energy efficiency major Danfoss Group has commissioned a new facility at Oragadam on the outskirts of Chennai at a cost of Rs 500 crore.
"The new facility is a part of our attempt to not only address the growing India market opportunity but also use the country as a export base for the Asia-Pacific region," Kim Fausing, Executive VP and COO of Danfoss, told Business Today.
Admitting that the company was encouraged by the new government's push to boost manufacturing, Fausing said: "We will leverage the huge talent base to not merely cater to the domestic market but will push for exports from here. India is at the same stage that our Chinese operations were quite some time back and markets like India and China will play a bigger role in our future growth."
Danfoss now gets about 60 per cent of its revenues from outside of the European Union. The Oragadam plant is spread over 50 acre and has both manufacturing facilities as well as an R&D set-up.
Danfoss says while its offerings have been sold in the India market for several decades, it entered the country on its own in 1999 and today employs 650 people. The commissioning of the new plant will create more jobs.
Ravichandran Purushothaman, President of Danfoss India, said that less than 2.5 per cent of India's horticultural produce is processed compared to more than 60 per cent in China. Similar is the case with value-added milk processing.
"Efficient cold chain logistics can dramatically alter the rural economy and we are working with the eco-system to make it happen, since we are major players in refrigeration and air-conditioning, globally ."
Danfoss, a family owned and privately held company, had revenues of $5.7 billion in 2013.

Govt cautious on West-discarded nuclear technology: Piyush GoyalNew Delhi, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 18:28 IST
Govt cautious about tapping nuclear energy for power generation
Staff Reporter
Reuters Union Minister Piyush Goyal speaks during the India Economic Summit 2014 at the World Economic Forum in New Delhi Thursday.
TOPICS
nuclear policy
Power, Coal and Renewable Energy Minister Piyush Goyal on Thursday said nuclear energy offers potential, but the government will remain “cautious” about tapping it for power generation.
Speaking at the India Economic Summit on Friday, Mr. Goyal reiterated the government’s aim to provide 24x7 power supply to all citizens by 2019, adding that the sector is likely to attract investment of about USD 250 billion in the next 4-5 years.
On nuclear energy, Mr.Goyal pointed out that the US and many European nations have stopped setting up nuclear plants. “This government would like to be cautious so that we are not saddled with something only under the garb of clean energy or alternate energy; something which the West has discarded and is sought to be brought to India,” he said.
Asked about the logjam that has emerged due to the Nuclear Liability Law, the minister said, “Nuclear has potential and opportunities for India. This government is open to all options... in nuclear, we are seized of the problem and we are already trying to see how we can address nuclear liability restrictions.”
He also pointed out that as yet there is no estimate on the life-cycle costs of nuclear power right up to de-commissioning stage.
Mr. Goyal’s observations assume significance because so far countries promised contracts for nuclear reactors had been pressurising India to change its nuclear liability law.
The US, France and, to a lesser extent, Russia are upset because nothing has moved since 2008 when then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh assured 10,000 MW of reactors to two US companies, six reactors to French company Areva and up to 16 plants by Russia’s Atomstroyexport.
The commitment was in exchange for ending India’s isolation from the civil nuclear commerce mainstream after the first nuclear explosion in 1974. As a result, the US along with France and Russian helped India secure an exemption from the Nuclear Suppliers’ Group.
Only Russia has set up two reactors at Kudankulam but they were contracted when Rajiv Gandhi was the Prime Minister. In addition South Korea is keen on selling nuclear reactors in India. Each reactor of over 1,000 MW capacity costs between USD 8-10 billion.
Meanwhile, stating that the demand for power in the country will double to two trillion units in five years, Mr. Goyal said efforts are being made to increase coal production, strengthen electricity transmission network, get gas-based power plants back on stream and improve the bankability of projects in the power sector.
Renewable energy was another thrust area and measures were being taken to ensure that solar power generation would touch 100 GW by 2019. The government also expects to nearly double the installed wind generation capacity to more than 40,000 MW by 2019.
LIVE: India Economic Summit organised by the WEF

The Guardian reports that anShare on WhatsApp
An unprecedented international investigation into tax deals struck with Luxembourg has uncovered the multi-billion dollar tax secrets of some of the world’s largest multinational corporations.
A cache of almost 28,000 pages of leaked tax agreements, returns and other sensitive papers relating to over 1,000 businesses paints a damning picture of an EU state which is quietly rubber-stamping tax avoidance on an industrial scale.
The documents show that major companies — including drugs group Shire , City trading firm Icap and vacuum cleaner firm Dyson, who are headquartered in the UK or Ireland — have used complex webs of internal loans and interest payments which have slashed the companies’ tax bills. These arrangements, signed off by the Grand Duchy, are perfectly legal.
The documents also show how some 340 companies from around the world arranged specially-designed corporate structures with the Luxembourg authorities. The businesses include corporations such as Pepsi, Ikea, Accenture, Burberry, Procter & Gamble, Heinz, JP Morgan and FedEx. Leaked papers relating to the Coach handbag firm, drugs group Abbott Laboratories, Amazon, Deutsche Bank and Australian financial group Macquarie are also included.
A Guardian analysis has found:
A Luxembourg unit of Shire, the FTSE-100 drug firm behind attention deficit pill Adderall, received more than $1.9bn in interest income from other group companies in the last five years, paying corporation tax of less than $2m over four of the years despite minimal overheads.
Vacuum and hand dryer firm Dyson set up companies in the Isle of Man and Luxembourg to pour £300m of internal loans into its UK operations in 2011. Interest payments made on those loans slashed Dyson’s UK tax bill and were instead taxed at only around 1% in Luxembourg, saving Dyson companies millions in tax.
Icap, the financial trading firm run by leading Conservative party donor Michael Spencer, lent $870m from Luxembourg to its US business for seven years. Interest paid out from US companies on those loans was £247m, which was taxed at a fraction of official corporation tax rates in the US and UK.
Stephen Shay, a Harvard Law School professor who has held senior tax roles in the US Treasury and who last year gave expert testimony on Apple’s tax avoidance structures in a Senate investigation, said: “Clearly the database is evidencing a pervasive enabling by Luxembourg of multinationals’ avoidance of taxes [around the world].” He described the Grand Duchy as being “like a magical fairyland.”
"Luxembourg is like a magical fairyland"
Stephen Shay, Harvard professor
There is growing political pressure in the UK and abroad to stop companies exploiting international tax rules to slash their tax bills. In January last year David Cameron told business leaders gathered at the World Economic Forum in Davos he would not tolerate big multinationals avoiding tax. In particular, he criticised how “companies navigate their way around legitimate tax systems ... with an army of clever accountants”.
Chancellor George Osborne has pledged to reveal new measures next month to stop global corporations diverting profits offshore. Barack Obama has condemned tax avoiding companies as “unpatriotic” and the G20 group of nations is working on new rules to rein in aggressive tax planning.
The revelations will be embarrassing for the new president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, who was prime minister of Luxembourg between 1995 and 2013. In a speech in Brussels in July, Juncker promised to “try to put some morality, some ethics, into the European tax landscape.” He has insisted that the country is not a tax haven.
Pressure is already building on Luxembourg after the European Commission launched a formal investigation into whether Amazon’s tax arrangements in the Grand Duchy amount to unfair state aid. The Luxembourg tax arrangements of Italian carmaker Fiat’s finance unit are also under official scrutiny by Brussels.
Asked recently if such a crackdown risked damaging the economy of Luxembourg, one senior figure closely involved in the G20 reform programme said: “I don’t care. It is like saying: ‘If you fight drugs there will be no jobs in certain parts of Mexico.’”
Recent scrutiny by politicians and media organisations of aggressive structures used by technology groups such as Apple, Google and Amazon have suggested US digital firms are at the vanguard of cross-border tax avoidance. But today’s revelations show many European multinationals in non-digital industries have also made extensive use of tax engineering.
More than 80 journalists in 26 countries, working in collaboration through the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, have spent six months scrutinising the leaked papers - after a small number of the documents were first revealed by French TV journalist Edouard Perrin. The papers largely relate to clients of PricewaterhouseCoopers Luxembourg. PwC is one of the largest tax advisory groups in the world.
The leaked papers show Luxembourg acting as a go-between, both enabling and masking tax avoidance, which always takes place beyond its borders. The documents are mainly Advance Tax Agreements - known as comfort letters. The leaked papers include 548 of these private tax rulings. These ATAs are typically schemes put to the Luxembourg tax authorities which, if implemented, reduce tax bills substantially. If the Luxembourg authorities approve the scheme they provide a comfort letter which is a binding agreement.
The EC’s Amazon and Fiat investigations were launched after Brussels officials demanded that Luxembourg hand over certain ATAs.
"[I will] try to put some morality, some ethics, into the European tax landscape."
Jean-Claude Juncker
Less than a third of the tax deals brokered by PwC in the 28,000 pages of documents include a figure for the sums multinationals planned to move into Luxembourg schemes. However, these deals still amounted to more than $215bn of loans and investments using the Grand Duchy between 2002 and 2010, many to massage down tax bills.
Given that many more leaked papers did not disclose sums involved, and that PwC was just one of several accounting firms which secure deals with the Luxembourg tax authorities, the full scale of financial flows through Luxembourg, facilitated by comfort letters from the Grand Duchy’s officials, is likely to be much higher.
PwC said questions put to it by ICIJ journalists were based on “outdated” and “stolen” information, “the theft of which is in the hands of the relevant authorities”.
But analysis of public filings with company registries around the world indicate many of the leaked tax deals remain in force, sapping tax revenues from public coffers today.
The Guardian’s detailed findings were put to Shire, Icap and Dyson. All three declined to answer questions. They issued statements saying that they do not engage in tax avoidance and that they pay tax in the countries where profits are made.
Dyson stressed that its Isle of Man and Luxembourg structure was unwound in 2013. Icap said it had started a process of winding down its Luxembourg financing companies last month as part of a wider reorganisation.
Many papers in the leaked tax correspondence do not reveal enough information to clearly show tax consequences of each group’s corporate structuring. And some corporations will have sought comfort letters from Luxembourg for reasons other than tax avoidance.
Many large private equity investments are also the subject of Luxembourg ATAs. Well known buyout firms such as Blackstone and Carlyle appear in the leaked documents, and Luxembourg investment vehicles are commonplace in such investment firms.
A 2008 joint venture between private equity group Apax Partners and Guardian Media Group, which owns the Guardian, also used a Luxembourg structure after it invested in magazine and events group Emap, now called Top Right.
A spokesman for GMG said: “We partnered with a private equity company which regularly used such structures. A Luxembourg entity was used because Apax already had that structure in place. The fact that the parent company is a Luxembourg company does not give rise to any UK corporation tax savings for GMG.”
How it works
The documents reveal a number of financial structures which were approved by the Luxembourg tax authorities, and which led to substantial tax savings for the companies involved. One of the more common is based on cross-border lending within a group of companies, and a mismatch between the perceptions of Luxembourg and overseas tax authorities.
Graphic: Daan Louter, Simon Bowers, Cath Levett, Seán Clarke
How Shire’s internal lending cuts its tax bill
A tiny Luxembourg-based unit of Shire, a multinational drug firm specialising in treatments for ADHD, Crohn’s disease and rare genetic disorders, has become one of the most profitable outposts of the pharmaceutical empire. Shire is a £24bn transatlantic drugs group with big operations in the UK town of Basingstoke, and Pennsylvania and Massachusetts in the US. It shifted its corporate head office from the UK to Ireland for tax purposes in 2008 and is registered in the tax-friendly island of Jersey. The majority of its sales are in north America.
One of Shire’s Luxembourg units has made $1.87bn in profits in the last five years, largely from making loans to sister companies, as it charged interest rates of up to 9% on those loans. With what appears to be the consent of the Luxembourg authorities, the enormous profits generated by this unit were taxed at a fraction of 1%.
Shire’s tiny Luxembourg finance company in an office with dozens of other corporate occupants — Shire Holdings Europe No2 Sarl, or SHES2 for short — has lent out a total of more than $10bn.
Away from Luxembourg, more than two-thirds of Shire’s $5bn in annual revenues came from the sale of prescription drugs in the US and Canada last year. But group profits around the world were taxed at an average of 16.4% — less than half the official tax rate for most big businesses in America.
Somehow, the FTSE 100 firm had hit upon the holy grail of tax management: a structure that allowed it to access some of the most profitable healthcare markets in the world while keeping its tax bill low at the same time.
The main factor pushing down its tax bill is explained in the smallprint of the group’s annual report as “intra-group items”. That is, the tax consequences of investments and transactions between Shire group companies around the world.
Leaked letters from PwC, Shire’s tax advisers, reveal how far Shire was prepared to go to conjure up tax advantages through highly artificial tax structures.
The confidential papers reveal the critical role in group tax planning played by SHES2 — one of seven Shire companies incorporated in Luxembourg.
Over the last five years this business received $1.91bn of interest income from loans it made to other Shire companies, including more than $580m last year alone. By the end of 2013, sister companies within the Shire group owed SHES2 more than $10bn in loans and interest — equivalent to more than two years’ sales for the entire group.
The Guardian asked Shire why it had such large internal loans when the overall group had few borrowing needs. Shire declined to comment.
The borrower companies and where they operate remains unknown. It is likely however that the vast interest payments have created huge tax deductions for these sister units, whose profits are lowered by the cost of paying the interest on the Luxembourg loans.
With minimal operating costs — including staff wage bills of less than $55,000 a year — SHES2 appears to be one of Shire’s most lucrative business units with profits over five years of $1.87bn.
But Shire’s annual report makes mention of SHES2 only once, in an appendix that lists the group’s subsidiaries.
Meanwhile, accounts for SHES2, filed in Luxembourg, show that, despite its towering profits, the company recorded no corporate income tax charge at all.
The Guardian sent a reporter to the offices of SHES2 in Luxembourg but found few of the trappings to be expected of a multi-million-dollar enterprise. Watch footage of Rupert Neate attempting to find a SHES2 employee in Luxembourg:
Video: Guardian reporter Rupert Neate visits the offices of Shire Holdings Europe
Company filings show SHES2 had just four official managers, two of whom were senior figures in Shire’s tax department, working at UK head office in Basingstoke, England. Among them is Fearghas Carruthers, the group’s head of tax.
The key to solving the riddle of how SHES2 appears to have made $1.91bn of interest income almost disappear for tax purposes is found in leaked Luxembourg letters from tax advisers at PwC to the local tax office. They offer a rare glimpse into the group’s labyrinthine corporate structures.
A diagram provided by PwC to help the Luxembourg tax authority to understand the corporate structure of Shire. The Guardian has picked out SHES2 and an Irish company called Shire Holdings Ireland No.2 Limited in yellow. The circle labelled “LuxPE” is the Irish company’s Luxembourg branch. Photograph: Guardian
The answer lies in Ireland, where Shire moved its corporate headquarters from the UK in 2008 after the Labour government had attempted a crackdown on UK multinationals using internal financing companies in aggressive tax planning structures.
Among a cluster of Irish-registered Shire firms is a holding company Shire Holdings Ireland No.2 Limited, or SHIL2 for short. This Irish company has for years been charging itself interest on billions of dollars of loans — to itself. More specifically, the interest has been charged on loans from SHIL2’s head office registered near Dublin to a SHIL2 branch office in Luxembourg. Rupert Neate returned - to the same office block on the outskirts of Luxembourg city - to enquire about SHIL2.
Video: Guardian reporter Rupert Neate visits the offices of Shire Holdings Ireland (Luxembourg)
Leaked papers show that Shire’s tax advisers told the Luxembourg tax authorities that this unusual lending within the same legal entity had transformed the drug group’s wider activities in the Grand Duchy into a lending conduit: pushing one large loan from Ireland, through two Luxembourg units (SHIL2 and SHES2), and onwards to Shire companies around the world.
Such a chain of back-to-back lending, advisers from PwC argued, effectively meant Shire’s intra-group loans were only passing through Luxembourg. Therefore, the local taxman did not need to conduct a rigorous assessment of Shire’s tax liabilities. The full Luxembourg corporate tax rate should still apply, but only on a notional amount of profit. In Shire’s case, PwC suggested, the Grand Duchy should be satisfied taxing just “1/64%” — that is 0.0156% — of the billions in loans and interest owing to SHES2.
A letter of consent from the Luxembourg tax office does not appear in the cache of leaked files, but it is clear from publicly available filings elsewhere that the avoidance structure was set up in 2008 and appears to have remained active at least as recently as the end of 2013.
By the end, the complex structure had created a multi-billion-dollar lending chain, bearing no relation to Shire’s overall borrowing needs. The structure appeared to have little commercial benefit other than a tax conjuring trick: tax bills have been lowered for Shire borrower companies around the world while the group’s Luxembourg operations had all but escaped corresponding tax on the interest income.
In a statement, the group said: “Shire Holdings Europe No.2 Sarl, is part of our overall treasury operations. We have a responsibility to all our stakeholders to manage our business responsibly; this includes managing our tax affairs in the interest of all stakeholders.”
Icap’s skeleton-staffed multimillion dollar office
Above a stamp shop, behind closed office blinds, on the first floor of a terrace building overlooking a park on Boulevard Prince Henri in Luxembourg City, the lights appear to be out.
When the Guardian pressed the buzzer one October afternoon a male voice, with what seems a Dutch accent, sounds over the crackly intercom. The speaker confirmed this was, indeed, the Luxembourg offices of Icap, the London-listed financial trading group.
Polite and good humoured, he chuckled and apologised for having to catch his breath, explaining he has just run down some stairs to answer the buzzer. He said little else about Icap’s Luxembourg lending operations, however, and wouldn’t let the Guardian in the building. Watch footage of our reporter, Rupert Neate, trying to make contact.
Video: Guardian reporter Rupert Neate calls at the multimillion dollar Icap operation in Luxembourg
Official filings show two Icap companies at this address. Together they have sucked hundreds of millions of dollars in interest income out of the high-tax US and, with the help of a third Icap unit, and made them all but disappear for tax purposes.
Together they had lent a total of $870m to Icap operations in America by March 2008. Annual accounts since then show these loans remained on the companies’ books unchanged every year. They were still outstanding at the end of March this year.
Last week the Guardian approached Icap with the findings from its investigation into the broker firm’s Luxembourg activities. In response, Icap explained that the loans had just recently been repaid in full by the group’s US operations, and that a process to wind down its Luxembourg unit had begun only last month.
No such information was relayed by the voice on the intercom, though Icap’s local manager has since explained that Luxembourg secrecy laws meant he could not offer explanations.
Company accounts suggest neither of the two Icap lending firms had much commercial activity - other than the holding of large loans to the US.
The companies’ names are as long as they are uninformative — Icap Luxembourg Holdings (No.1) Sarl and Icap Luxembourg (No.2) Sarl. In leaked tax correspondence they are abbreviated to generic terms “LuxCo1” and “LuxCo2”.
A detail from one of the documents shows part of Icap’s corporate structure, as it relates to Luxembourg. Photograph: Guardian
Over the last seven years, the two each had just one employee — paid an annual wage of less than $15,000 — while other costs of operating above the stamp shop have also been consistently small.
It is a far cry from Icap’s busy trading desks in New York and London, scenes from which every year appear in the newspapers as a string of celebrities take over the dealing phones as part of a charity day . Last year the Duchess of Cornwall and Strictly Come Dancing’s Craig Revel Horwood manned the lines.
Offering services in many of the busiest financial markets — foreign exchange, credit, interest rates and equities — the group has a busy role at the heart of the City of London, Wall Street and other financial centres.
The chief executive, Michael Spencer, has the best political connections, serving as treasurer of the Conservative party between 2006 an 2010. His donations to the party have totalled nearly £5m.
But no celebrities or cabinet ministers have ties to Icap’s quiet Luxembourg offices. LuxCo1 and LuxCo2 are not mentioned among the 22 main subsidiaries listed in Icap’s annual report. Yet together the two companies received a total of $247m in interest on their loans to the US in the last seven years.
And thanks to modest overheads - the pedestrian office, the single employee - almost all of the interest income converted into profit, making LuxCo1 and LuxCo2 among the most lucrative subsidiaries within the Icap empire.
The tax position on the Luxembourg lending profits is less than clear from company accounts, which record both LuxCo1 and LuxCo2 as having no income tax to pay at all for the seven years reviewed by the Guardian.
The true position, however, is discoverable with the help of leaked tax approvals given to Icap, in private, by the Luxembourg taxman. These show that LuxCo1 and LuxCo2 were treated in their tax returns as part of a lending chain. Although neither company had any borrowings themselves, another ICAP unit, registered to the same address on Boulevard Prince Henri did.
The Icap borrower company in question has an innocuous sounding name — ICAP US Holdings No2 Ltd, or ICAP US2 for short — but it is a truly exotic corporate creature. Despite having just one employee, paid $12,000 in Luxembourg, this UK tax-resident company has three registered addresses: a law firm in Gibraltar; Icap’s international headquarters on Broadgate in the City of London; and the office above the stamp shop on Boulevard Prince Henri.
A clue as to its importance to Icap’s finance and tax affairs comes from the list of directors at Icap US2. These include Stephen Caplen, deputy financial director for the Icap group, and David Ireland, Icap’s head of tax. In the Luxembourg branch office, meanwhile, the sole “représentant permanent” is the non-board member Paul de Haan. Watch the video to learn more about Mr de Haan’s role.
A leaked Luxembourg tax deal, covering all three Icap financing units, shows these units were treated collectively as a the middle link in a lending chain: a conduit rather than a lender.
As a result, the local tax office agreed, the borrowing activities of Icap US2’s Luxembourg branch was generating tax deductions that could be neatly offset against the tax liabilities on almost all interest income earned at LuxCo1 and LuxCo2.
The resulting near-zero tax bill in Luxembourg could hardly be seen as controversial — so long, of course, as the millions paid out in interest by Icap US2 in the Grand Duchy was taxed when it became income for the lending company. And therein lies the twist.
The lender to ICAP US2 was, in fact, ICAP US 2 itself. More precisely, ICAP US2 was lending hundreds of millions of dollars to its Luxembourg branch. In an exotic arrangement — one seen elsewhere repeatedly in the leaked tax files — the group was effectively paying interest to itself.
Meanwhile, in Britain, tax inspectors scrutinising this arrangement recognised there was something unusual afoot. But there was not much they could do to block it, because the UK does not recognise such internal company lending as taxable.
The result was that Icap’s interest payments - paid by Icap US2’s Luxembourg branch to another part of Icap US2 in a different country - almost disappeared, for tax purposes. The saving ran into many tens of million of dollars.
That said, the UK taxman was not entirely without powers to act. HMRC was able to use its anti-avoidance powers, under the so-called “controlled foreign companies” regime, to winkle out a relatively small amount of tax from Icap US2.
Over the last five years for which there are available accounts, Icap US2 appears to have paid an average corporate income tax of $3m a year to HMRC and $83,500 to Luxembourg.
While the precise effective tax rate achieved on Icap’s interest income is hard to calculate, it is clear that it is a fraction of the headline corporate tax rates in the US and UK over the last seven years.
In a statement to the Guardian, Icap said: “Icap is a British company, which has always paid more tax than the UK corporation tax rate, and we do not engage in aggressive tax avoidance. We pay all taxes due on the profits earned in the countries in which we operate. Our Luxembourg financing operation was created to support a series of acquisitions Icap made in the US in the 2000’s, and is now being wound down to reduce costs. Its profits were taxed in the UK. It is an entirely standard financing method and was agreed by HMRC.”
Dyson sweeps away profits from the taxman
Up until 2010 the corporate structure behind Dyson, the hand dryer and vacuum cleaner group, was as functional as its products.
Shares in Dyson James Ltd (DJL), the main business, based in Malmesbury in Wiltshire, were owned by inventor and entrepreneur Sir James Dyson, with the founder’s three children each holding minority stakes.
The billionaire industrial designer, who came up with the bagless vacuum cleaner and built a company with a £1bn turnover, has become a figurehead and spokesman for UK engineering and science.
In the late 2000s a rash of businesses moved their headquarter operations abroad. Shire, UBM and WPP had moved to Ireland. Ineos switched to Switzerland. Dyson did not approve.
“We don’t have any plans to do that [move tax domicile],” he said in 2008. “I think it’s wrong to direct your business for tax reasons. Your business should be where you can do it best.”
However, his company went on to use elaborate tax structures after he made those comments.
At the start of 2010, new tiers of holding and finance companies began sprouting into life above DJL.
Shares in DJL were now owned by a new UK holding company: Dyson James Group Ltd (DJG), which in turn became a subsidiary of Clear Cover Ltd, a parent company incorporated in Malta.
Two group financing companies were also established: one in the Isle of Man called Silver Cyclone, one in Luxembourg called Blue Blade.
Leaked details of tax deals with the Luxembourg tax office show these were to be the vehicles for a £300m injection of loans into DJG in the UK. Like all good corporate manoeuvres it was given a muscular-sounding code name: Project Ajax.
In a matter of months, the simple corporate architecture that existed before had been swept aside. Dyson and his children remained the ultimate owners but their immediate interest was now in a company registered to an address on Tingé Point in the Maltese costal town of Sliema, the site of a former British barracks.
Back in Britain, financial transactions that bore little relation to breaking new ground in product design began to take place. Instead of product engineering, this was financial engineering.
In 2010 DJG had to meet new interest costs of £5.37m that were paid to newly-created sister company Blue Blade, filings in Luxembourg show. These costs are thought to have been largely or entirely tax-deductible - meaning they lowered profits at DJG, and thus its tax bill.
Dyson declined to confirm this, saying only that tax matters were commercially sensitive.
Accounts for Blue Blade show the company’s corporation tax for 2010 was just £55,037 — an effective tax rate of just under 1%. Somehow the business had escaped tax at anything close to the then headline rate of over 28% in Luxembourg.
Only in leaked tax papers is an explanation to be found. In a 2009 letter to Marius Kohl, one of Luxembourg’s top taxmen, Dyson’s tax advisers at PwC argued the case for Blue Blade to be charged tax on only a small fraction of its interest income.
The letter makes clear PwC had met with Kohl to discuss the matter a month earlier.
At the heart of the tax advisers’ case was a claim that Blue Blade should pay almost no tax because although it had lent £300m to DJG, it had also borrowed £299m from Isle of Man-based Silver Cyclone.
PwC make no secret of the fact that the loan from the Isle of Man was interest-free. Nevertheless, it suggests, Blue Blade should properly benefit from a tax deduction as if it had been required to pay interest to Silver Cyclone.
“[Blue Blade] will be allowed to deduct a deemed interest on its interest free debt involved in the financial on-lending activity”, PwC wrote. Rather than taxing all of Blue Blade’s lending profits, Luxembourg should only tax a tiny fraction of the sums borrowed.
The nine-page PwC letter was sent to Kohl on 11 November. On the same day, the Luxembourg taxman sent back a two-paragraph reply: “Further to your letter... relating to the transactions that [the Dyson group] would like to conduct, I find the contents of said letter to be in compliance with the current tax legislation and administrative practice.”
With these words, Kohl provided official sanction for the Dyson scheme to go ahead as PwC had described.
The Guardian asked the Dyson group why Blue Blade should qualify for a tax deduction over “deemed interest” costs when, in reality, this company had almost no borrowing costs thanks to the interest-free loan from Silver Cyclone. Dyson did not answer.
In a statement it said: “Advice a number of years ago was that a non-UK holding structure would aid growth further, however, that has not turned out to be the case and the holding structure of Dyson group is now entirely in the UK.”
For reasons unknown, the £300m loan from Blue Blade was repaid in less than a year. But analysis of Dyson filings in the UK, Luxembourg, Malta and Isle of Man show that in 2011 the group rebuilt a near identical structure. This time, however, millions of pounds in interest payments from UK operations went to a Luxembourg company called Copper Blade. And the payments were higher as the Malmesbury holding company had borrowed £550m.
This large loan was partly repaid in 2011 and again in 2012, with all debts and the entire structure unwound last year.
Dyson told the Guardian: “The Dyson family business paid £330m in UK tax over the past three years, clearly not the act of a company avoiding its fair share of tax. Dyson’s success means that over 85% of its technology is sold overseas ... At no time did the [group’s former] non-UK structure deliver any significant tax advantage and, of the entities in question all have been dissolved or are in a liquidation process.”
Analysis: Havens make for a global race to the bottom
Richard Brooks writes: “Occupying a damp 1,000 square miles where the French, German and Belgian borders meet, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg is a far cry from the palm-fringed tropical island tax haven of popular imagination.
“In fact the country owes its status as the world’s premier corporate tax haven to its position at the heart of Europe. A founding member of the European Economic Community in 1957, Luxembourg enjoys all the freedoms governing investment in what is now the European Union. These and a network of taxation agreements with all the world’s leading economies ensure the Grand Duchy is accepted in a club of leading nations that share basic principles on how to tax corporations operating across national borders.

inquiry into current accounts and business lendingUK banks to face competition inquiry
The inquiry is expected to take 18 months, the CMA says
A competition inquiry that could result in a major shake-up of banks' current accounts and small business banking has been launched.
The probe , first proposed in July, has now been confirmed by the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA).
It will investigate the difficulties customers face in switching banks, the lack of smaller competitors to the "big four" banks, and lending to businesses.
Some large banks said the probe was unnecessary.
Theoretically, the inquiry could conclude that a break-up of the biggest banks is required, although such a move is unlikely.
Other potential outcomes could include a demand for more transparency over fees, such as overdraft charges, branch networks being split up, and proposals that could affect the future of "free" banking.
'Backward looking'
In a submission to the CMA, Barclays said it felt the review was "not appropriate at this time".
"Various developments, innovations and stimuli are changing the competitive landscape in in relation to both [personal current accounts] and [small and medium enterprises] banking, and these must be given time to mature," it added.
Banks are pro-competition - they compete for business every day”
End Quote Anthony Browne. Chief executive, BBA
Lloyds Banking Group , which is still partly owned by the taxpayer, said that although it would work with the CMA, it did "not consider that such a reference is necessary", while HSBC , in its submission, said it was concerned that the CMA had previously "taken a backward looking view" of both current accounts and small business lending.
But the BBA, which represents the banking sector, said the industry would "co-operate fully with any investigation".
"Banks are pro-competition - they compete for business every day," said BBA chief executive Anthony Browne.
Business group the British Chambers of Commerce said it welcomed the review.
"For many years Britain's dysfunctional banking sector has struggled to meet the needs of [small and medium enterprises], impeding the growth prospects of some of our most promising young companies."
Some of the smaller players have also called for the inquiry to highlight the dominance of the big four banking groups - Lloyds, RBS, Barclays and HSBC.
"No market where such a small number of players hold such a large percentage of the market share should be described as efficient or competitive," said Craig Donaldson, chief executive of Metro bank.
Analysis: Kamal Ahmed, BBC business editor
When the Competition and Markets Authority talks about lack of "transparency" in banking, they are highlighting one of the key anomalies of the banking market - that current accounts are ostensibly free.
A "free" upfront product raises all sorts of tensions in any market as commercial operators have to make their profits elsewhere. This is often in hidden charges and - in the case of banking - what is called forgone interest (that is interest not paid on deposits).
I am sure the issue of "free in-credit banking" will be part of this review. If customers paid up front for accounts would they demand a better service? Would they be more likely to switch if they were not satisfied with their bank? If customers are charged for bank accounts, what does that mean for people on lower incomes, would they be priced out of full service banking?
These are difficult issues, and ones which the CMA will be looking to answer.
Concerns
The image of the bank branch has changed over the decades
After carrying out a consultation with members of the public, banks and other industry bodies, the CMA outlined four main concerns about banking services in the UK:
Few customers switching banks or shopping around for the best rate
Lack of transparency and difficulties in comparing services from different banks
The barriers faced by smaller banks trying to enter the market
The continued dominance of the "big four" banks which control 77% of the current account market and 85% of business current accounts
The submissions to CMA included views from bank customers . One suggests that the "switching task appears more massive and expensive than it probably is".
The latest figures show that since a new, quicker switching system was introduced a year ago, 1.2 million current accounts have been switched.
Current account holders can now move their bank account to another provider within seven working days instead of up to 30 days under the previous regime.
There are 65 million active personal current accounts in the UK, and 4.5 million current accounts used by small and medium sized businesses.

Watchdog launches inquiry into UK banks© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/24869ea2-6587-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Effort to boost UK challenger banksEffort to boost UK ‘challenger’ banks
Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9d6f9a7c-5519-11e4-b616-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investors search for high-yield bargainsJunk bond rebound follows end of QE
Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a10727ca-64f7-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

reporting another fall in sales+1.26
The group's total sales, excluding fuel, were down 3.6%.
Discount chains such as Lidl and Aldi are eating into the market share of big supermarkets, including Tesco. On Thursday, Danish discount chain Netto announced it was returning to the UK in a joint venture with Sainsbury's.
Morrisons, the fourth biggest UK supermarket chain, has begun price-matching the discounters. Mr Philips said Morrisons was the only major chain to do this.
Analysts said that there were early signs that the restructuring strategy may be working, and Morrison's shares rose 6% in early trading on Thursday. However, the shares have fallen 40% in the past year.
Richard Hunter, head of equities at Hargreaves Lansdown Stockbrokers, said: "Whilst it is too early to say whether Morrisons throwing down the gauntlet to the discounters will succeed, the current picture is one of a beleaguered supermarket within a tough sector."
But he added: "There are some indications of progress - the financial stability mentioned at the interims seems to have been maintained given the group's capital discipline, the 'Match & More' scheme is a clear statement of intent, and the roll out of convenience stores remains on track."
More on This Story

Manufacturing recorded healthyFigure 5: Contribution to production percentage growth, between Q2 2014 and Q3 2014
Growth rates can be found in the chart download
Notes:
Source: Primarily Monthly Business Survey (Production and Services) - Office for National Statistics
Download chart
(19.5 Kb)
Figure 6: Contribution to production percentage growth, between September 2013 and September 2014
Growth rates can be found in the chart download or in the attached IoP 5 tables
Notes:
Source: Primarily Monthly Business Survey (Production and Services) - Office for National Statistics
Download chart
(19.5 Kb)
Figure 7: Contribution to production percentage growth, between August 2014 and September 2014
Growth rates can be found in the chart download or in the attached IoP 5 tables
Notes:
Source: Primarily Monthly Business Survey (Production and Services) - Office for National Statistics
Download chart
(28 Kb)
Total production
As seen in Table 3, total production increased by 0.2% in Q3 2014 compared with Q2 2014, the seventh consecutive quarterly increase since December 2012.  This increase was lower than the forecasted rise of 0.5% contained within the recent GDP preliminary estimate . This was due to late revisions to electricity, gas, steam & air conditioning sector data, caused by the receipt of late data to replace estimates. The increase in total production reflected rises in two of the four main sectors with manufacturing (the largest component in production) being the largest contributor, increasing by 0.4% and contributing 0.3 percentage points to total production.
Total production output in September 2014 increased by 1.5% compared with September 2013, see Table 3. The only positive contributor was manufacturing, which increased by 2.9% and contributed 2.0 percentage points to total production. This increase was partially offset by decreases in the other main sectors, mining & quarrying; electricity, gas, steam & air conditioning; and water supply, sewerage & waste management.
Between August 2014 and September 2014, total production increased by 0.6%, see Table 3. This increase was the highest since February 2014. The increase in total production reflected increases in three of its main sectors, see Figure 7. The largest positive contributor to the increase was mining & quarrying, which increased by 3.8% and contributed 0.5 percentage points. Partially offsetting the increase was a decrease in electricity, gas, steam & air conditioning output, which decreased by 4.5% and contributed 0.3 percentage points.
Manufacturing
Manufacturing increased by 0.4% in Q3 compared with Q2 2014, as forecasted within the latest GDP preliminary estimate. Output increased in seven of its 13 subsectors. As seen in Figure 5, the subsector with the largest contribution was the manufacture of food products, beverages & tobacco, which increased by 1.3% and contributed 0.1 percentage points to total production. The largest contribution to this growth came from the bakery & farinaceous products industry, which increased by 5.2% and contributed 0.1 percentage points to total production.
In contrast, the manufacturing subsector with the largest downward contribution to total production was the manufacture of textiles, wearing apparel & leather products, which decreased by 6.9% and contributed 0.2 percentage points to total production.
Manufacturing output increased by 2.9% between September 2013 and September 2014 and contributed 2.0 percentage points to total production growth. Output increased in eight of the 13 manufacturing subsectors compared with a year ago (see Figure 6 for the contribution to production growth from each of the main sectors and subsectors). The manufacturing subsector with the largest upward contribution to total production growth was the manufacture of food products, beverages & tobacco, which increased by 7.3% and contributed 0.7 percentage points. The main contributor within this subsector was the bakery & farinaceous products industry, which increased by 9.2% and contributed 0.2 percentage points to total production.
In contrast, the manufacturing subsector with the largest downward contribution to total production was the manufacture of basic pharmaceutical products & pharmaceutical preparations, which decreased by 3.6% and contributed 0.2 percentage points.
Manufacturing output increased by 0.4% between August 2014 and September 2014, its fourth consecutive increase since May 2014. There were increases in seven of the 13 manufacturing subsectors (see Figure 7). The manufacturing subsector with the largest contribution to total production was the manufacture of transport equipment, which increased by 3.0% and contributed 0.4 percentage points to total production. This followed a decrease of 2.6%, revised from a decrease of 3.1% in the previous month. The main contributor to the increase was the motor vehicles, trailers & semi trailers industry, which increased by 4.2% and contributed 0.2 percentage points to total production, having decreased by 5.5% in the previous month, mainly attributed to the extended summer shutdowns.
In contrast to the above increases, the manufacturing subsector with the largest downward contribution to total production was basic metals & metal products, which decreased by 3.3% and contributed 0.3 percentage points.
Mining and quarrying
Mining & quarrying output decreased by 1.7% in Q3 2014 compared with Q2 2014, having decreased in Q2 by 0.3%. The subsector with the largest downward contribution to total production was the extraction of crude petroleum & natural gas, which decreased by 2.4% and contributed 0.2 percentage points to total production (see Figure 5). The quarterly decrease in this sector was mainly due to the impact of the summer maintenance period on production over the previous two months.
Mining & quarrying output decreased by 1.7% between September 2013 and September 2014, the fourth consecutive decrease since May 2014. The subsector with the largest contribution (see Figure 6) was the extraction of crude petroleum & natural gas, which decreased by 4.7% and contributed 0.5 percentage points to total production.
Mining & quarrying output increased by 3.8% in September 2014 compared with August  2014, having decreased by 1.8% the previous month. The subsector with the largest contribution was the extraction of crude petroleum & natural gas, which increased by 5.2% and contributed 0.5 percentage points to total production (see Figure 7). A contributing factor to this increase was the resumption of oil production in some of the large North Sea oil fields, such as Buzzard, due to extended maintenance over the summer period. 
Electricity, gas, steam & air conditioning
Electricity, gas, steam & air conditioning output increased by 2.6% in Q3 2014 compared with Q2 2014, the second consecutive quarter on quarter increase. The only contributor to the increase was the manufacture of gas & distribution of gaseous fuels through mains, which increased by 13.1% and contributed 0.3 percentage points to total production, (see Figure 5). This increase was mainly attributed to the increase in demand for gas sent out for the purpose of electricity generation and domestic space heating.
Electricity, gas, steam & air conditioning output decreased by 2.7% in September 2014 compared with September 2013 and contributed 0.2 percentage points to total production (see Figure 6). This reflected a decrease in output in one of its two sub sectors, electric power generation, transmission & distribution, which decreased by 6.2% and contributed 0.3 percentage points to total production. Evidence suggested this decrease was a result of lower demand compared with a year ago.
Electricity, gas, steam & air conditioning output decreased by 4.5% in September 2014 compared with August 2014 and contributed 0.3 percentage points to total production. The decrease was in both of its sectors (see Figure 7), with the main contributor, the manufacture of gas & distribution of gaseous fuels through mains, decreasing by 9.7% and contributing 0.2 percentage points to total production. Although there was a slight increase in both sectors’ output in real terms, this was still less than seasonally expected for this period, hence the decrease in the seasonally adjusted index.
Water & waste management
Water supply, sewerage & waste management output decreased by 0.4% in Q3 2014 compared with Q2 2014, the third successive quarterly decline since Q4 2013, when it increased by 0.5%. The largest contributor to the decrease was sewerage output, which decreased by 3.3% and contributed 0.1 percentage points to total production.
Water supply, sewerage & waste management output in September 2014 decreased by 1.4% compared with September 2013. This decrease reflected falls in two of its subsectors' output (see Figure 6). The largest contributor to the decrease was sewerage output, which decreased by 5.0% and contributed 0.1 percentage points to total production.
Water supply, sewerage & waste management output increased by 1.5% between August 2014 and September 2014, with increases in output in all of its four subsectors (see Figure 7). The largest contributor to the increase was waste collection, treatment & disposal activities, which increased by 2.2% and contributed 0.1 to total production.
Revisions to IoP
Revisions to the Index of Production follow the National Accounts Revisions policy (27.8 Kb Pdf) . Revisions are caused by a number of factors including, but not limited to: revisions to source data due to late responses to the Monthly Business Survey (MBS), actual data replacing forecast data and revisions to seasonal factors that are re-estimated every period. ONS produces revisions triangles of production and manufacturing growth to provide users with one indication of the reliability of this key indicator. Statistical tests are performed on the average revision to test if it is statistically significantly different from zero. Further information can be found in background note 5.
In this release of data, the earliest period open for revision is July 2014. There were no revisions to IoP month on month growth rates greater than 0.2%. In July 2014 and August 2014 there was a downward revision of 0.1% to the growth of the IoP. This was mainly attributed to late revisions to electricity, gas, steam & air conditioning data, supplied by the Department of Energy and Climate Change (DECC).  This was due to late responses providing a more complete data set. There is minimal impact on previously published GDP estimates as a result of this revision. Further details on the revisions to IoP components can be found in the IoP5R tables, located within the data section of this release.
Industry Spotlight: Manufacture of Textiles
According to the Standard Industrial Classification 2007 (SIC07) the textiles sub-sector is defined as the manufacture of textiles, wearing apparel and leather & related products. The manufacture of textiles has been in long term decline; this differs from the performance of total manufacturing output, which grew steadily until the mid-1990s and has been relatively stable since.
A long term view of the textile industry shows that its performance has varied markedly since 1948. Output within the industry remained broadly flat through the 1950s and early 1960s, before rising to a peak in Q1 1973. However, the manufacture of textiles has declined since; between Q1 1973 and Q3 2014 output fell by 69.6%. During the same period, total manufacturing output increased by 10.4% and as such, the contribution of value added of the textiles industry to the UK manufacturing industry has fallen.
Figure 8: Quarterly manufacturing output of the textiles equipment sub-sector (1948 Q3 - 2014 Q3)
Long run performance of the volume of manufacturing output of the textiles sub-sector
Source: Office for National Statistics
Download chart
XLS format
(35.5 Kb)
The decline in output has coincided with a fall in employment within the textiles industry. Between 1979 and 2013, the number of textiles employee jobs fell by over 90%, from 851,000 to 85,000. This fall was broad based across the three textiles sub-industries; however, in recent years employment in wearing apparel and leather & related products has stabilised, while employment in textiles has continued to fall.
Looking more recently, the textiles industry experienced a sharp decline in output in Q3 2014 (6.9%). Despite signs of a recovery in the industry in the first half of 2014, output is now 3.9% lower than a year ago. This has coincided with a decrease in earnings, as measured by average weekly earnings, falling in August 2014 to the lowest monthly level since April 2012.
Background notes
What's new?
On 6th November 2014 ONS published a short story looking at the changing shape of the UK aerospace manufacturing industry.
The Changing Shape of UK Manufacturing, an event coordinated jointly with the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills, took place on 22nd October 2014. The event featured a range of talks from users, producers and suppliers of manufacturing statistics, not just from government, but also business representatives and academics. To view the content of the day, please visit Storify .
On 31 October 2014, ONS published updated methodology  for the IoP on the guidance and methodology web pages. The updated documentation includes a new and comprehensive source catalogue detailing the methods, data and weights used to compile IoP, IoS and GDP(O).
The GDP Output Improvement Report , published on 30 September 2014, provides a detailed update of the implementation of improvements for Blue Book 2014, progress on industry reviews and wider cross-cutting improvements, a comprehensive timetable for the industry review project, an update of industry quality ratings and progress on experimental statistics. It also features sections on deflation and annual coherence adjustments to improve the understanding and transparency of the methods involved in producing IoP, IoS, and GDP(O).
Upcoming changes
The Index of Production release for October 2014, to be published on Tuesday 9 December 2014, will have a revisions period back to January 2013.
Code of Practice for Official Statistics
National Statistics are produced to high professional standards set out in the Code of Practice for Official Statistics . They undergo regular quality assurance reviews to ensure that they meet customer needs. They are produced free from any political interference.
Understanding the data
Short guide to the Index of Production
This statistical bulletin gives details of the index of output of the production industries in the United Kingdom. Index numbers of output in this statistical bulletin are on the base 2011=100 and are classified to the 2007 Standard Industrial Classification (SIC). The production industries, which accounted for 14.6% of gross domestic product in 2011, cover mining & quarrying (Section B), manufacturing (Section C), gas & electric (Section D), and water supply & sewerage (Section E).
Interpreting the data
The non-seasonally adjusted series contain elements relating to the impact of the standard reporting period, moving holidays and trading day activity. When making comparisons it is recommended that users focus on seasonally adjusted estimates as these have the seasonal effects and systematic calendar related components removed.
Figures for the most recent months are provisional and subject to revision in light of (a) late responses to surveys and administrative sources and (b) revisions to seasonal adjustment factors which are re-estimated every month and reviewed annually (changes from the latest review are included in this release).
Definitions and explanations
Definitions found within the main statistical bulletin are listed:
Chained volume measure
An index number from a chain index of quantity. The index number for the reference period of the index may be set equal to 100 or to the estimated monetary value of the item in the reference period.
Index number
A measure of the average level of prices, quantities or other measured characteristics relative to their level for a defined reference period or location. It is usually expressed as a percentage.
Seasonally adjusted
Seasonal adjustment aids interpretation by removing effects associated with the time of the year or the arrangement of the calendar, which could obscure movements of interest.
Use of the data
The IoP is a key economic indicator and one of the earliest short-term measures of economic activity. The main output is a seasonally adjusted estimate of total production and broad sector groupings of mining & quarrying, manufacturing, energy and water supply & sewerage. The total IoP estimate and various breakdowns are widely used in private and public sector institutions, particularly the Bank of England, Her Majesty’s Treasury and the Office for Budget Responsibility, to assist in informed policy and decision making.
Methods
An article about the Index of Production methodology (78.4 Kb Pdf) is available on the Office for National Statistics website .
Composition of the data
The Index of Production uses a variety of different data from sources which are produced on either a quarterly or monthly basis.
Most of the series are derived using current price turnover deflated by a suitable price index. This includes the Monthly Business Survey (MBS) data; an ONS short-term survey of various industries in the economy. It is one of the main data sources used in the compilation of the Index of Production.
Seasonal adjustment
The index numbers in this statistical bulletin are all seasonally adjusted. This aids interpretation by removing annually recurring fluctuations, for example, due to holidays or other regular seasonal patterns. Unadjusted data are also available.
Seasonal adjustment removes regular variation from a time series. Regular variation includes effects due to month lengths, different activity near particular events such as shopping activity before Christmas, and regular holidays such as the May bank holiday. Some features of the calendar are not regular each year, but are predictable if we have enough data - for example the number of certain days of the week in a month may have an effect, or the impact of the timing of Easter. As Easter changes between March and April we can estimate its effect on time series and allocate it between March and April depending on where Easter falls. Estimates of the effects of day of the week and Easter are used respectively to make trading day and Easter adjustments prior to seasonal adjustments.
Although leap years only happen every four years, they are predictable and regular and their impact can be estimated. Hence, if there is a leap year effect, it is removed as part of regular seasonal adjustment.
Deflation
It is common for the value of a group of financial transactions to be measured in several time periods. The values measured will include both the change in the volume sold and the effect of the change of prices over that year. Deflation is the process whereby the effect of price change is removed from a set of values.
All series, unless otherwise quoted, are chained volume measures. Deflators adjust the value series to take out the effect of price change to give the volume series.
Quality
Basic quality information
A common pitfall in interpreting data is that expectations of accuracy and reliability in early estimates are often too high. Revisions are an inevitable consequence of the trade off between timeliness and accuracy. Early estimates are based on incomplete data.
Very few statistical revisions arise as a result of ‘errors’ in the popular sense of the word. All estimates, by definition, are subject to statistical ‘error’ but in this context the word refers to the uncertainty inherent in any process or calculation that uses sampling, estimation or modelling. Most revisions reflect either the adoption of new statistical techniques, or the incorporation of new information which allows the statistical error of previous estimates to be reduced. Only rarely are there avoidable ‘errors’ such as human or system failures, and such mistakes are made quite clear when they do occur.
Quality and methodology information report
A quality and methodology information report for this Statistical Bulletin can now be found on the ONS website .
Revision triangles
One indication of the reliability of the key indicators in this bulletin can be obtained by monitoring the size of revisions. The table below is based on the revisions which have occurred over the last five years. Please note that these indicators only report summary measures for revisions. The revised data may, themselves, be subject to sampling or other sources of error.
Table 4 presents a summary of the differences between the first estimates published between October 2008 and September 2013 and the estimates published 12 months later.
Table 4: Revisions September 2014
Value in latest period
Revisions between first publication and estimates twelve months later
Growth rates
Average over the last 60 months
 
Average over the last 60 months without regard to sign (average absolute revision)
Production - 3 month

Government cautious on West-discarded nuclear technology: Piyush GoyalNarendra Modi seeks to replace central planning with 'Team India'
As government charts out a multi- pronged growth agenda for power sector, it is cautious about not being saddled with technology discarded by West in the name of nuclear energy, Union Minister Piyush Goyal said today.
Sounding a cautious note on nuclear power, Goyal said that the US and many European countries have discontinued installation of nuclear plants.
“This government would like to be cautious that we are not being saddled with something only under the garb of clean energy or alternate energy; something which the West has discarded and is sought to be brought to India,” he said while speaking at India Economic Summit.
He added that he has yet to determine the life-cycle costs of nuclear power right through to decommissioning.
The Minister predicted a “huge investment opportunity” of nearly USD 250 billion in the energy sector over the next four to five years, including USD 100 billion in renewables and USD 50 billion in transmission and distribution.
“This government is sincere in giving power to all and this government will protect investments as we go forward,” he said.
“I hear that US and Europe are also not developing new nuclear power plants. We are cautious about it as we don’t want to be saddled with an old asset in the garb of alternate energy,” he added.
TAGS: Piyush Goyal On Nuclear Technology
More from economy

Zurich warns on pricing as profits slideZurich warns on pricing as profits slide
James Shotter in Zürich
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9114a728-6580-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Market valuation of BSE listed companies nears Rs 100 lakh crore markMarket valuation of BSE listed companies nears Rs 100 lakh crore mark
PTI Nov 6, 2014, 03.24PM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel
(At present, the total market…)
NEW DELHI: As the benchmark BSE Sensex is witnessing a dream-rally, the total market valuation of BSE-listed companies has inched closer to the Rs 100 lakh crore mark.
At present, the total market capitalisation ( m-cap ) of BSE-listed companies stands at Rs 97,13,196 crore which is just Rs 2.86 lakh short of the Rs 100 lakh crore milestone.
In terms of the US dollar, the total market valuation of BSE-listed companies has surged to USD 1.58 trillion at the current rupee rate of 61.41 against the Greenback.
India had first entered the trillion-dollar club in June 2007, but moved out in September 2008 after a global meltdown.
It again got back into the elite league in May 2009 and largely remained there except for some brief time, including once in 2012. In August 2013, it had again slipped out of the list.
The Sensex has gained 6,745.2 points, or 31.86 per cent, so far this year. The index had hit its all-time high of 28,010.39 yesterday.
Experts said expectations of more reforms by the Narendra Modi-led government and a rate cut by the RBI has helped markets scale new heights.
The Sensex blue-chips whose market valuation is more than Rs 1 lakh crore include TCS, ONGC , RIL , ITC , Infosys , HDFC Bank , Coal India , SBI , ICICI Bank , Sun Pharma , HDFC, HUL , L&T, Bharti Airtel , Tata Motors , Wipro , NTPC , HCL Tech and Axis Bank.
Outsourcing giant TCS is the most valued Indian company with a market cap of Rs 5,09,435.77 crore.
Marketmen said Indian markets are also making merry, helped by smart foreign fund inflows.
Since the beginning of this year, overseas investors have infused a net amount of Rs 82,266 crore ($13.7 billion) into the equities, while they invested a net of Rs 1.36 lakh crore into the debt market ($22.5 billion) taking the total to Rs 2.18 lakh crore ($36 billion).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Italian media is reportingLo ha deciso il cda
Alitalia, Montezemolo designato presidente
Il consiglio di amministrazione riunito ieri ha anche designato il ceo di Etihad, James Hogan, vice presidente
Luca Cordero di Montezemolo
Condividi
06 novembre 2014
Il cda di Alitalia, che si è riunito ieri, secondo quanto si apprende, ha individuato Luca Cordero di Montezemolo come presidente designato della nuova Alitalia. Designato, invece, vice presidente il ceo di Etihad, James Hogan. Il cda ha anche richiesto il versamento dell'anticipo di 80 milioni di prestito ponte sui 300 milioni di aumento di capitale deciso quest'estate. 
Il 10 settembre scorso l'ex numero uno della Ferrari aveva lasciato il Cavallino lasciando il posto all'ad di Fiat Chrsysler, Sergio Marchionne. Dopo quasi 23 anni meravigliosi e indimenticabili - come lui stesso ha definito quelli passati in Ferrari -  inizia quindi una nuova epoca per Alitalia, che proprio pochi giorni fa ha avviato le procedure di licenziamento per i dipendenti di terra della compagnia allo scalo di Fiumicino: mobilità per 994 dipendenti, di cui 879 addetti di terra, 61 piloti e 54 assistenti di volo.
 

Mr Montezemolo left FerrariFerrari chairman Luca Di Montezemolo to quit after 23 years
Ferrari's Luca Di Montezemolo is to step down as long-time chairman of the Formula 1 team.
His departure follows a poor season on the track and disagreements with Sergio Marchionne, chief executive officer of parent company Fiat.
"This is the end of an era after almost 23 marvellous and unforgettable years," said Di Montezemolo, 67. "It has been a great privilege."
Marchionne will replace Di Montezemolo, who leaves the role on 13 October.
Ferrari have not won a drivers' or constructors' title since 2008 and are in the midst of their least competitive season for 20 years.
The team had their worst result of the year at the Italian Grand Prix on Sunday when Fernando Alonso retired with a hybrid system failure and team-mate Kimi Raikkonen finished ninth.
It is in stark contrast to their dominance of F1 in the late 1990s and early 2000s when seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher led the team to six consecutive constructors' championships.
Analysis from BBC Radio 5 live F1 commentator James Allen
Read more on Di Montezemolo from chief F1 writer Andrew Benson
"Di Montezemolo has turned the whole business around and made Ferrari into one of the most profitable car manufacturers in the world. With Michael Schumacher at the helm, they were unbeatable.
"But he has had a difference of opinion with Sergio Marchionne, who wants to expand the company. Marchionne has basically wanted Di Montezemolo out and he will be the new chairman.
"It is a big upheaval and will have a big impact on the Ferrari F1 team, but exactly what that impact that will be remains to be seen. Fernando Alonso will keep a close eye on it - he wants a good car, not upheaval."
Di Montezemolo had insisted at the weekend that reports he was to step down later this year were premature, adding that he had a contract for three years and he would be the one to say when he was leaving.
But he was immediately contradicted by Marchionne, who said: "We are good friends but his statements... these are things I wouldn't have said myself."
Marchionne also described the recent disappointing performance of Ferrari's Formula 1 racing team as "unacceptable" and said it was "absolutely non-negotiable" that Ferrari should win Formula 1 races.
In his statement, Di Montezemolo - who has been Ferrari chairman since 1991 - added: "It is the most wonderful company in the world and it has been an honour to have been its leader.
"I devoted all of my enthusiasm and commitment to it over the years. Together with my family, it was, and continues to be, the most important thing in my life."
Under Di Montezemolo's tenure, Ferrari increased revenues 10-fold and tripled sales volumes as the Italian family business grew into one of the world's most powerful brands.
F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone, 83, said: "I first met Luca in 1973. So yeah, it's a pity. We're going to miss him.
"His leaving is for me the same as Mr Enzo dying. He has become Ferrari. You see him, you see Ferrari. You don't see anything else. You don't see Luca."
Ferrari under Di Montezemolo

reported in today s GuardianShare on WhatsApp
An unprecedented international investigation into tax deals struck with Luxembourg has uncovered the multi-billion dollar tax secrets of some of the world’s largest multinational corporations.
A cache of almost 28,000 pages of leaked tax agreements, returns and other sensitive papers relating to over 1,000 businesses paints a damning picture of an EU state which is quietly rubber-stamping tax avoidance on an industrial scale.
The documents show that major companies — including drugs group Shire , City trading firm Icap and vacuum cleaner firm Dyson, who are headquartered in the UK or Ireland — have used complex webs of internal loans and interest payments which have slashed the companies’ tax bills. These arrangements, signed off by the Grand Duchy, are perfectly legal.
The documents also show how some 340 companies from around the world arranged specially-designed corporate structures with the Luxembourg authorities. The businesses include corporations such as Pepsi, Ikea, Accenture, Burberry, Procter & Gamble, Heinz, JP Morgan and FedEx. Leaked papers relating to the Coach handbag firm, drugs group Abbott Laboratories, Amazon, Deutsche Bank and Australian financial group Macquarie are also included.
A Guardian analysis has found:
A Luxembourg unit of Shire, the FTSE-100 drug firm behind attention deficit pill Adderall, received more than $1.9bn in interest income from other group companies in the last five years, paying corporation tax of less than $2m over four of the years despite minimal overheads.
Vacuum and hand dryer firm Dyson set up companies in the Isle of Man and Luxembourg to pour £300m of internal loans into its UK operations in 2011. Interest payments made on those loans slashed Dyson’s UK tax bill and were instead taxed at only around 1% in Luxembourg, saving Dyson companies millions in tax.
Icap, the financial trading firm run by leading Conservative party donor Michael Spencer, lent $870m from Luxembourg to its US business for seven years. Interest paid out from US companies on those loans was £247m, which was taxed at a fraction of official corporation tax rates in the US and UK.
Stephen Shay, a Harvard Law School professor who has held senior tax roles in the US Treasury and who last year gave expert testimony on Apple’s tax avoidance structures in a Senate investigation, said: “Clearly the database is evidencing a pervasive enabling by Luxembourg of multinationals’ avoidance of taxes [around the world].” He described the Grand Duchy as being “like a magical fairyland.”
"Luxembourg is like a magical fairyland"
Stephen Shay, Harvard professor
There is growing political pressure in the UK and abroad to stop companies exploiting international tax rules to slash their tax bills. In January last year David Cameron told business leaders gathered at the World Economic Forum in Davos he would not tolerate big multinationals avoiding tax. In particular, he criticised how “companies navigate their way around legitimate tax systems ... with an army of clever accountants”.
Chancellor George Osborne has pledged to reveal new measures next month to stop global corporations diverting profits offshore. Barack Obama has condemned tax avoiding companies as “unpatriotic” and the G20 group of nations is working on new rules to rein in aggressive tax planning.
The revelations will be embarrassing for the new president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, who was prime minister of Luxembourg between 1995 and 2013. In a speech in Brussels in July, Juncker promised to “try to put some morality, some ethics, into the European tax landscape.” He has insisted that the country is not a tax haven.
Pressure is already building on Luxembourg after the European Commission launched a formal investigation into whether Amazon’s tax arrangements in the Grand Duchy amount to unfair state aid. The Luxembourg tax arrangements of Italian carmaker Fiat’s finance unit are also under official scrutiny by Brussels.
Asked recently if such a crackdown risked damaging the economy of Luxembourg, one senior figure closely involved in the G20 reform programme said: “I don’t care. It is like saying: ‘If you fight drugs there will be no jobs in certain parts of Mexico.’”
Recent scrutiny by politicians and media organisations of aggressive structures used by technology groups such as Apple, Google and Amazon have suggested US digital firms are at the vanguard of cross-border tax avoidance. But today’s revelations show many European multinationals in non-digital industries have also made extensive use of tax engineering.
More than 80 journalists in 26 countries, working in collaboration through the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, have spent six months scrutinising the leaked papers - after a small number of the documents were first revealed by French TV journalist Edouard Perrin. The papers largely relate to clients of PricewaterhouseCoopers Luxembourg. PwC is one of the largest tax advisory groups in the world.
The leaked papers show Luxembourg acting as a go-between, both enabling and masking tax avoidance, which always takes place beyond its borders. The documents are mainly Advance Tax Agreements - known as comfort letters. The leaked papers include 548 of these private tax rulings. These ATAs are typically schemes put to the Luxembourg tax authorities which, if implemented, reduce tax bills substantially. If the Luxembourg authorities approve the scheme they provide a comfort letter which is a binding agreement.
The EC’s Amazon and Fiat investigations were launched after Brussels officials demanded that Luxembourg hand over certain ATAs.
"[I will] try to put some morality, some ethics, into the European tax landscape."
Jean-Claude Juncker
Less than a third of the tax deals brokered by PwC in the 28,000 pages of documents include a figure for the sums multinationals planned to move into Luxembourg schemes. However, these deals still amounted to more than $215bn of loans and investments using the Grand Duchy between 2002 and 2010, many to massage down tax bills.
Given that many more leaked papers did not disclose sums involved, and that PwC was just one of several accounting firms which secure deals with the Luxembourg tax authorities, the full scale of financial flows through Luxembourg, facilitated by comfort letters from the Grand Duchy’s officials, is likely to be much higher.
PwC said questions put to it by ICIJ journalists were based on “outdated” and “stolen” information, “the theft of which is in the hands of the relevant authorities”.
But analysis of public filings with company registries around the world indicate many of the leaked tax deals remain in force, sapping tax revenues from public coffers today.
The Guardian’s detailed findings were put to Shire, Icap and Dyson. All three declined to answer questions. They issued statements saying that they do not engage in tax avoidance and that they pay tax in the countries where profits are made.
Dyson stressed that its Isle of Man and Luxembourg structure was unwound in 2013. Icap said it had started a process of winding down its Luxembourg financing companies last month as part of a wider reorganisation.
Many papers in the leaked tax correspondence do not reveal enough information to clearly show tax consequences of each group’s corporate structuring. And some corporations will have sought comfort letters from Luxembourg for reasons other than tax avoidance.
Many large private equity investments are also the subject of Luxembourg ATAs. Well known buyout firms such as Blackstone and Carlyle appear in the leaked documents, and Luxembourg investment vehicles are commonplace in such investment firms.
A 2008 joint venture between private equity group Apax Partners and Guardian Media Group, which owns the Guardian, also used a Luxembourg structure after it invested in magazine and events group Emap, now called Top Right.
A spokesman for GMG said: “We partnered with a private equity company which regularly used such structures. A Luxembourg entity was used because Apax already had that structure in place. The fact that the parent company is a Luxembourg company does not give rise to any UK corporation tax savings for GMG.”
How it works
The documents reveal a number of financial structures which were approved by the Luxembourg tax authorities, and which led to substantial tax savings for the companies involved. One of the more common is based on cross-border lending within a group of companies, and a mismatch between the perceptions of Luxembourg and overseas tax authorities.
Graphic: Daan Louter, Simon Bowers, Cath Levett, Seán Clarke
How Shire’s internal lending cuts its tax bill
A tiny Luxembourg-based unit of Shire, a multinational drug firm specialising in treatments for ADHD, Crohn’s disease and rare genetic disorders, has become one of the most profitable outposts of the pharmaceutical empire. Shire is a £24bn transatlantic drugs group with big operations in the UK town of Basingstoke, and Pennsylvania and Massachusetts in the US. It shifted its corporate head office from the UK to Ireland for tax purposes in 2008 and is registered in the tax-friendly island of Jersey. The majority of its sales are in north America.
One of Shire’s Luxembourg units has made $1.87bn in profits in the last five years, largely from making loans to sister companies, as it charged interest rates of up to 9% on those loans. With what appears to be the consent of the Luxembourg authorities, the enormous profits generated by this unit were taxed at a fraction of 1%.
Shire’s tiny Luxembourg finance company in an office with dozens of other corporate occupants — Shire Holdings Europe No2 Sarl, or SHES2 for short — has lent out a total of more than $10bn.
Away from Luxembourg, more than two-thirds of Shire’s $5bn in annual revenues came from the sale of prescription drugs in the US and Canada last year. But group profits around the world were taxed at an average of 16.4% — less than half the official tax rate for most big businesses in America.
Somehow, the FTSE 100 firm had hit upon the holy grail of tax management: a structure that allowed it to access some of the most profitable healthcare markets in the world while keeping its tax bill low at the same time.
The main factor pushing down its tax bill is explained in the smallprint of the group’s annual report as “intra-group items”. That is, the tax consequences of investments and transactions between Shire group companies around the world.
Leaked letters from PwC, Shire’s tax advisers, reveal how far Shire was prepared to go to conjure up tax advantages through highly artificial tax structures.
The confidential papers reveal the critical role in group tax planning played by SHES2 — one of seven Shire companies incorporated in Luxembourg.
Over the last five years this business received $1.91bn of interest income from loans it made to other Shire companies, including more than $580m last year alone. By the end of 2013, sister companies within the Shire group owed SHES2 more than $10bn in loans and interest — equivalent to more than two years’ sales for the entire group.
The Guardian asked Shire why it had such large internal loans when the overall group had few borrowing needs. Shire declined to comment.
The borrower companies and where they operate remains unknown. It is likely however that the vast interest payments have created huge tax deductions for these sister units, whose profits are lowered by the cost of paying the interest on the Luxembourg loans.
With minimal operating costs — including staff wage bills of less than $55,000 a year — SHES2 appears to be one of Shire’s most lucrative business units with profits over five years of $1.87bn.
But Shire’s annual report makes mention of SHES2 only once, in an appendix that lists the group’s subsidiaries.
Meanwhile, accounts for SHES2, filed in Luxembourg, show that, despite its towering profits, the company recorded no corporate income tax charge at all.
The Guardian sent a reporter to the offices of SHES2 in Luxembourg but found few of the trappings to be expected of a multi-million-dollar enterprise. Watch footage of Rupert Neate attempting to find a SHES2 employee in Luxembourg:
Video: Guardian reporter Rupert Neate visits the offices of Shire Holdings Europe
Company filings show SHES2 had just four official managers, two of whom were senior figures in Shire’s tax department, working at UK head office in Basingstoke, England. Among them is Fearghas Carruthers, the group’s head of tax.
The key to solving the riddle of how SHES2 appears to have made $1.91bn of interest income almost disappear for tax purposes is found in leaked Luxembourg letters from tax advisers at PwC to the local tax office. They offer a rare glimpse into the group’s labyrinthine corporate structures.
A diagram provided by PwC to help the Luxembourg tax authority to understand the corporate structure of Shire. The Guardian has picked out SHES2 and an Irish company called Shire Holdings Ireland No.2 Limited in yellow. The circle labelled “LuxPE” is the Irish company’s Luxembourg branch. Photograph: Guardian
The answer lies in Ireland, where Shire moved its corporate headquarters from the UK in 2008 after the Labour government had attempted a crackdown on UK multinationals using internal financing companies in aggressive tax planning structures.
Among a cluster of Irish-registered Shire firms is a holding company Shire Holdings Ireland No.2 Limited, or SHIL2 for short. This Irish company has for years been charging itself interest on billions of dollars of loans — to itself. More specifically, the interest has been charged on loans from SHIL2’s head office registered near Dublin to a SHIL2 branch office in Luxembourg. Rupert Neate returned - to the same office block on the outskirts of Luxembourg city - to enquire about SHIL2.
Video: Guardian reporter Rupert Neate visits the offices of Shire Holdings Ireland (Luxembourg)
Leaked papers show that Shire’s tax advisers told the Luxembourg tax authorities that this unusual lending within the same legal entity had transformed the drug group’s wider activities in the Grand Duchy into a lending conduit: pushing one large loan from Ireland, through two Luxembourg units (SHIL2 and SHES2), and onwards to Shire companies around the world.
Such a chain of back-to-back lending, advisers from PwC argued, effectively meant Shire’s intra-group loans were only passing through Luxembourg. Therefore, the local taxman did not need to conduct a rigorous assessment of Shire’s tax liabilities. The full Luxembourg corporate tax rate should still apply, but only on a notional amount of profit. In Shire’s case, PwC suggested, the Grand Duchy should be satisfied taxing just “1/64%” — that is 0.0156% — of the billions in loans and interest owing to SHES2.
A letter of consent from the Luxembourg tax office does not appear in the cache of leaked files, but it is clear from publicly available filings elsewhere that the avoidance structure was set up in 2008 and appears to have remained active at least as recently as the end of 2013.
By the end, the complex structure had created a multi-billion-dollar lending chain, bearing no relation to Shire’s overall borrowing needs. The structure appeared to have little commercial benefit other than a tax conjuring trick: tax bills have been lowered for Shire borrower companies around the world while the group’s Luxembourg operations had all but escaped corresponding tax on the interest income.
In a statement, the group said: “Shire Holdings Europe No.2 Sarl, is part of our overall treasury operations. We have a responsibility to all our stakeholders to manage our business responsibly; this includes managing our tax affairs in the interest of all stakeholders.”
Icap’s skeleton-staffed multimillion dollar office
Above a stamp shop, behind closed office blinds, on the first floor of a terrace building overlooking a park on Boulevard Prince Henri in Luxembourg City, the lights appear to be out.
When the Guardian pressed the buzzer one October afternoon a male voice, with what seems a Dutch accent, sounds over the crackly intercom. The speaker confirmed this was, indeed, the Luxembourg offices of Icap, the London-listed financial trading group.
Polite and good humoured, he chuckled and apologised for having to catch his breath, explaining he has just run down some stairs to answer the buzzer. He said little else about Icap’s Luxembourg lending operations, however, and wouldn’t let the Guardian in the building. Watch footage of our reporter, Rupert Neate, trying to make contact.
Video: Guardian reporter Rupert Neate calls at the multimillion dollar Icap operation in Luxembourg
Official filings show two Icap companies at this address. Together they have sucked hundreds of millions of dollars in interest income out of the high-tax US and, with the help of a third Icap unit, and made them all but disappear for tax purposes.
Together they had lent a total of $870m to Icap operations in America by March 2008. Annual accounts since then show these loans remained on the companies’ books unchanged every year. They were still outstanding at the end of March this year.
Last week the Guardian approached Icap with the findings from its investigation into the broker firm’s Luxembourg activities. In response, Icap explained that the loans had just recently been repaid in full by the group’s US operations, and that a process to wind down its Luxembourg unit had begun only last month.
No such information was relayed by the voice on the intercom, though Icap’s local manager has since explained that Luxembourg secrecy laws meant he could not offer explanations.
Company accounts suggest neither of the two Icap lending firms had much commercial activity - other than the holding of large loans to the US.
The companies’ names are as long as they are uninformative — Icap Luxembourg Holdings (No.1) Sarl and Icap Luxembourg (No.2) Sarl. In leaked tax correspondence they are abbreviated to generic terms “LuxCo1” and “LuxCo2”.
A detail from one of the documents shows part of Icap’s corporate structure, as it relates to Luxembourg. Photograph: Guardian
Over the last seven years, the two each had just one employee — paid an annual wage of less than $15,000 — while other costs of operating above the stamp shop have also been consistently small.
It is a far cry from Icap’s busy trading desks in New York and London, scenes from which every year appear in the newspapers as a string of celebrities take over the dealing phones as part of a charity day . Last year the Duchess of Cornwall and Strictly Come Dancing’s Craig Revel Horwood manned the lines.
Offering services in many of the busiest financial markets — foreign exchange, credit, interest rates and equities — the group has a busy role at the heart of the City of London, Wall Street and other financial centres.
The chief executive, Michael Spencer, has the best political connections, serving as treasurer of the Conservative party between 2006 an 2010. His donations to the party have totalled nearly £5m.
But no celebrities or cabinet ministers have ties to Icap’s quiet Luxembourg offices. LuxCo1 and LuxCo2 are not mentioned among the 22 main subsidiaries listed in Icap’s annual report. Yet together the two companies received a total of $247m in interest on their loans to the US in the last seven years.
And thanks to modest overheads - the pedestrian office, the single employee - almost all of the interest income converted into profit, making LuxCo1 and LuxCo2 among the most lucrative subsidiaries within the Icap empire.
The tax position on the Luxembourg lending profits is less than clear from company accounts, which record both LuxCo1 and LuxCo2 as having no income tax to pay at all for the seven years reviewed by the Guardian.
The true position, however, is discoverable with the help of leaked tax approvals given to Icap, in private, by the Luxembourg taxman. These show that LuxCo1 and LuxCo2 were treated in their tax returns as part of a lending chain. Although neither company had any borrowings themselves, another ICAP unit, registered to the same address on Boulevard Prince Henri did.
The Icap borrower company in question has an innocuous sounding name — ICAP US Holdings No2 Ltd, or ICAP US2 for short — but it is a truly exotic corporate creature. Despite having just one employee, paid $12,000 in Luxembourg, this UK tax-resident company has three registered addresses: a law firm in Gibraltar; Icap’s international headquarters on Broadgate in the City of London; and the office above the stamp shop on Boulevard Prince Henri.
A clue as to its importance to Icap’s finance and tax affairs comes from the list of directors at Icap US2. These include Stephen Caplen, deputy financial director for the Icap group, and David Ireland, Icap’s head of tax. In the Luxembourg branch office, meanwhile, the sole “représentant permanent” is the non-board member Paul de Haan. Watch the video to learn more about Mr de Haan’s role.
A leaked Luxembourg tax deal, covering all three Icap financing units, shows these units were treated collectively as a the middle link in a lending chain: a conduit rather than a lender.
As a result, the local tax office agreed, the borrowing activities of Icap US2’s Luxembourg branch was generating tax deductions that could be neatly offset against the tax liabilities on almost all interest income earned at LuxCo1 and LuxCo2.
The resulting near-zero tax bill in Luxembourg could hardly be seen as controversial — so long, of course, as the millions paid out in interest by Icap US2 in the Grand Duchy was taxed when it became income for the lending company. And therein lies the twist.
The lender to ICAP US2 was, in fact, ICAP US 2 itself. More precisely, ICAP US2 was lending hundreds of millions of dollars to its Luxembourg branch. In an exotic arrangement — one seen elsewhere repeatedly in the leaked tax files — the group was effectively paying interest to itself.
Meanwhile, in Britain, tax inspectors scrutinising this arrangement recognised there was something unusual afoot. But there was not much they could do to block it, because the UK does not recognise such internal company lending as taxable.
The result was that Icap’s interest payments - paid by Icap US2’s Luxembourg branch to another part of Icap US2 in a different country - almost disappeared, for tax purposes. The saving ran into many tens of million of dollars.
That said, the UK taxman was not entirely without powers to act. HMRC was able to use its anti-avoidance powers, under the so-called “controlled foreign companies” regime, to winkle out a relatively small amount of tax from Icap US2.
Over the last five years for which there are available accounts, Icap US2 appears to have paid an average corporate income tax of $3m a year to HMRC and $83,500 to Luxembourg.
While the precise effective tax rate achieved on Icap’s interest income is hard to calculate, it is clear that it is a fraction of the headline corporate tax rates in the US and UK over the last seven years.
In a statement to the Guardian, Icap said: “Icap is a British company, which has always paid more tax than the UK corporation tax rate, and we do not engage in aggressive tax avoidance. We pay all taxes due on the profits earned in the countries in which we operate. Our Luxembourg financing operation was created to support a series of acquisitions Icap made in the US in the 2000’s, and is now being wound down to reduce costs. Its profits were taxed in the UK. It is an entirely standard financing method and was agreed by HMRC.”
Dyson sweeps away profits from the taxman
Up until 2010 the corporate structure behind Dyson, the hand dryer and vacuum cleaner group, was as functional as its products.
Shares in Dyson James Ltd (DJL), the main business, based in Malmesbury in Wiltshire, were owned by inventor and entrepreneur Sir James Dyson, with the founder’s three children each holding minority stakes.
The billionaire industrial designer, who came up with the bagless vacuum cleaner and built a company with a £1bn turnover, has become a figurehead and spokesman for UK engineering and science.
In the late 2000s a rash of businesses moved their headquarter operations abroad. Shire, UBM and WPP had moved to Ireland. Ineos switched to Switzerland. Dyson did not approve.
“We don’t have any plans to do that [move tax domicile],” he said in 2008. “I think it’s wrong to direct your business for tax reasons. Your business should be where you can do it best.”
However, his company went on to use elaborate tax structures after he made those comments.
At the start of 2010, new tiers of holding and finance companies began sprouting into life above DJL.
Shares in DJL were now owned by a new UK holding company: Dyson James Group Ltd (DJG), which in turn became a subsidiary of Clear Cover Ltd, a parent company incorporated in Malta.
Two group financing companies were also established: one in the Isle of Man called Silver Cyclone, one in Luxembourg called Blue Blade.
Leaked details of tax deals with the Luxembourg tax office show these were to be the vehicles for a £300m injection of loans into DJG in the UK. Like all good corporate manoeuvres it was given a muscular-sounding code name: Project Ajax.
In a matter of months, the simple corporate architecture that existed before had been swept aside. Dyson and his children remained the ultimate owners but their immediate interest was now in a company registered to an address on Tingé Point in the Maltese costal town of Sliema, the site of a former British barracks.
Back in Britain, financial transactions that bore little relation to breaking new ground in product design began to take place. Instead of product engineering, this was financial engineering.
In 2010 DJG had to meet new interest costs of £5.37m that were paid to newly-created sister company Blue Blade, filings in Luxembourg show. These costs are thought to have been largely or entirely tax-deductible - meaning they lowered profits at DJG, and thus its tax bill.
Dyson declined to confirm this, saying only that tax matters were commercially sensitive.
Accounts for Blue Blade show the company’s corporation tax for 2010 was just £55,037 — an effective tax rate of just under 1%. Somehow the business had escaped tax at anything close to the then headline rate of over 28% in Luxembourg.
Only in leaked tax papers is an explanation to be found. In a 2009 letter to Marius Kohl, one of Luxembourg’s top taxmen, Dyson’s tax advisers at PwC argued the case for Blue Blade to be charged tax on only a small fraction of its interest income.
The letter makes clear PwC had met with Kohl to discuss the matter a month earlier.
At the heart of the tax advisers’ case was a claim that Blue Blade should pay almost no tax because although it had lent £300m to DJG, it had also borrowed £299m from Isle of Man-based Silver Cyclone.
PwC make no secret of the fact that the loan from the Isle of Man was interest-free. Nevertheless, it suggests, Blue Blade should properly benefit from a tax deduction as if it had been required to pay interest to Silver Cyclone.
“[Blue Blade] will be allowed to deduct a deemed interest on its interest free debt involved in the financial on-lending activity”, PwC wrote. Rather than taxing all of Blue Blade’s lending profits, Luxembourg should only tax a tiny fraction of the sums borrowed.
The nine-page PwC letter was sent to Kohl on 11 November. On the same day, the Luxembourg taxman sent back a two-paragraph reply: “Further to your letter... relating to the transactions that [the Dyson group] would like to conduct, I find the contents of said letter to be in compliance with the current tax legislation and administrative practice.”
With these words, Kohl provided official sanction for the Dyson scheme to go ahead as PwC had described.
The Guardian asked the Dyson group why Blue Blade should qualify for a tax deduction over “deemed interest” costs when, in reality, this company had almost no borrowing costs thanks to the interest-free loan from Silver Cyclone. Dyson did not answer.
In a statement it said: “Advice a number of years ago was that a non-UK holding structure would aid growth further, however, that has not turned out to be the case and the holding structure of Dyson group is now entirely in the UK.”
For reasons unknown, the £300m loan from Blue Blade was repaid in less than a year. But analysis of Dyson filings in the UK, Luxembourg, Malta and Isle of Man show that in 2011 the group rebuilt a near identical structure. This time, however, millions of pounds in interest payments from UK operations went to a Luxembourg company called Copper Blade. And the payments were higher as the Malmesbury holding company had borrowed £550m.
This large loan was partly repaid in 2011 and again in 2012, with all debts and the entire structure unwound last year.
Dyson told the Guardian: “The Dyson family business paid £330m in UK tax over the past three years, clearly not the act of a company avoiding its fair share of tax. Dyson’s success means that over 85% of its technology is sold overseas ... At no time did the [group’s former] non-UK structure deliver any significant tax advantage and, of the entities in question all have been dissolved or are in a liquidation process.”
Analysis: Havens make for a global race to the bottom
Richard Brooks writes: “Occupying a damp 1,000 square miles where the French, German and Belgian borders meet, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg is a far cry from the palm-fringed tropical island tax haven of popular imagination.
“In fact the country owes its status as the world’s premier corporate tax haven to its position at the heart of Europe. A founding member of the European Economic Community in 1957, Luxembourg enjoys all the freedoms governing investment in what is now the European Union. These and a network of taxation agreements with all the world’s leading economies ensure the Grand Duchy is accepted in a club of leading nations that share basic principles on how to tax corporations operating across national borders.

Qualcomm  licence to bill© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/e3f2fa18-657a-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt should make available more spectrum: MittalBharti Enterprises Chairman Sunil Bharti Mittal at the India Economic Summit, in New Delhi. Photo: Ramesh Sharma
TOPICS
telecommunication service
Bharti Enterprises Chairman Sunil Bharti Mittal on Thursday sought more spectrum for the growth of the telecom industry and called on the government to work towards making it available to the service providers.
Replying to a query on sidelines of the India Economic Summit, Mr. Mittal said, “We want more spectrum from the government. I personally believe every country has the same amount of spectrum. It is not that India has less... It needs to be vacated from other places; that is what other countries have also done.
“So we should vacate spectrum from uses which are either analog in nature or with public sector units. The government will have to work towards that and I am aware that the government is working towards it.”
He warned that data customers are growing very fast and service providers will face difficulties offering quality service if spectrum is not made available in adequate quantity.
Asked if the spectrum auctions scheduled for February should be deferred, Mr. Mittal said, “Why should this be deferred? Industry needs more spectrum and the government should make it available to them.”
On Bharti Airtel and Loop Mobile’s Rs 700 crore deal falling through, he said, “Loop is a small deal. Most of the subscribers have ported to us and many more will. I don't know why this is being made into such a big issue.”
Airtel was supposed to purchase the crises-hit Loop Mobile’s Mumbai network but the definitive agreement signed between the two expired on October 30 and was not renewed leading to the Rs. 700-crore deal falling through.

Stock futures dip ahead of jobs reportStock futures dip ahead of jobs report
By: William Cummings November 6, 2014 3:12 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
After hitting record highs Wednesday, stocks retreated in pre-market trading as investors await the Labor Department’s release of nonfarm payrolls on Friday, which they will take as an indicator on whether the economy has rebounded solidly enough to justify the Fed’s decision to stop its economic stimulus program.
Here is where major market index futures stood ahead of the opening bell:
Dow: – 0.1%
S&P: -0.2%
Nasdaq: – 0.2%
Asian markets were mixed with Japan’s Nikkei 225 down 0.9% and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index down 0.2%, while the Shanghai composite gained 0.3%.
European benchmarks were mostly lower as the European Central Bank is expected to announce Thursday that it will not expand its existing stimulus program. Britain’s FTSE 100 was down 0.3% and France’s CAC 40 lost 0.4%. Germany’s DAX lost 0.2%.

New malicious software programsApple malware affects mostly Chinese users
By Rajeshni Naidu-Ghelani & Leo Kelion BBC News
The BBC's John Sudworth explains how the malware affects Apple products
Apple reveals its thinnest iPad
Malware has bypassed Apple's safety controls by taking advantage of a process used by employers to add apps to workers' iPhones and iPads.
US-based Palo Alto Networks said WireLurker appeared to have originated in China and was mostly infecting devices there.
The malware first targets Mac computers via a third-party store before copying itself to iOS devices.
Researchers warn it steals information and can install other damaging apps.
"WireLurker is unlike anything we've ever seen in terms of Apple iOS and OS X malware," said Ryan Olson, Palo Alto Network's intelligence director.
"The techniques in use suggest that bad actors are getting more sophisticated when it comes to exploiting some of the world's best-known desktop and mobile platforms."
WireLurker has the ability to transfer from Apple's Mac computer to mobile devices through a USB cable.
The malware initially gets onto an iOS device via a USB link to an infected Mac computer
The security firm said the malware was capable of stealing "a variety of information" from mobile devices it infects and regularly requested updates from the attackers' control server.
"This malware is under active development and its creator's ultimate goal is not yet clear," the company added.
Apple has issued a brief statement.
"We are aware of malicious software available from a download site aimed at users in China, and we've blocked the identified apps to prevent them from launching," it said.
"As always, we recommend that users download and install software from trusted sources."
Work apps
According to Palo Alto Networks, WireLurker was first noticed in June when a developer at the Chinese firm Tencent realised there were suspicious files and processes happening on his Mac and iPhone.
Further inquiries revealed a total of 467 Mac programs listed on the Maiyadi App Store had been compromised to include the malware, which in turn had been downloaded 356,104 times as of 16 Oct.
Infected software included popular games including Angry Birds, The Sims 3, Pro Evolution Soccer 2014 and Battlefield: Bad Company 2.
Once the malware was on the Mac, it communicated with a command-and-control server to check if it needed to update its code, and then waited until an iPhone, iPad or iPod was connected.
When an iOS device was connected the malware would check if it was jailbroken - a process used by some to remove some of Apple's restrictions.
If it was jailbroken, WireLurker backed up the device's apps to the Mac, where it repackaged them with malware, and then installed the infected versions back on to the iOS machine.
If it was not jailbroken - which is the case for most iOS devices - WireLurker took advantage of a technique created by Apple to allow businesses to install special software on their staff's handsets and tablets.
Wirelurker hides its code inside software that is initially downloaded to a Mac computer
This involved placing infected apps on the device that had been signed with a bogus "enterprise certificate" - code added to a product that is supposed to prove it comes from a trustworthy source.
To ensure the devices accepted this certificate, a permissions request was made to pop up on the targeted iOS device on the user's first attempt to run an infected app.
It simply asked for permission to run the app, but if the user clicked "continue" it installed code called a "provisioning profile", which told the iOS device it could trust any other app that had the same enterprise certificate.
Palo Alto Networks remarked that while this technique was not a new concept, it was the only known example of it being used to target non-jailbroken iOS devices in the wild.
Once active, the malware is used to upload information about the machine to the hackers, including phone numbers from its Contacts app, and the user's Apple ID.
Different versions of WireLurker also automatically installed new apps on the devices - including a video game and a comic book reader.
The hackers fooled users into approving a bogus enterprise certificate
While these were innocuous, experts warn they could represent a test run for other more damaging software.
"People have got very used to iOS being secure and there is a danger they may be complacent about the risk this presents," said Prof Alan Woodward, from the University of Surrey.
"Now Apple knows what it's looking for, it should be able to shut it down relatively easily. But it shows that people are trying to attack Apple's operating system and the firm can't take security for granted."
Under attack
News of the attack comes after tech giant Apple's iCloud storage service in China was attacked by hackers trying to steal user information just last month.
Chinese web monitoring group Greatfire.org said that hackers intercepted data and potentially gained access to passwords, messages, photos and contacts. They believed the Beijing government was behind the move.
But the Chinese government denied the claims and was backed by state-owned internet provider China Telecom, which said the accusation was "untrue and unfounded".
China is home to the world's biggest smartphone market and Apple saw its iPhone sales there jump 50% in the April to June quarter from a year earlier.
To minimise the risk of attack, Palo Alto Networks has recommended that users:
Do not download Mac apps from third-party stores
Do not jailbreak iOS devices
Do not connect their iOS devices to untrusted computers and accessories, either to copy information or charge the machines
Do not accept requests for a new "enterprise provisioning profile" unless it comes from an authorised party, for example the employer's IT department
More on This Story

Logitech launches G302 Daedalus Prime MOBA gamingmouseThe Logitech G302 is primary designed for professional eSports gaming.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 5:40 pm
Logitech has launched its G302 Daedalus Prime MOBA gaming Mouse. Logitech claims this mouse to be tested by professional MOBA gamers from around the world including players from Team SoloMid, Cloud9, CJ Entus Frost, CJ Entus Blaze, and Invictus Gaming.
The Logitech G302 is primary designed for professional eSports gaming. Its exclusive metal spring button tensioning system improves click responsiveness, making in-game actions fast and accurate.
The buttons, shape and weight of this mouse are tuned to the demands of professional MOBA gamers.
The Logitech G302 also incorporates Logitech’s Delta Zero sensor technology, which combines exclusive lens design, illumination geometry, and algorithms to deliver the accurate translation of hand movements to on-screen actions currently available.
A metal spring tensioning system improves the left and right click responsiveness to make clicking faster and more accurate. The buttons are capable of registering up to five clicks per second.
The Logitech G302 features six programmable buttons, allowing users to customize your gaming experience. The buttons are programmable to do anything from one-button hotkeys to complex macros.
It also features four DPI settings to shift down for pixel-perfect targeting or shift up for high-speed navigation.
The Logitech G302 Daedalus Prime MOBA Gaming Mouse is expected to be available in India beginning in December 2014 at a price of Rs 2,395.

He wants retailers to pass onOsborne 'expects' fuel price drop after fall in oil price
 
How smartphones can cut energy bills
The Chancellor, George Osborne, has said the government will be watching petrol and diesel distributors "very carefully" to ensure they pass on oil price reductions to customers.
Oil has fallen from about $115 (£72) per barrel in June to about $84 per barrel, a decline of about a quarter.
In comparison, petrol prices in the UK have fallen from a high of about 131.7p per litre in the summer to 124.22p - a decline of about 6%.
Diesel dropped from 136.37p to 128.58p.
Campaigners argue that taxes account for the bulk of UK pump prices, and that the government therefore has more power to reduce prices than petrol companies.
Danny Alexander says in his view falling crude oil prices would mean further reductions in the cost of fuel at the pump
According to analysis by the AA, out of the 124.22p average paid for a litre of petrol, about two-thirds is accounted for by a combination of Value Added Tax (VAT), at 20%, and fuel duty, at 57.95p.
Arthur Renshaw, an analyst at Experian, says that if VAT and fuel duty are stripped out, the underlying price of petrol has dropped by 21% since last year.
Last Updated at 05 Dec 2014, 15:05
price
-
-1.38
Additionally, because oil is traded in dollars, the weaker pound has reduced the effect of the drop in oil for UK consumers.
During the past few months, the pound has weakened against the dollar . Whereas a pound bought $1.7165 at its height in the summer, it now buys $1.598 - a drop of 6.9%
But the government says fuel companies must do their bit to reduce the price of petrol for consumers.
"Our message is clear - the oil price has fallen and we expect that to be passed on to people at the petrol station filling up their cars," said Mr Osborne.
"We expect the oil companies to do this and we will be watching very carefully to make sure they do."
Oil prices are down but is the difference being felt at the pumps? Jon Kay asked some motorists
'Like a feather'
Treasury minister Danny Alexander will use a speech in Aberdeen on Thursday to warn people would "rightly be angry" if they felt prices were not coming down as much as they should.
"I believe it's called the rocket and feather effect," he will say, in prepared remarks seen by the BBC for a speech to the Highlands & Islands Branch of The Energy Institute in Aberdeen.
"The public have a suspicion that when the price of oil rises, pump prices go up like a rocket. But when the price of oil falls, pump prices drift down like a feather."
While no research supports this, the thought of this effect creates ill feeling, he will say.
Speaking to the BBC, Mr Alexander also pointed out that the price of crude oil in pounds had fallen by "14% in the last six weeks alone," and this drop had not been passed on to drivers.

reports the GuardianJeremy Paxman joins the Financial Times as a contributing editor
Jeremy Paxman is expected to write regularly for FT Weekend. Photograph: PHIL FISK/BBC Phil Fisk/BBC
Share on WhatsApp
Jeremy Paxman is joining the Financial Times as a contributing editor to its weekend issue.
He is expected to write regularly for FT Weekend and will focus, evidently, on "long-form writing", diaries and carrying out lunch-with-the-FT interviews.
He makes his debut this coming weekend with an account of the mysterious death of Lord Kitchener, the war hero and British military commander in the first world war.
The FT's editor, Lionel Barber, said: "I am delighted to welcome Jeremy into the FT family. He is a wonderful writer, an acerbic interviewer, and a charming luncheon companion. He will make a great addition to the long list of distinguished FT Weekend writers."
Paxman said he was flattered to be joining the FT, saying: "At last someone takes me seriously."
He recently stepped down after a 25-year stint as the lead presenter of BBC2's Newsnight .

Election s winners and losers in Silicon ValleyTop tech news, delivered daily
Code/red by John Paczkowski
The insider's view on what's happening today and what's on the horizon
Brandon Bourdages/Shutterstock
Winners and Losers for Silicon Valley in Tuesday’s Election
November 5, 2014, 5:47 AM PST
By Amy Schatz
While the big story Tuesday night was the Republican wave that gives control of the Senate back to the GOP in January, there were plenty of smaller races that are of interest to the tech community.
One Race a Democrat Was Sure to Win
Here’s the thing: Rep. Mike Honda and challenger Ro Khanna agreed on many policy issues. But they represented two different sides, and generations, of the Democratic party.
Honda, the 73-year-old seven-term congressman, was a more traditional liberal, backed by labor unions, progressive groups and Democratic party leaders. Khanna, 38, was seen as more business friendly, a lawyer and former Commerce Department official who hobnobs with the Silicon Valley elite.
Mostly, they disagreed on who could best represent the people of the 17th congressional district and they spent a combined $7.3 million trying to woo voters. Picking off a popular incumbent is hard in the best of times and it appeared Wednesday morning that Khanna may not have managed it.
Honda had 52 percent of votes cast, compared to Khanna’s 48 percent, with all of the election-day votes counted . Khanna’s team hadn’t conceded as of 8 am ET, noting in an email to supporters that they had gained ground on Honda among absentee ballots, which hadn’t all been counted yet. “In the general election, 36.2 percent of the electorate voted as late absentee, which means that a huge amount of ballots are left to be counted,” his campaign said.
NSA Reform Just Got a Bit Harder
Colorado Sen. Mark Udall’s focus on women’s reproductive issues baffled many and appeared to help lead to his defeat Tuesday night by Republican Rep. Cory Gardner. Udall’s loss was mostly seen as a much-needed pickup by Republicans hoping to retake the Senate.
But for the tech community and others who support curbing the National Security Agency’s mass surveillance programs, Udall’s loss will be keenly felt. Udall was among a handful of Senators who led the effort to limit the U.S. intelligence community’s information gathering on Americans. The Senate still hasn’t passed the USA Freedom Act, legislation aimed at limiting the NSA’s mass surveillance efforts somewhat, and it’s not clear what will happen with that bill now.
Mayday, Mayday!
Harvard Law professor Larry Lessig’s $10.6 million effort to make campaign finance an election issue ended badly Tuesday night, as five of the Super PAC’s  seven candidates on the ballet Tuesday lost. Two races particularly hurt. Democrat Rick Weiland lost in the South Dakota Senate race despite a late $1.25 million bet by Mayday and Republican Rep. Fred Upton easily beat a Mayday-backed Democratic challenger.
Mayday PAC
Upton’s victory may particularly sting  the tech community — which backed Mayday with millions of dollars in donations — since it means that he’ll remain chairman of the powerful House Energy and Commerce Committee, which has jurisdiction over Internet, telecommunications and the media industries. Upton won Tuesday with the same percent of the vote — 55 percent — that he got in 2012. His opponent, Paul Clements, attracted three percent fewer votes than Upton’s 2012 challenger.
Among the Mayday-backed losers Tuesday: Rep. Carol Shea-Porter in New Hampshire, who lost  to Republican Frank Guinta, who has held the seat before. In Iowa, Staci Appel lost to Republican David Young 53 percent to 42 percent. And in Kansas, independent candidate Greg Orman wasn’t able to knock off incumbent Sen. Pat Roberts, who gained help from all corners of the Republican party who were terrified he was about to lose the seat (and their chance to retake the Senate).
Only two of eight Mayday-backed candidates will be headed to Congress. Ruben Gallego, a former Democratic state representative, won an Arizona congressional seat unopposed by a Republican challenger while North Carolina Republican Rep. Walter Jones won reelection over an ill-funded Democratic opponent in a heavily conservative district. Unfortunately for Mayday, it spent relatively little in both races and got involved in both of them pretty late in the game.
Quiet Victory for Net Neutrality Advocate
Comcast’s* least favorite lawmaker, Democrat Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota, easily won reelection, defeating his Republican opponent by an 11 percentage point margin. It must have felt great, since the first time he ran, Franken won by just 312 votes.
Al Franken interviewed on a radio show at the Minnesota State Fair in August 2014
National Republicans initially targeted Franken, but soon gave that up as the former professional comedian — and most consciously unfunny guy in the Senate — banked millions for the 2014 race and spent a lot of time with constituents back in Minnesota. Throughout the summer, Franken consistently polled ahead of his opponent, Republican investment banker Mike McFadden.
His re-election is important for the tech community for several reasons. Franken has been an active force on the Senate Judiciary Committee and while he defended  the National Security Agency somewhat after the Edward Snowden mass surveillance revelations, he has also said  President Obama’s NSA reform proposal didn’t go far enough.
Franken has also been a vocal proponent of tougher net neutrality rules.
At Least He Has a Beautiful Home
Sean Eldridge meets potential voters at Taste of the Catskills.
Finally, no surprise on this one, but Sean Eldridge, the investor/activist and husband of Facebook co-founder (and New Republic owner) Chris Hughes lost  his bid to become a congressman representing New York’s Hudson Valley. Despite plenty of donations from tech luminaries , Eldridge was never able to overcome the carpetbagger image  he got after buying a multimillion-dollar mansion in the area. Eldridge conceded early Tuesday night, losing 65 percent to 35 percent to incumbent Republican Rep. Chris Gibson.
* Comcast owns NBCUniversal, which is a minority investor in Revere Digital, Re/code’s parent company.

Modi likely to expand council of ministers on SundayModi likely to expand council of ministers on Sunday
India fourth most vacation deprived nationIndia fourth most vacation deprived nation
SBI s credit card division fined Rs 15K for threatening callsSBI s credit card division fined Rs 15K for threatening calls
Weak corporate finance affecting banks  asset quality: Moody sHi Guest
Weak corporate finance affecting banks' asset quality: Moody's
The asset quality of state-owned banks will continue to be burdened by weak financial health of Indian corporates, credit rating agency Moody's said on Thursday.     It said although the asset quality of public sector banks may have hit a bottom, the recovery in corporate credit quality will take some time. The non-performing assets of banks will continue to act as a drag on the bank's credit quality, Moody's said. "We expect net new non-performing loan formation rates for ...

Ranbaxy loses 6 months exclusivity for generic anti-viral drugHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Ranbaxy loses 6 months exclusivity for generic anti-viral drug
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
Drug firm Ranbaxy Laboratories today said the US health regulator has revoked its tentative approvals for its generic anti-viral drug and stomach and oesophagus problems treatment tablets.
“As a consequence, in FDA’s view, Ranbaxy has forfeited its eligibility for 180-day exclusivity for its ANDA for valganciclovir hydrochloride tablets USP, 450 mg,” Ranbaxy Laboratories said in a filing to the BSE.
The communication from US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) said that Ranbaxy’s ANDAs of concern did not have any data integrity issues. However it added that “its original decisions granting tentative approvals were in error because of the compliance status of the facilities referenced in the ANDAs at the time the tentative approvals were granted.”
The FDA has rescinded the previously granted tentative approvals for Ranbaxy’s ANDAs for esomeprazole magnesium delayed-release capsules, 20 mg and 40 mg and for valganciclovir hydrochloride tablets USP, 450 mg, Ranbaxy Laboratories said.
“Ranbaxy is disappointed with this development and is actively evaluating all available options to preserve its rights,” the company said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Rain Cements plans 22 MW solar power unit in APHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Rain Cements plans 22 MW solar power unit in AP
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 6:  
Rain Cements Ltd (RCL), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Rain Industries Group is in the process of setting up a solar power plant in Andhra Pradesh with an investment of Rs 140 crore.
``In order to enhance its foot print in Renewable Energy, Rain Group, through Rain Cements Ltd, is evaluating the possibility of setting up a 22 MW of solar power plant in Anantapur district of Andhra Pradesh,’’ the Hyderabad-based company informed the Bombay Stock Exchange on Thursday.
RCL had participated in the bids invited by Southern Power Distribution Company Ltd of Andhra Pradesh & Eastern Power Distribution Company Ltd of AP and had qualified in the evaluation process.
``Post completion of detailed site verification and technical evaluation, RCL will execute Power Purchase Agreement,’’ it said. The company already has suitable land to set up the proposed plant in its possession
The board of directors of the company, at its meeting held today, declared an interim dividend of Rs 1/- per equity share (i.e., 50 pc on a face value of Rs 2/- per equity share fully paid up) for the financial year ending on December 31, 2014.
It had also appointed Radhika Haribhakti as an additional director (independent woman director) with immediate effect.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Wockhardt launches Mumbai tertiary care hospital  next stop at DelhiHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Wockhardt launches Mumbai tertiary care hospital, next stop at Delhi
Our Bureau
Business Line Habil Korakiwala, founder Chairman, Wockhardt Group (left) along with Gilbert Mudge, President & CEO, Partners Health Care Internationl at a press conference to announce the launch of Wockhardt Hospitals in Mumbai on Thursday. - Photo: Paul Noronha
Zahabiya Khorakiwala, Managing Director
Mumbai, Nov 6:  
Five years after it sold 10 of its hospitals, Wockhardt Hospitals took a significant step by opening a 350-bed hospital in South Mumbai.
At an estimated Rs 300 crore, the tertiary care hospital bundles major specialities including cardiac and critical care. Two more hospitals are on Wockhardt’s radar in Delhi and another in suburban Mumbai, Habil Khorakiwala, founder Chairman of the Wockhardt Group said.
Funds for this would be raised internally, he said, adding that the Delhi hospital was expected to take another two years to operationalise.
Wockhardt Hospitals had in 2009 sold 10 of its hospitals to Fortis Healthcare for over Rs 900 crore, leaving the Mumbai-based group with about seven hospitals. The sale was to help retire Wockhardt Hospitals’ debt. In fact, the company was one of the first casualties of the economic meltdown in early 2008, when its plans to raise funds were felled by a volatile stockmarket.
Hart times
In fact, hard times followed the Group, as its pharmaceutical business got saddled with Rs 3,400 crore debt burden in 2008. But after several business sell-offs and corporate restructuring measures, Wockhardt Pharmaceuticals emerged from the woods.
The company, however, is presently dealing with intense U.S. regulatory scrutiny on three of its plants.
Against this backdrop, the unveiling of Wockhardt Hospitals plans for the future signal an interesting and healthy development. And so does the involvement of the promoter-family’s next generation in the business.
Next-gen
Wockhardt’s hospital network also marks the presence of the next generation of the Khorakiwala family. The Chairman’s daughter Zahabiya Khorakiwala is the Managing Director and “principal actor” of Wockhardt Hospitals. Having been at the helm for over four years, she outlined features in the new hospital that were a first, including bar-coding the distribution and use of medicines to help reduce errors and keep a track on medicine use at all times.
The Chairman’s sons are also in the group - Murtaza heads Wockhardt Pharmaceuticals as Managing Director and Huzaifa is Executive Director.
Free beds
Responding to a query on pricing, Habil Khorakiwala said that the new multi-speciality hospital has a long term agreement with the Adams Wyline Memorial Hospital Trust, the original lessee of the land. And as part of that about 30 beds would be free for people from lower sections of society who ware unable to pay.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Current accounts and consumer lethargyAbout Lex
Blog guide
This is a blog and notebook by the writers of Lex, the investment column of the Financial Times. It's a chance to see inside the work of a Lex writer and to participate in the construction of a Lex note . It will also contain some brief observations and thought-provoking questions from Lex columnists.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blogs. However, our Lex posts remain free.
Lex is the oldest and arguably the most influential business and finance column of its kind in the world. The unconflicted column covers corporate affairs and fiercely guards its editorial independence.

Lower loan provisions buoy French banksCrédit Agricole chief attacks French government economic policies
Michael Stothard in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/38b66a6c-658f-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Archer Daniels Midland names new chiefJuan Luciano named new chief of Archer Daniels Midland
Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/117047e6-6591-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wearable devices top this years gift listsAll I want for Christmas is a wearable device
Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f3cd848e-6508-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Meet the energy boosterUpdated: November 6, 2014 19:05 IST
Meet the energy booster
The Hindu Actor Ranveer Singh. Photo: K. Bhagya Prakash
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
As “Kill Dil” gets ready for release, Ranveer Singh says there is more to him than just the oomph factor
His energy is infectious and his acting chops are credible. Five films later, Ranveer Singh has emerged as a serious contender among the second generation actors looking for a stellar position under the marquee. But like most he is also feeling the pressure of how to hold on to the initial pull, how to last in an industry where only few are allowed to repeat themselves. Right now he is getting good press, courtesy his box office and relationship status but that was not always the case. Unlike most newcomers, Ranveer had to fight strong opinions and a lot of them were not flattering. As he was one of the first newcomers to be launched by Yash Raj banner in a big way, tongues got wagging that his father has financed “Band Baaja Baraat”.
“It was just a matter of chance that Yash Raj decided to look beyond the established heroes with “Band Baaja Baraat”. And why would such a banner have to take help from outside. I came through audition and before that spent sufficient time behind the camera as an assistant. You can fight opinions only through hard work. When I played the part of a Delhiite really well many thought I had grown up in the city. For a long time nobody cared to know that I am complete Mumbai boy, who had to learn the body language and lingo of Bittu Sharma.”
Over a period of time Bittu’s image became so strong that we began to feel that Ranveer is struggling to come out of his hangover. He admits that it was there in “Ladies Vs Ricky Behl” but after that he has tried to play different characters. This week he is trying it all over again with Shaad Ali’s comeback vehicle “Kill/Dil”. The film reminds of a spaghetti western cooked in Bollywood masala and Ranveer is confident of the recipe. Like Gulzar, who recently said he likes the old school ways of the young director who managed to sell Taj Mahal to the unsuspecting public in “Bunty Aur Babli”, Ranveer says he is floored by Shaad’s ability to say something new while reaching out to the widest possible audience. “I wanted to work with him for a long time,” says Ranveer who started as an assistant to Shaad.
“Music is an important part of Shaad’s films and here again it is the most important ingredient of the film followed by comedy and romance. At the heart it is a simple story but it is Shaad’s boisterous treatment that makes it special.” Right from the title to the riffs there is a strong influence of Tarantino, which is no longer a novelty in Hindi cinema. “I agree. When two killers come for a shoot but are talking about the burger they had along the way, you can sense Tarantino’s presence in the treatment. But at the core, it is a complete Hindi masala entertainer, whose emotions will stay with you.”
Even if the tone is different, the promos remind of “Gunday” where Ranveer paired with Arjun Kapoor and Irrfan was the fourth angle outside the love triangle with Priyanka Chopra. “When I was told there is another hero in the film I knew this question will be raised but I won’t do a two-hero film with the same banner in the same year unless it really hooks me. It is set in a different period and the treatment is totally different.”
The film puts him against Govinda, whom he describes as a school of acting and one of the primary reasons that inspired him to take up acting profession. Govinda has also admitted that Ranveer and Ranbir (Kapoor) are two young actors who are working hard not just at their bodies but on their acting skills as well.
However, if you look closely and take the young fans out of the equation his performances are often driven more by physical energy than expression. In fact, the title song of “Kill/Bil” where Govinda touches him and he starts shaking seems like a tribute to his effect on young generation. It was more apparent in “Ram Leela” where his peculiar hair cleaning dance move had more shelf life than the emotional cauldron of the character. It is not that he hasn’t tried. Before “Ram Leela”, he dared to play a rather inert thief in love in “Lootera” but there again his lack of expression was apparent.
Unlike many, Ranveer is game to dissect his performances. “I had to control my energy for ‘Lootera’. My gestures were difficult to control. For days I would not take hands out of pocket.” Many found him a little too much in control for the role. “See, after every performance I also find a hundred faults in it. But apart from ‘Ladies Vs Ricky Behl’ where I was carried away by the response to ‘Band Baaja Baraat’ I have tried to play the character and not myself on screen. Yes, I underplayed it and many discovered the importance of my controlled performance in second viewing. In fact, I would like to say that personally I found my ‘Lootera’ performance more satisfying than the one in ‘Ram Leela’. Critics have been kind to me and I understand when they say overdoing the energy bit. I don’t want to be one dimensional and you will see it in ‘Dil Dhadakne Do’ and ‘Bajirao Mastaani’.”
He describes the Sanjay Leela Bhansali’s magnum opus that has been in the news for a long time as the real test. He has already shaved his hair for the role but Ranveer says there is more to the character than just the looks. “It will test me for I have to play an array of emotions – from a son to a lover to a strategist to a fighter.”

Black money: 300 accounts in HSBC list have no cash!Hi Guest
Black money: 300 accounts in HSBC list have no cash!
The Special Investigation Team (SIT) on blackmoney has found that less than half of the HSBC bank list of over 600 accounts did not have any money while more than hundred names were a repeat, hampering the possibility of any action against them. The Income Tax department is now mulling prosecution against 300 entities figuring in the list of 628 entries in the HSBC Geneva list given to the Supreme Court recently, official sources said. The SIT found and reported that there was no amount shown ...

Speculation rife over Cabinet reshuffleSpeculation rife over Cabinet reshuffle
How investors can achieve asset allocation through passive investingHow investors can achieve asset allocation through passive investing
Two suspected militants killed in YemenTwo suspected militants killed in Yemen
VigyanLabs to raise $10 m PE funding in two tranchesVigyanLabs to raise $10 m PE funding in two tranches
Rajesh Kurup
Tweet
Mumbai, November 6:  
VigyanLabs, a firm that received initial funding from the Government’s Department of Science and Technology (DST), is in talks with two private equity (PE) firms to raise about $10 million (Rs 62 crore). The clean-technology IT company will raise the funding in two tranches and use the proceeds for development and expansion plans.
“We are in advanced stages of negotiations with two PE funds to raise about $3-4 million (Rs 19 crore to Rs 25 crore) and expect to close it by mid-December or early January. This would be our first round of institutional funding (Series A),” VigyanLabs Vice President (Business Development & Strategy) Madhusudhan R told Business Line.
However, Madhusudhan declined to name the PE firms, citing non-disclosure agreements.
The Mysore-based company will use the funding to develop variants of its software Intelligent Power Management Plus (IPM+), buying testing equipment and expanding presence in Japan and the US. It will be also used to increase its technology team in India to 100 from the present 38.
VigyanLabs will raise a similar or much higher amount in the second tranche.
“The Series B funding will be raised 12-18 months after the first tranche. The exact amount is yet to be finalised, but in all we might raise about $10 million,” Madhusudhan said, adding, the second round would be used for large expansion plans.
The clean-technology IT company, founded by IIT-ians Srinivas Vardarajan and Srivatsa Krishnaswamy in 2008 -- is also in advanced stages of discussions with Indian Android handset makers to supply its power saving suite IPM+.
“We expect to win one or two deals in the next couple of months,” he said, without divulging the details.
The company was set up in 2008, with a seed funding of Rs 25 lakh raised from family and friends, and later in 2010-11, VigyanLabs got an investment from DST.
VigyanLabs, which has software that enables to save power across digital and analogue products, claims to have saved 2.8 giga watt hours (equal to lighting up 48 million homes) of energy across all its clients.
“We are targeting to light up 1 billion homes by March 31, 2016,” he added.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Hoping for positive outcome on SAARC Development Bank CabraalSri Lankan central bank chief pitches for an FI for SAARC
Tomojit Basu
Ajith Nivard Cabraal, governor of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka’s Central Bank Governor urges Bank to further financial inclusion at WEF summit
New Delhi, Nov. 6:  
With the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit slated to be held in Kathmandu this month, talk of a regional financial institution for the organisation’s eight members have been gathering pace. On Thursday, Ajith Nivard Cabraal, Governor of Sri Lanka’s Central Bank, stated that he was optimistic about a favourable outcome on the question of a SAARC Development Bank at the summit which will be held on November 26-27.
“We’ve (Sri Lanka) supported it from when it was first mooted, I certainly hope to see a positive result in Kathmandu. It’s finally up to the leaders but I believe it will yield positive results for the region,” said Cabraal, on the sidelines of an India Economic Summit session, co-organised by the World Economic Forum and the Confederation of Indian Industry.
Business Line had reported earlier that India had been exploring the creation of an Exim Bank window to fund infrastructure projects in South Asia. The idea, along the lines of the $100 million BRICS New Development Bank, had been proposed by India at a ministerial meeting in Bhutan in July to finance low-cost infrastructure projects in the region.
Inclusive finance
On the question of a consensus, Cabraal said, “The important thing is that the line of thinking is similar in the region and a lot of gravity is being placed on it to move forward because of the synergies it can create,” he added.
Besides infrastructure, he told Business Line that the Bank could further poverty alleviation through inclusive finance. The World Bank estimates 24.5 per cent of the region’s population living below the poverty line.
“It must have a certain objective even if priorities keep changing with time. It should be used to further financial inclusion with the Bank being provided with block loans that should be redistributed among poorer segments through microfinance. It’s time this regional problem was looked at in depth and have the Bank committed to prosperity in the region,” the Governor told Business Line.
SAARC, formed in 1985, comprises of Afghanistan, Pakistan, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Maldives and India. At present, it is estimated that intra-regional trade stands at about five per cent of total trade engaged in by the member nations and a SAARC Development Bank, it is believed, would boost that figure through trade necessitated by development projects.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Bengaluru  rape city : Karnataka HM protestsMamata Banerjee hits back at Sushma Swaraj, says constitution is 'Holy Book' in democracy
Facing heat over increasing sexual assaults of minor girls in schools, Karnataka Home Minister K J George waded into a controversy as he blamed the media for highlighting “only such news” and projecting Bengaluru as “a rape city” to increase TRP ratings.
“What has happened to the media is you want only such news, you are showing only such news to increase your TRP. Show good news, it will be good,” George told reporters here.
His remarks came when questioned about a spate of sexual assault incidents in schools here grabbing national headlines with four cases involving minor girls occurring in as many months, evoking public outrage and protests.
Asked if he wants the media to refrain from publishing such news, he said “I’m responding to your question- that such news has grabbed national headlines….”
“I have told in detail several times that after Nirbhaya case Sec 376 (relating to rape) has got a wider definition, and the incidents happening within the school premises should be stopped by school managements. When complaints have come we have acted.”
“Projecting Bengaluru as rape city and putting people of Karnataka in a bad light, we have objections to it,” he said, as the government came under fire over the recurrence of sexual assaults on minor girls in schools.
In July, Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah had courted a controversy over the alleged rape of a six-year-old girl in a city private school, as he asked the media if it did not have any other issue.
“Except that, don’t you have any other issue? Is this the only news you have?” Siddaramaiah had snapped back at reporters who sought to know the latest on the case that had evoked public outrage and drawn criticism of his government for not acting swiftly.
TAGS: Bengaluru K J George Karnataka Home Minister Rape City
More from miscellaneous
Sushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture Pushing for declaring Bhagwad Gita as a national scripture, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj today said only a formal announcement...

Euro stays higher as ECB holds policy© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/428d17ca-6562-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The season of opportunismTweet
The quality of choices suffered at the altar of lowest prices
Two trends that stand out in my mind, having examined over two-and-a-half decades in the Indian consumer market, are the stretching or flattening out of the demand curve, or the emergence of multiple demand peaks during the year, and discount-led buying.
Secular demand
Once, sales of some products in 3-6 weeks of the year could exceed the demand for the rest of the year. However, as the number of higher income consumers has grown since the 1990s, consumers have started buying more round the year. While wardrobes may have been refreshed once a year around a significant festival earlier, now, the consumer buys new clothing any time he or she feels the specific need for an upcoming social or professional occasion. Eating out or ordering in has a far greater share of meals than ever before. Gadgets are being launched and lapped up throughout the year. Alongside, expanding retail businesses are creating demand at off-peak times, whether it is by inventing new shopping occasions such as Republic Day and Independence Day sales, or by creating promotions linked to entertainment events such as movie launches.
While demand is being created more “secularly” through the year, over the last few years intensified competition has also led to discounting emerging as a primary competitive strategy. The Indian consumer is understood by marketers to be a “value seeker”, and the lazy ones translate this into a strategy to deliver the “lowest price”. This has been stretched to the extent that, for some brands, merchandise sold under discount one way or the other can account for as much as 70-80per cent of their annual sales.
Hyper-opportunity
This Diwali has brought the fusion of these two trends. Traditional retailers on one side, venture-steroid funded e-tailers on the other, brands looking at maximising the sales opportunity in an otherwise slow market, and in the centre stands created the new consumer who is driven by hyper-opportunism rather than by need or by festive spirit. A consumer who is learning that there is always a better deal available, whether you need to negotiate or simply wait awhile.
This Diwali, this hyper-opportunistic customer did not just walk into the neighbourhood durables store to haggle and buy the flat-screen TV, but compared costs with the online marketplaces that were splashing zillions worth of advertising everywhere. And then bought the TV from the “lowest bidder”. Or didn’t – and is still waiting for a better offer. The hyper-opportunistic customer was not shy in negotiating discounts with the retailer when buying fashion – so what if the store had “fixed” prices displayed!
This Diwali’s hyper-opportunism may well have scarred the Indian consumer market now for the near future. A discount-driven race to the bottom in which there is no winner, eventually not even the consumer. It is only driven by one factor – who has the most money to sacrifice on discounts. It is destroys choice – true choice – that should be based on product and service attributes that offer a variety of customers an even larger variety of benefits. It remains to be seen whether there will be marketers who can take the less trodden, less opportunistic path. I hope there will be marketers who will dare to look beyond discounts, and help to create a truly vibrant marketplace that is not defined by opportunistic deals alone.
We trust you had a great Deepawali, both personally and professionally. Most of you from the marketing fraternity will agree that this Deepawali was different from previous years. This was probably the first time in recent public memory when marketers offered excessive discounts during the peak shopping season. Some say that this was a reaction to changing consumer behaviour. To understand this phenomenon better, cat.a.lyst got marketing experts from diverse industries to analyse consumer behaviour during the last one month and pick out valuable nuggets on how this could impact marketing and brands in the years to come.
Do share your feedback on cat.a.lyst@thehindu.co.in
(Devangshu Dutta is chief executive of Third Eyesight, a specialist management consulting firm that works with market leaders as well as start-ups.)
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

How to become a quality brandHow to become a quality brand
ATUL TULI
shutterstock.com/wavebreakmedia
Making an emotional connection with consumers is important
Apple, Google and Coca Cola. Three very different brands but united by one important factor: they were placed first, second and third in the Interbrand Best Global Brands listings for 2013. These are organisations with good brand equity.
Companies with good brand equity instantly strike a chord with consumers. Some are the brands with cachet, the brands that we associate with high-quality, friendliness and class, or with a certain aspirational lifestyle. Others deliver on a brand promise of great value for money or exceptional customer care. In all such cases our response to these brands is visceral and highly emotional.
It goes without saying that to build such levels of brand equity is the dream of many a business, but in order to fulfil that ambition, organisations must first determine what their brand promises; what it stands for explicitly. Where brand promise meets customer expectation is where we have the ‘moment of truth’, and it’s here where the emotional connection with a brand is won or lost. Explicit promises meet customer perceptions and it’s an understanding of what customers think and feel about a brand that underpins the advertising, marketing and pricing structure.
What makes the difference between the good and the truly great brands is the extent to which businesses hone this understanding of their customers, and deliver a brand experience that meets customer needs on both a functional and emotional level.
So how can this emotional connection be created?
Customer requirements
The functional elements of the buyer cycle, the different technology and processes customers encounter along the journey, whether behind the scenes or upfront, are no longer enough on their own to deliver exceptional customer experiences.
As with any loop or chain, it’s only ever as strong as its weakest link and, when applied to the customer journey, it’s the underperforming links that trigger negative reactions or emotions from customers.
Talking about customers and emotions can seem like murky territory, which is not an unreasonable reaction. After all how can you measure customer emotion? However, understanding the emotion of customer experience, and applying it to the functional journey, doesn’t have to be a dark art.
For the most part, it’s a customer’s attitude that drives their behaviour towards a brand and those behaviours will dictate the types of results delivered financially; think: Attitudes drive behaviours deliver results. What’s crucial to understand about this ‘emotion equation’ is that customer behaviour can change based on the experiences or interactions they have with a brand, in turn those experiences will influence their attitudes.
The ability to change customer perceptions by understanding their behaviours requires the ability to anticipate intent, and act accordingly. Think about your own buying pattern. Once you’ve determined you need an item, if you are like the majority of today’s consumers you will start researching your options online, asking people you know, reading reviews and so on. From that information you will make your selection and go on to buy the item.
Throughout that journey, what involvement was there from the companies selling the desired item? Chances are the vendor may only have been involved in the final stages of the buying process. It’s this under-reliance on vendors, corporate websites and advertising that has made it imperative to better and fully understand customer needs and then proactively engage based on that insight.
Certain brands in highly competitive and commoditised markets such as travel, retail or telecommunications have latched on to the ‘emotion equation’ and are able to compete based on the brand equity they build. In the longer term the cache they win around their brand will allow them, if they so choose, to put a premium on it. Conversely, a brand may increase its equity by consistently delivering a guaranteed level of service against a cost-guarantee. Several supermarket chains have taken this low-cost guarantee approach, which has attracted a dedicated following in a particularly crowded market and have thereby earned enviable brand loyalty.
The customer journey
For brands wishing to reach these heights, they must ensure that every part of their company is geared towards one goal: Delivering on their brand promise, this equates to meeting the customer’s functional and emotional needs in whatever way best suits that customer. To do that they need to fully understand the customer journey: Where does the customer go when they are looking to have their needs met, who do they talk to, who do they trust; what happens when the product is bought, how is the relationship continued, how do they use the product; and what happens if they wish to extend the relationship with the brand or ask a few simple questions? Mapping the customer journey across the entire buyer cycle starts to uncover issue areas. As your customer is going through the buying cycle, what actions are they taking and what response are they anticipating? Does your brand fulfil this expectation? Does it exceed or fall short? Where are the weak links? Being able to answer these questions helps identify the powerful emotional triggers that impact the emotion equation.
Modifying these triggers allows organisations to enact change and directly impact how a customer thinks or feels about the interaction. Changing the way a customer feels about an interaction will likely have the follow-on effect of changing their behaviour, and ultimately positively influencing their attitude.
OK great, but no two customers are the same are they? True! But there are two core customer attitudes contributing to how they perceive brands: the desire for control and the desire for ease.
What customers want
First, control. When interacting with brands customers want it all their own way. They have a range of smart devices that provide constant connectivity to the web, which allows consumers to identify, research and select the products they want with ease. Customers therefore want to be able to reach their brands 24/7 using whatever means happens to suit them at that time, including the social media channels that have become so central to their lives. Over the next few years consumers are only going to wrestle away even more control from brands as web, social media and mobile services mature. They will expect all communication to be a seamless conversation with the brand. As a conversation aimed at filling their need, the customer may start on one channel (e.g. a phone call) but then move online or in-store to complete the process. If the brand fails to keep up with them they risk losing the customer altogether.
Second, the desire for ease. We have become very impatient as a species. We want things done immediately and easily. We don’t want to click through multiple web pages to have a need met, or enter in the same payment details multiple times on the same retail site.
We want it all to be simple, effective and efficient. Consumers are increasingly being won over by those brands that are the easiest to do business with, those that make the buying experience as easy and fulfilling as possible and save the customer time and effort.
Emotion and brand equity
The way that customers think about brands is essentially through a series of associations made up of feelings, sounds, images and understandings. Every one of these will have an impact of how the brand is perceived, its equity and ultimately whether a purchase is made or not. As such, brand equity is built through eliciting positive emotional responses from customers; the goal of the business should be to shape brand associations so that positive associations come to mind easily and, in turn, predispose consumers to their brands.
If businesses can provide control and ease of engagement to customers then this emotional need is largely met. If customers are able to contact the brand however they want and get through immediately to have their needs met with minimal fuss they will be happy and the brand’s equity will increase accordingly.
(Atul Tuli is a Senior Director, Oracle Cloud CRM)
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Why customer service sucks in IndiaWhy customer service sucks in India
Ankur Singla
"I'll try for a refund. But if you want to drag us to consumer court, we can get a lawyer for you at 50% off."
But don’t lose heart, here are ways to attack the problem
To put it bluntly, customer service in India is a joke. I started Akosha when I had a problem with Airtel in 2010 and could not find a solution. Over time we have come to think more deeply about how India’s customer service levels can be improved. Customer service is an unsexy topic. It involves human intervention, is a thankless job and has little revenue generation potential. You get very little recognition even when the job is well done. There’s little innovative thought going into it and any market practice that is adored (like Apple, AmEx, Zappos or Amazon) is quickly dismissed because of different unit economics and dynamics.
Most Indian CXOs know that customer service plays a large role in building brands but usually don’t care because a) they can get away with it because the laws are so weak; or b) it does not affect their brand today (usually they have the next sucker they can sell stuff to).
A lot of people think that public naming and shaming on social media has changed this. But it is not true on the ground. A repeated brand behaviour is to ask you to “DM us your phone number” and then nothing really concrete happens. The brand’s intention is not to resolve but make sure that you don’t go berserk on social media.
Long-term solutions
I think there are three ways of attacking this problem, namely, through public policy, effective implementation of consumer rights, data and analytics (transparency). Let’s take them one at a time.
Public policy: In India there aren’t enough regulations to protect the customer in various situations. Customers in India don’t have any lobbying power. (There are a few people who do take it up, but by and large there is no one with the intellectual and activist firepower who can make a difference on the ground.) This has clearly led to various practices that companies get away with in various sectors, as seen in the case of ULIPs in the insurance sector, and wrong practices by builders in real estate sector. For example, had the Competition Commission not intervened on the grounds of abuse of power in the DLF case, real estate consumers would have had to wait till such time as the Real Estate Bill came into force (hardly a consolation to someone with his/her life savings stuck). Also, we don’t have anything similar to a mass-claims action which would make it easier for consumers to come together and put enough pressure on the company (even if it takes a few years for the courts to decide). Maybe, over the next few years, a consumer-oriented lobby might emerge and might help us with stronger policies.
Effective implementation of consumer rights: Like a lot of things in India, if consumer justice was fair and swift, it would have solved half the problem. Today, it can take up to one year to get a District Consumer Forum to give a decision on a consumer case. One year is just not good enough for most consumers. On top of the delay, the law is interpreted in unfriendly ways for the customer.
For example, the law says that a customer can file a complaint either where the company’s office is or where the cause of action arose (i.e. where the transaction happened). If you go to the consumer forum today, you’ll find that the court refuses to accept the complaint unless you fulfil the first criterion. Consumer forums refuse to admit complaints against telecom companies due to a Supreme Court judgment (which is flawed even as per the Department of Telecom).
Transparency through data and analytics: The third problem is that consumers and brands’ senior management have no clue whether a particular brand’s customer service is actually good or not. Anecdotal evidence of unhappy customers abounds for each and every company that it is difficult to really know if any of them are any better than the others. Go to Google.com and search for “<brand> complaints” and you will find that every brand has complaints.
Once in a while, there is some public consensus about a company’s outstanding customer service, but this is rare. Usually, in a given room, you can find people complaining about Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and Reliance at the same time. I believe that if there was sufficient data about each company in the open domain about how good they are at customer service, it would lead to a) brands using benchmarking data to push their executives to deliver better service and drive their call-centre partners; b) customers voting with their feet and choosing brands which are statistically more likely to provide better service.
For example, if data like “complaints per 1,000 customers”, “complaints regarding network data”, “average time to resolution across brands”, “complaints by product/service type” is made available, it would lead everyone to make better decisions. A simple and easy-to-understand industry benchmarking index.
To improve customer experience in India, we need to work on all the three things together — public policy, legal mechanisms and data and analytics. In the absence of these three, our country will continue to suffer with low levels of customer experience.
(Vitamin C is a weekly dose of consumer empowerment)
Ankur Singla is CEO and Founder, Akosha.com
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Small gift  big winnerTweet
Addendum is a weekly column that takes a sometimes hard, sometimes casual, sometimes irreverent, yet never malicious look at some of the new or recent advertisements and comments on them.
A young man suitably dressed up for Diwali looks at the little gift he has bought and then makes his entry into a room where another gifting scenario is already playing out. His mother is ooohing and aaahing over the chunky necklace his father has just gifted her. The young man stops short, clearly feeling the smallness of what he has bought, compared to the extravagant gift his mother has just been thrilled with. But then Tanishq and Lowe Lintas Partners are about to show you that little bit of magic which can only be labelled ‘a mother’s love’. The young man is shown hesitantly saying that with his first Diwali bonus he has bought his mother a small pendant strung on a thin chain. The look on the mother’s face and the full force of Brand Mom comes to bear on a touching scene as she just keeps the chunky necklace aside and accepts this little token of a son’s love. Powerful emotions have been carefully stitched together in this little gem of a TVC. The final voice-over urging you to gift gold for Diwali could have been completely avoided. The line suddenly brings you from an emotional high to a commercial low.
Complete, all over again
The Complete Man is a true legacy. Something every communications person should be proud of. Because here is a brand that has persevered and not allowed change for the sake of change. It has believed in its core values and has only sought to re-interpret them with every successive campaign. After a long and loving stint with RKSwamy BBDO, the baton of the Complete Man has been passed to Famous Innovations, and in their first TVC, they have not fumbled while taking up the baton. A father and his teenaged daughter are enjoying a walk in the park, the daughter clinging to the father’s hand. Suddenly the daughter lets go of the father’s arm as she waves excitedly at a group of young friends who ask her to join them. Torn between the need to continue the walk with her father and the tug of young friends, the girl looks to the father imploringly. Scenes flash through the father’s mind, of the many instances of the child clinging to his hand as she grew up. He then indicates that she should join her friends. And the voice-over says that one of the attributes of the complete man is “letting go”. Good insight, well made, Raj. Something that any parent can relate to. The Complete Man has slightly aged (gracefully) and if I am not mistaken the voice-over has usually been male. This time it is female. A nice touch! The brand lives on!
Right in time
I’ve liked most of the ads created for Titan and this one is no different. Kalki Koechlin is shown in some place that could be Paris. Akhil Akkineni the Telugu star comes back, is thrilled with the sight of the Tower and starts photographing it with his phone. In the banter that follows, Kalki complains that Akhil is spending more time with his phone than with her. He counters by saying that it was Kalki who gifted him the phone in the first place. And then she asks him whether he would spend more time with her if she now gifted him time. And as they embrace she slips a Titan watch onto his wrist, to the strains of the Titan signature tune we all know so well and love. Simple, nicely crafted and most important, the thought behind gifting time this festive season is a winner. Ogilvy South for Titan.
Vox Pop: Reader Veera Katpitia from Mangalore writes to say the PC Jewellers advertisement where the lady says “I am the woman of the house” touched the right chord with her and made her proud to be a woman. She exhorts us all to watch the ad. Veera, marketers are waking up to the fact that women are an important part of the audience and we can hope to see more advertising that is not just gender-sensitive but also women-centric. And if I might add, you have every right to feel proud of being a woman, Veera. With or without an ad.
(Ramesh Narayan is a communications consultant. Mail your comments to cat.a.lyst@thehindu.co.in)
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Rupee ends at 61.40 against dollarUpdated: November 3, 2014 18:17 IST
Rupee ends at 61.40 against dollar
PTI
The Indian rupee on Monday depreciated by four paise to close at 61.40 against the greenback on moderate dollar demand from importers, amid some hesitancy in equities.
A better dollar overseas also weighed on the rupee while sustained capital inflows restricted the rupee fall.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee commenced lower at 61.50 a dollar from its previous close of 61.36. It moved in a range of 61.3750 and 61.5550 before concluding at 61.40, a fall of 4 paise or 0.07 percent.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said: “Rupee traded range-bound and ended almost flat near previous close. It is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 61.00 to 61.80.”
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.4118 and for the Euro at 76.6665.
The rupee held stable against the pound to end at its previous closing level of 98.23 while rose to 76.71 per euro from 77.22 per euro. It improved further to 54.14 per 100 Japanese yen from 54.95.

Even With Online Shopping  You Better Shop AroundEven with online shopping, you better shop around
Martha C. White, TODAY contributor
Nov. 3, 2014 at 1:39 PM ET
Email
If you want to find the best price online, it pays to check multiple ways on multiple devices.
With online shopping on track to generate as much as $105 billion in sales this holiday season, a study conducted by researchers at Northeastern University suggests some of that spending could be the result of sites altering the results users see when they search.
Ahn Young-joon / AP
If you want to find the best price online, it pays to check multiple ways on multiple devices.
Researchers found that more than half of 16 big travel and retail e-commerce sites displayed different results for the same search, showing more expensive items higher on the list or different prices for the same product. This happened more often on travel sites, but some retailers also varied results.
“These companies have big piles of data about consumers,” said Christo Wilson, an assistant professor of computer science at Northeastern and one of the study’s authors. “There’s a lot of work and engineering going into using this.”
His advice for shoppers: Run a search, then repeat it with your browser’s private or anonymous feature activated. Use your computer as well as your phone or tablet. As an extra measure, ask a friend or relative who lives far away to look for the same item and see what turns up. 
Video: The Huffington Post’s Brie Dyas and retail analyst Hitha Prabhakar offer advice to TODAY viewers (as well as to Tamron Hall, who fesses up to shopping online way too often) on how to avoid bad spending habits and control impulse buys.
Tags:

http://usat.ly/1x1jaq4Where to invest your money in November
Matt Krantz , USA TODAY 5:52 p.m. EST November 3, 2014
Investing your money: November is what historically has been a very bullish time for the U.S. stock market.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
45 CONNECT 65 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
November is the month investors figure it's safe to get back in stocks. But they need to know how to pick their spots.
Stocks and sectors that are closely linked to the economy, like consumer discretionary stocks, industrials and materials, are the ones that strategists expect to be in the best position.
These so-called cyclical stocks tend to do best starting in November as investors stop thinking about protecting their portfolios from downside and shift to look for growth, says Sam Stovall, strategist at S&P Capital IQ. "It's when the cyclical trade starts," he says.
5 things investors need to know about November
And this year, investors' rush into cyclical stocks could be even stronger because it's an election year, which can heighten investors' sensitivities about the economy, and cause them to make bigger bets in sectors and stocks closely tied to the economy.
Some trends investors should be minding in November include:
• Sector cyclical trends. Investors should be mindful that, historically speaking, the market shifts from defense to offense starting in November and lasting through April, Stovall says. Consumer discretionary stocks are tough to beat. Average returns of the sector going back to 1990 between November and April is 10.7%, which far exceeds the 7.2% average gain of the Standard & Poor's 500. And the sector tends to beat the market 61% of the time.
Materials stocks are no slouches, either. The sector has risen 10.1% on average between November and April since 1990, Stovall says. And materials stocks have beaten the market 70% of the time.
Hot funds for winter: Tech stocks like it cold
• Attractive stocks in the attractive sectors. Certainly, investors can play the sectors exposed to cyclical growth by buying broad baskets of the stocks in mutual funds or exchange-traded funds. But speculators might try to find the stocks in the sectors with the greatest outlooks.
General Motors might be a stock to think about in the consumer discretionary sector. The stock is one to get S&P Capital IQ's top five-star stock rating. And the stock is rated "neutral" by New Constructs, which evaluates the value of stocks based on expected future cash flows. The company is expected to boost adjusted earnings by 27% in the December quarter.
Over in the materials sector, LyondellBasell is a favorite of analysts. The company processes a wide range of chemicals from crude oil to olefins and polyethylene. The stock is rated "outperform" by the average Wall Street analyst and gets S&P Capital IQ's top five-star rating. It's also rated "attractive" by New Constructs.
• Election factors. This year's November might be a bit different because of the issues at hand in the election year. There's a battle over Senate seats that could steer the discussion on some major events. Search engine Bing currently predicts the highest possibility, 21%, that Republicans will control 51 Senate seats versus the Democrats at 49.
Winners from the elections might be utilities and industrials like NextEra Energy, which stand to benefit from the extension in production tax credits, according to research from Barclays. But the losers could be energy refiners like Valero, due to the reconsideration of the crude-oil export ban, Barclays says.
Above all, Stovall tells investors to remember that November is just the start of the seasonal time you want to be in stocks. "These are the best six months," he says.
Five things investors need to know about November:
Video Keywords Wall Street Federal Reserve winter weather Black Friday the Fed Gas prices IMac Zynga Alibaba discretionary industrials OPEC's Activision USA today key stocks Biotech France Capitol Hill Europe China's America's
November is the start of the what historically has been a very bullish time for the U.S. stock market. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  November is here those three words are music to investors'
00:04  ears. IMac France I USA today. November the arrival means that
00:12  gut wrenching right of October's finally over. They'll never kicks off
00:16  with historically. A very post time for the US stock market.
00:20  November is the second best performing month the past twenty years
00:24  the eleventh month. Also starts the sixth best six month period
00:28  going back in 1950. Expect another interest in November the Dow
00:33  and SP 500 are back at record highs and the month
00:37  hasn't even started yet. Here are five things investors need to
00:41  know about November. Number one risks remain. Never ever has lots
00:46  of things going for it but investors still have to contend
00:49  with risks. This is the first month in two years that
00:52  the Federal Reserve won't be pumping billions of dollars into the
00:56  markets. Now there's a chance the Fed might even raise rates
00:59  next year the congressional elections in the impact on Capitol Hill
01:03  could sway markets do. Economic conditions in Europe also remained weak
01:08  and then there's the uncertainty surrounding the Islamic state in domestic
01:11  terrorism. It looks shoppers show up for the kick after the
01:14  holiday shopping season on Thanksgiving. Number two. Positioning is key stocks
01:21  and sectors closely linked to an economy that is consumer discretionary
01:25  industrials and materials. Are poised to win in November. These stocks
01:29  and do best as investors stop thinking about protecting their portfolios
01:33  from downside it's shift to look for growth. The fact it's
01:37  an election year could make the Russian this cyclical stocks even
01:40  stronger. Three tech stock funds should stay high. Tech stocks have
01:45  traditionally they're well in winter weather the old rule of thumb
01:48  mr. Biotech stocks in November in Salant. Consumers intend to buy
01:53  electronics during the holidays and companies opera buy new equipment in
01:57  the first and second quarters but this winter could be different.
02:00  Well because the tech sector already done so well. Number four
02:06  hourly baba singles day key for attack. Alibaba grabbed headlines of
02:10  this IPO in mid September but now's the time for it
02:13  to deliver the Chinese e-commerce companies face in the big. Pass
02:17  on Wall Street and the rubber for as its first public
02:20  earnings call for the second quarter. Listen for what the company
02:24  says about China's version of Black Friday November 11. Activision. And
02:29  Zynga are there tax in the spotlight as they report earnings.
02:33  Five lower energy prices likely to stay. Gas prices have slipped
02:37  off warrior hello and are down 17%. From June levels. So
02:41  why is OPEC's though fine with that. Columnist rich Regan says
02:45  OPEC will likely not this production when it meets this month
02:49  and the reason is simple. America's energy alternatives are becoming far
02:53  to go. You're gonna get a feel of market moving news
02:56  in November iMac France and USA today.
45 CONNECT 65 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tRIM7J
MONTHLY MARKETS CHECKUP

Tinder CEO Is Getting Demotedreddit
Sean Rad, cofounder and CEO of dating app Tinder, is reportedly getting demoted .
Internet company IAC, which owns a majority stake in Tinder, has decided to replace 28-year-old Rad as CEO, Forbes reported on Tuesday, though it has invited him to stick around to "focus on product."
Forbes suggested the demotion is connected to a lawsuit filed earlier this year by Tinder's former vice president of marketing, Whitney Wolfe, against Tinder and IAC. The suit accused Tinder's former chief marketing officer, Justin Mateen, a close confidante of Rad's, of sexual harassment and discrimination.
“If the Whitney thing didn’t happen it would be difficult for IAC to demote Sean, because they’d have a lot to answer for,” an insider told Forbes. “But the lawsuit gave them an out.”
In her lawsuit, Wolfe claimed Mateen, her ex-boyfriend, called her a "whore" and a "little girl" in front of other employees. Mateen resigned from Tinder last September. Wolfe got about $1 million to settle the suit, a source told Forbes.
Neither Tinder nor IAC immediately responded to The Huffington Post's requests for comment.
Rad told Forbes that Tinder is "looking for an Eric Schmidt-like person,” to take over as CEO, referring to Google's executive chairman. After Mateen's resignation and Wolfe's lawsuit, Tinder is likely looking for a more professional, older and experienced CEO to run the company. Google hired Schmidt (an older, more serious businessman) as its CEO to replace co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin in 2001.
More:

Virgin Galactic Says It Will Build Another Spaceplanereddit
In this video grabbed image, billionaire Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson, at podium, pauses during a news conference before he saluted the bravery of test pilots, and vowed to find out what caused the crash of his prototype space tourism rocket that killed one crew member and injured another during a news conference in Mojave, Calif., Saturday, Nov. 1, 2014. Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo blew apart about 20 miles (32 kilometers) from the Mojave airfield after being released from a carri
Virgin Galactic may be badly bruised, but it's not throwing in the towel. Just days after its SpaceShipTwo spaceplane crashed during a test flight over California's Mojave Desert, the Las Cruces, N.M.-based space tourism company said it would continue building another commercial spaceplane .
On its website, the company called the fatal crash a "tragic setback," adding:
"We are continuing to build the second SpaceShipTwo (serial number two), which is currently about 65 percent complete and we will continue to advance our mission over the coming weeks and months...We owe it to all of those who have risked and given so much to stay the course and deliver on the promise of creating the first commercial spaceline."
The National Transportation Safety Board has begun an investigation into the cause of the crash, which killed copilot Michael Alsbury and injured pilot Peter Siebold. Preliminary findings suggest that Alsbury deployed SpaceShipTwo's reentry system prematurely , causing the spaceplane to break apart.
Also on HuffPost:

Stop putting words in my mouth  Dravid tells GangulyMore
Dravid demolishes Holy Trinity myth
Former skipper refuses to join bandwagon of Chappell bashers and asks Ganguly not to put words into his mouth.
Mail Today –  Wed 5 Nov, 2014 11:50 AM IST
Tweet
0
Chappell (C) chats with Ganguly (L) and Dravid (R) in 2005.New Delhi: Even before Sachin Tendulkar ’s tell-all book hits the stands, the Holy Trinity of Indian cricket seems to be speaking like the Tower of Babel. On Monday, Rahul Dravid — one of the legends in Indian cricket — countered former skipper Sourav Ganguly ’s claim that The Wall was fully aware of what Greg Chappell was up to during his stint as India coach, but could not control the Australian.
Refusing to join the bandwagon of Chappell bashers, Dravid said that while Ganguly had the right to an opinion on the controversy, he had no right to put words into his mouth.
Dravid made it clear that he had no such conversation with Ganguly.
“Well, if it is Ganguly’s own opinion that I couldn’t control Greg, then he is entitled to an opinion. He has played a lot for India and has every right to have an opinion. But I don’t think he can put words into my mouth because it is not fair. I never had that conversation with Sourav,” he clarified.
While most Indian cricketers from the Chappell era have wasted no time in calling him a dictator, Dravid begged to differ and made it clear that he had no issues with the Australian.
“I have had a good relationship with all the coaches that I have worked with,” he said.
Dravid also refused to take the bait when asked if he was willing to react to Tendulkar’s claim that Chappell had offered the captaincy of the team to Tendulkar prior to the 2007 World Cup in the West Indies.
Dravid said he wasn’t privy to any such conversation and would like to wait before reading the book and only comment then if he feels necessary, rather than reacting now.
“Actually, I don’t have any reaction. It referred to a personal conversation between two people and I didn’t have much to say as I haven’t been privy to that conversation or I haven’t been privy to any of those topics discussed."
“Look, I haven’t read the book. It is hard to go on the bits and pieces that we are picking from the media. Once I have read the book and have an opportunity to see it, then I will be in a better position to maybe comment on it or feel if I really do need to comment on it,” he said.
Dravid was made the skipper after Ganguly was sacked in November 2005.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

IPCA Lab stock slumps 16 percentShares of IPCA Laboratories slumped nearly 16 per cent to hit its 52-week low in early trade amid reports of stock downgrade.
The company’s stock tumbled 14.91 per cent to Rs 635 – its 52-week low on the BSE.
On the NSE, it tanked 15.66 per cent to hit its one-year low of Rs 630.
As per media reports, Credit Suisse has downgraded the stock to “underperform” from “neutral”, citing negative USFDA observations.
The US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) has issued Form-483 for the company’s Indore SEZ, reports said.
“It has been reported, that there are 6 observations on Indore SEZ in Form 483 out of which 2 are critical observations,” said Sarabjit Kour Nangra, VP Research – Pharma, Angel Broking.
“The stock has declined significantly after the news,” she said.
Earlier in July, 2014, the USFDA had released Form 483 for its Ratlam active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) facility, which listed six serious deviations from current good manufacturing practices (cGMP) on quality and training, Nangra added.
The company’s stock reportedly downgraded post critical 483 observations.
TAGS: Ipca Ipca Laboratories Ipca Laboratories Share Price
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Change: Irv Shapiro  IfbyphoneIrv Shapiro, CEO and CTO of Ifbyphone, says, "If the data says, 'Change,' change."
Irv Shapiro, CEO and CTO of Ifbyphone, says, "If the data says, 'Change,' change."

Marijuana LegalizationMidterm Elections 2014: Louisiana Senate Race Will Go to a Runoff
VICTORIES
ALASKA – MARIJUANA LEGALIZATION This is the second time in recent years that Alaskans voted on legalizing marijuana. The last attempt in 2004 failed 44 percent to 55 percent. Having legalized marijuana this year, Alaskans can expect Snoop Dogg to perform for them sometime soon. He promised a concert in Alaska if they passed Measure 2.
OREGON – MARIJUANA LEGALIZATION Oregon becomes the fourth state with full marijuana legalization, after Colorado and Washington last year, and joining Alaska Tuesday night. This also happens to be the third time Oregonians voted on pot legalization in their state, having rejected the ballot initiatives in 2012 and 2010. One of the reasons this attempt was successful may have been that voters aged 30-44 turned out at a slightly higher rate than those 65 or older. Residents will be able to possess eight ounces of marijuana at home and one ounce in public. But it won’t go into effect overnight: The Oregon Liquor Control Commission will have until Jan. 1, 2016 to implement all necessary rules and procedures necessary to regulating marijuana in the state.
WASHINGTON DC – MARIJUANA LEGALIZATION Revelers celebrating the passage of Initiative 71 which legalizes pot possession should hold off on smoking in the streets – this is far from over. Any law passed in Washington DC, including by ballot initiative, is subject to a Congressional review period and already one member of Congress, Republican Andy Harris of Maryland, has pledged to work to overturn it. And now that the Senate has turned red, Congress can more easily overturn the DC vote. Pot sellers should also probably lay low for a while. I-71 does not regulate the sale of marijuana, which means it’s technically still illegal to sell weed, even if obtaining it isn’t – another aspect of the measure that the city council might try to fix legislatively.
MINIMUM WAGE: Arkansas, Alaska, Nebraska, South Dakota Minimum wage measures are consistently popular with voters. In 2006, all seven measures on ballots around the country passed, as did a 2013 measure in New Jersey. So it’s no surprise that voters supported raising the minimum wage in all four states where that question was on the ballot this year. A fifth state, Illinois, also passed a minimum wage ballot, but that was only a way for voters to express their personal preference and was non-binding.
WASHINGTON: GUN CONTROL A ballot measure that would mandate background checks on gun show buyers and online sales passed handily, while a dueling measure that would have prevented the expansion of background checks failed. Had both gotten a majority "yes" vote, the state supreme court would have likely had to work out the legal implications.
SWEET VOTE

Brett Carlsen / for NBC Newsbrett carlsen / for nbc news
A knockout blow for money managersA knockout blow for money managers
TANYA THOMAS
A weekly column that helps you ask the right questions
November 5, 2014:  
So, will money managers struggle to survive?
Maybe. And a newly-published research paper is threatening an existential crisis of sorts for the money managers of the world. The research study says that most published research studies about why certain stocks do well or insights into why some investment strategies are successful are all inherently faulty.
Who’s come up with this?
Two finance professors (from Duke University and the University of Oklahoma) and a marketing professor (from Texas A&M) released their paper, titled ‘…And the Cross-section of Expected Returns’, late last month on the US-based National Bureau of Economic Research. The authors wanted to adapt a 2005 medical research paper, which concluded that most medical research cannot be trusted due to statistical inconsistencies, to the world of finance and see whether those results held good here as well.
And do they?
Their answer would be yes.
How?
The problem, they say, is that with the way statistical tools are currently used in research to paint a relationship between A and B, it is difficult to say which relationships actually exist and which are just products of the researcher’s imagination, or worse, just random chance.
How does this happen?
The researchers believe the problem lies with a style of analysis called ‘multiple testing’. For instance, a fund manager may want to find out why certain stocks outperformed the benchmark over a certain period. He might look for a certain factor (or what statisticians call a ‘variable’) that the stocks have in common and then subject that factor to tests to look for a significant relationship.
Meaning what?
The thumb rule in stats to prove that a relation between two items is significant is to test it for a 95 per cent confidence interval, that is, to prove that the result of the test will be reliable 95 per cent of the time. Which leaves a five per cent chance that the result is random and the two items have nothing to do with each other.
But isn’t 95 per cent good enough?
It is, when you stop with just one variable. The problem arises when the fund manager doesn’t stop the test with one variable but goes on to test hundreds of others simultaneously on a computer.
The 5 per cent chance of a relationship being random adds up with each test, until the fund manager might find a relationship that he believes is reliable 95 per cent of the time is, in fact, utterly useless.
What we would call dumb luck.
And what statisticians call a type one error, or a false positive — that is, seeing a relationship where none exists.
So my money manager’s secret strategy is as good as mine?
Or even worse. Campbell R Harvey, the Duke University professor and the paper’s lead writer, said in an interview later that this is most likely why the majority of actively-managed mutual funds do worse than the benchmark in the long-term, because their fund managers have placed their faith in secret strategies that don’t really exist.
Does he have an alternative?
Campbell does offer an alternative, meant to be a more stringent test of statistical significance. But there still is the caveat at the fag end of the paper: That “statistical evidence can only get us this far in terms of getting rid of the false discoveries”.
The secret could be that there really is no secret!
A weekly column that helps you ask the right questions
So, will money
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Look east for energyUnquiet waters A hegemon on the prowl in the South China Sea
Modi’s upcoming summit meetings with East Asian and Australian leaders are laden with promise
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be setting a new record for an Indian Prime Minister by his participation in four multilateral summits in November 2014. He will be in Myanmar for two meetings, the first with Asean heads of government. He then participates in the East Asia summit, which will bring him together with leaders of the US, Russia, China, Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand.
He thereafter proceeds to Brisbane to participate in the G20 summit, bringing together leaders of the developed world and emerging markets. This involves interaction with advanced economic powers including the US, Canada, Australia and the leading economies of Europe, together with the emerging economies of Brics and Indonesia. Towards the end of the month he will attend the Saarc summit in Kathmandu which has political importance but shows little economic promise, thanks to Pakistani obduracy.
These meetings are taking place after a successful Brics summit. It led to the first tentative steps to end the global economic dominance of the US and its European partners by the establishment of the Brics Development Bank and the Asian Infrastructure Bank in China. These institutions should be realistically seen as complementing, supplementing, but not supplanting institutions such as the World Bank, the IMF and Asian Development Bank. India needs to make this clear as the multiplicity of institutions for developmental funding fits in with its belief in a multipolar world. If some countries take serious objection to American unilateralism, an equal number have serious misgivings about Chinese expansionism.
Better integration
Ever since former Prime Minister Narasimha Rao set India on the path to economic liberalisation, one of the most productive aspects of Indian diplomacy has been the country’s growing economic integration with the economies in its eastern neighbourhood, across the Straits of Malacca to the South China Sea and the Pacific Ocean. The greatest security concern of Japan and Asean countries has been the Chinese propensity to use its growing military power to enforce its maritime territorial claims. India has happily put aside the self-doubt and pusillanimity that characterised the response of the UPA government to Chinese aggressiveness.
A clear manifestation of this change occurred in Washington, when the Modi-Obama Joint Statement affirmed the “importance of safeguarding maritime security and ensuring freedom of navigation and overflight throughout the (Asia-Pacific) Region, especially in the South China Sea”. This was followed by shedding earlier fears on equipping the Vietnamese armed forces.
The supply of naval patrol boats and expanded training facilities to the Vietnamese armed forces will hopefully be followed with equipping the Vietnamese with supersonic Brahmos Cruise Missiles, to meet Chinese maritime challenges. There should necessarily be effective answers to Chinese policies of “strategic containment” of India, through its nuclear and missile proliferation to Pakistan and the strategic encirclement of India in the Indian Ocean region.
Talking Down Under
Modi, who has developed an excellent personal rapport with his Australian counterpart Tony Abbot, will proceed from the G20 summit in Brisbane to Sydney, Canberra and Melbourne for interactions with the 2,90,000-strong Indian community, an address to the Australian parliament, and extensive discussions with the business and investor community.
Virtually every major Indian IT company has an office in Australia. Indian private investment in copper and coal mining in Australia is growing. Major Indian companies ranging from Tata Power and the Aditya Birla Group to Sterlite Industries, Petronet LNG and the Adani Group have significant investment interests in Australia. Even the state-owned NMDC has an agreement with Australian mineral giant Rio Tinto for joint exploration in India and Australia. But, transformational reforms are called for in our mining sector before foreign investors invest significantly in exploration in India.
India and Australia are set to expand military cooperation. It would be useful to establish institutional links between our Andaman and Nicobar Command and its counterparts in nearby Perth. Moreover, India and Australia should work for a system of cooperative security across the Straits of Malacca with Asean partners, especially Indonesia. India also needs to finalise a comprehensive economic partnership agreement with Australia, as it has done with Japan and South Korea.
Trade and investment
Discussions are likely on the possibility of Indian participation in the American-led Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) for developing a free trade, investment and economic partnership extending from India to the US, Mexico and Canada. Fourteen countries including Australia, New Zealand, Japan, South Korea and four Asean members —Vietnam, Singapore, Malaysia and Brunei — have joined negotiations on the TPP. Indonesia, the Philippines and Cambodia have expressed interest. There are naturally apprehensions in India on issues like IPR, investment protection and government procurement. These could be discussed with Abbot, who has taken a keen interest in the TPP.
Modi’s visit to Australia is taking place when there are drastic changes emerging in the global energy situation. The US is now the largest producer of oil in the world. It is also becoming a significant exporter of natural gas across its Atlantic and Pacific shores. Canada is also emerging as a major exporter of gas across the Pacific. Both Japan and South Korea, major buyers of Australian LNG, will soon have alternate sources of supply. The US is building additional LNG capacity of 80 million tonnes per year, predominantly for export. Oil and gas prices will stabilise or fall as the global energy scenario inevitably changes. Australia is also increasing its LNG exports substantially from its Indian Ocean terminals, to reach 83 million tonnes annually in 2017, and expand further, thereafter.
Given Western Australia’s proximity to India’s east coast, Modi’s visit would be the ideal occasion to give momentum to efforts for long-term agreements for imports of LNG from Australia, which would facilitate the development of petrochemical, fertiliser and power industries along our east coast. India’s excessive dependence on imports of oil and gas from the politically volatile Persian/Arab Gulf region should be reduced.
The writer is a former high commissioner to Pakistan
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

PM Modi Reviews Infra Sectors; New Civil Aviation Policy on AnvilYou are here: Home Economy
PM Modi Reviews Infrastructure Sectors; New Civil Aviation Policy on Anvil
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 05, 2014 21:32 (IST)
More Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: A new civil aviation policy is under preparation of the government, a high-level meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi was told on Wednesday amid his thrust on inter-linking connectivity-related infrastructure sectors.
Reviewing work in connectivity-linked infrastructure sectors, he emphasised the need for faster inter-ministerial coordination and resolution of issues, and laid stress on achieving visible results in clear timeframes.
Mr Modi directed strict monitoring of projects, based on monthly completion of targets.
He said he looked forward to a meeting with coastal states to discuss infrastructure, coastal security, island development and tourism in an integrated and holistic manner.
The review focussed on progress of work towards achievement of targets in the sectors of road, railways, shipping and civil aviation.
"The Prime Minister underlined that the development vision of various connectivity-related infrastructure sectors should be inter-related and closely coordinated," a statement from the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) said.
With regard to the civil aviation sector, it was noted that a new policy is under preparation.
PM Modi said states should be made partners in working out and maintaining the viability of new international airports proposed to be set up within their territory.
Expressing satisfaction over the beginning of work at Pakyong Airport in Sikkim, it was noted that with the start of the second route for the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra and the thrust of Sikkim as an organic state, this airport would be able to cater to a huge demand for air services.
The meeting was also told that 20 projects in 10 sectors have been identified for FDI following the decision to allow 100 per cent foreign investment in the railways.
The railways have also designed and fabricated a new wagon specifically for transport of salt, which will lead to a 40 per cent increase in the carrying capacity.
Story first published on: November 05, 2014 21:22 (IST)

Kangana Ranaut is new brand ambassador for BoroplusSteel baron Lakshmi Mittal drops down South Africa rich list
FMCG firm Emami today launched the new BoroPlus Total Results moisturising lotion and appointed bollywood actress Kangana Ranaut as its brand ambassador.
With the induction of Kangana, BoroPlus now has both her and Kareena Kapoor Khan endorsing the lotion, the company said in a statement.
Commenting on the launch, Emami Director Priti A Sureka said, “Winter lotion is a category on a high growth path, both in urban and rural centres, with more than 800 crore in value sales in 2013-14.
“We have reworked on the overall capability by infusing new advanced product formulations and packaging which will deliver heightened customer satisfaction.”
BoroPlus portfolio includes BoroPlus Antiseptic Cream, BoroPlus Anti-Pollution face wash range and BoroPlus Prickly Heat Powder.
TAGS: BoroPlus Kangana Ranaut Kareena Kapoor Khan
More from companies
Higher royalties, lower dividends Companies listed on the Indian bourses that pay hefty amounts of royalty to their parent entities, pay comparatively much lesser...

Greater market access sought for Indian productsNew Delhi, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 00:47 IST
Greater market access sought for Indian products
Special Correspondent
Tweet
“India has set global standards in pharma, auto, textile products”
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Wednesday demanded greater market access in Russia for Indian pharmaceutical, automotive, textile and value-added farm products and invited Russian businessmen to explore with an open mind investment opportunities in India.
She was addressing the India-Russia Forum on Trade and Development here organised by the Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry here.
Rogozin lauds Modi
Russia’s Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Make in India’ campaign. “We are willing to help each other. Huge opportunities are there for MSME sector. We will give personal assistance and help Indian businesses [to invest in Russia].”
“Our intention is to seek greater market penetration and access in at least those sectors in which India has set global standards like pharma, auto, textiles and value-added agri products,” Ms. Sitharaman said. “We would like to invite investments from Russia. Come and produce here those goods [for which] you have market available here. Come to India, make it here and sell it to us,” the Minister said, adding that India had a lot to offer to Russian investors in terms of skilled work force.
“India has permitted visa on arrival for businessmen at several ports…We are going to have in a very big way single window clearance mechanism for businesses,” the Minister added.

Labor  community leaders pledge to push lawmakers to raise minimum wageLabor, community leaders pledge to push lawmakers to raise minimum wage
Caption Workers hope for minimum wage increase after referendum passed
Raise Illinois Action, a coalition of labor groups and community organizations, held a press conference on results of the non-biding referendum on minimum wage in Chicago on Nov. 5, 2014. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
Raise Illinois Action, a coalition of labor groups and community organizations, held a press conference on results of the non-biding referendum on minimum wage in Chicago on Nov. 5, 2014. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
Caption 'Raising the minimum wage makes moral sense'
Katelyn Johnson, executive director of Action Now, discusses the minimum wage referendum at a press conference Wednesday.
Katelyn Johnson, executive director of Action Now, discusses the minimum wage referendum at a press conference Wednesday.
Elections AFL-CIO
Labor, community leaders on minimum wage referendum: 'The working people have spoken'
Labor and community leaders on Wednesday pledged to push lawmakers to raise Illinois' minimum wage to $10 per hour after two thirds of voters supported an increase in a non-binding referendum Tuesday.
"The working people have spoken," Katelyn Johnson, executive director of Action Now, said at a press conference in downtown Chicago. "They are demanding a minimum wage increase."
Ill. voters support tax on millionaires and minimum wage hike
A majority of Ill. voters supported increasing the minimum wage and taxing millionaires on Tuesday's ballot.
A majority of Ill. voters supported increasing the minimum wage and taxing millionaires on Tuesday's ballot.
See more videos
Two-thirds of Illinois voters supported raising the state's minimum wage from $8.25 per hour to $10 per hour in January in a non-binding referendum. Lawmakers have introduced bills in the House and the Senate that would raise the minimum wage to $10.65 per hour in 2016. They will return to Springfield in two weeks for the fall veto session.
Johnson said the overwhelming vote in favor of the increase sends a strong signal to lawmakers.
"Elected officials need to hear it; they need to carry out the will of the people," Johnson said, adding that voters will remember casting the vote and will not wait any longer.
@brooken78 I understand that those from Gordon might beg to differ....
John the First
14
Kim Maisch, state director of the National Federation of Independent Businesses, which represents 11,000 small businesses in Illinois, said the state's current minimum wage is one of the highest in the country. The rate, she said, "has done very little to decrease poverty and hasn't helped create any new jobs."
Instead, NFIB would prefer to focus on helping people get the education and training needed to land jobs that pay more than the minimum wage, Maisch said.
Josue Barrera, who said he works two minimum wage jobs and still finds himself struggling, said his dream is to study mechanical engineering. But he said he finds it impossible to go to school and support himself when wages are so low.
"The real fight begins now," Barrera said at the press conference. Barrera said he campaigned with Logan Square Neighborhood Association to get people out to vote.
Illinois was one of a handful states with ballot initiatives to raise the minimum wage. Voters in Alaska, Arkansas, Nebraska and South Dakota voted to raise their minimum wage to between $8.50 and $9.75 per hour from between $6.25 to $7.75 per hour. In California, voters passed a referendum to increase the minimum wage from $9 to $12.25 per hour in Oakland and from $10.74 to $15 per hour in San Francisco. And voters in various cities and counties in Wisconsin approved a non-binding referendum to raise the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour. Wisconsin's minimum wage is $7.25 per hour. The results led the labor movement to claim victory on the minimum wage front.
"Despite some disappointing political results for millions of union members and all working families, the vast majority of Americans made clear they want an economy that works for everyone," the AFL-CIO said in a statement.

Leveling The Playing Fieldreddit
I may be new to politics, but there's one thing I know -- investing in democracy is, without question, a winning proposition.
In the presidential debates back in 2008 and 2012, the candidates clearly didn't know how to make climate change resonate with voters -- if they mentioned it at all. Communities across the country were feeling the impacts of climate change firsthand -- I was seeing it in my own home state of California -- but the political conversation wasn't catching up to reality.
Climate change is the challenge of our generation, but unfortunately many politicians are stuck in the past -- old industries, old energy sources, old ideas. They fear that even accepting the science of climate change, let alone advocating any action, is bad for their political careers. They were playing with a stacked deck -- propped up by the megaphones and millions from Big Oil interests who were willing to drown out the voice of American voters in order to maintain the status quo. Science didn't stand a chance.
Well, in 2013, I set out to level the playing field. I wanted to convince voters that if we allow "deer-in-the-headlights" politics to paralyze our political system and keep our country from moving forward, that outcome will only hurt us in the end. More than that, I wanted to empower voters to tune out the tired talking points of the fossil fuel industry and decide their future based on the science and the facts.
I founded NextGen Climate with a clear mission in mind: to act politically to prevent climate disaster and preserve American prosperity. The odds were stacked against us. After all, our political opponents are very ambitious and well-funded. But now, a little more than a year later, I'm proud to say that climate change is officially on the ballot and politicians have been put on notice: Refusing to accept the science of climate change will undermine your credibility. For voters, it's a question of trust.
With the help of more than 2,000 staff and volunteers in 50 offices across the country, climate change emerged as a top-tier issue in nine states this November and our opponents were forced to go on the defense. One thing is clear: We've made our mark, and this pivotal year for climate politics has given our efforts an unprecedented leg up.
We've said from the start that NextGen Climate isn't a "drive-by super PAC," and this November we proved it. Yes, we had a formidable presence on the airwaves, but we also relied on that oldest tool of the democratic system: neighbors talking to neighbors and sharing their vision for a better future. Together, we talked to more than two million voters to spread our message and make the case for climate action.
Participating in these midterm elections has taught me an immense amount about our tremendous democratic system as millions of people across our nation have raised their voices and cast their votes to turn 2014 into an unprecedented year for climate action.
But this is only the beginning.
To put climate on the ballot for our presidential candidates in 2016, we knew we had to start by changing the conversation on climate in these midterm elections. We've already talked to more than 350,000 voters who have personally committed to vote on climate, and with their help, we're sending an unmistakable message to politicians who would deny basic science: voters are smart. They care about these issues. And the same old song and dance just won't cut it next time around.
It's time to face the facts, because we're just getting started.
Follow Tom Steyer on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TomSteyer
More:

Leaked Docs Expose More Than 340 Companies  Tax Schemes In LuxembourgLeaked Docs Expose More Than 340 Companies' Tax Schemes In Luxembourg
ICIJ  | By                                                                Leslie Wayne, Kelly Carr, Marina Walker Guevara, Mar Cabra and Michael Hudson
Posted:
reddit
This article was reported by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, a Washington DC-based global network of 185 reporters in 65 countries who collaborate on transnational investigations.
Pepsi, IKEA, FedEx and 340 other international companies have secured secret deals from Luxembourg, allowing many of them to slash their global tax bills while maintaining little presence in the tiny Central European duchy, leaked documents show.
These companies appear to have channeled hundreds of billions of dollars through Luxembourg and saved billions of dollars in taxes, according to a review of nearly 28,000 pages of confidential documents conducted by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists and a team of more than 80 journalists from 26 countries.
Big companies can book big tax savings by creating complicated accounting and legal structures that move profits to low-tax Luxembourg from higher-tax countries where they’re headquartered or do lots of business. In some instances, the leaked records indicate, companies have enjoyed effective tax rates of less than 1 percent on the profits they’ve shuffled into Luxembourg.
The leaked documents reviewed by ICIJ journalists include hundreds of private tax rulings – sometimes known as “comfort letters” – that Luxembourg provides to corporations seeking favorable tax treatment.
The European Union and Luxembourg have been fighting for months over Luxembourg’s reluctance to turn over information about its tax rulings to the EU, which is investigating whether the country’s tax deals with Amazon and Fiat Finance violate European law. Luxembourg officials have supplied some information to the EU but have refused, EU officials say, to provide a larger set of documents relating to its tax rulings.
Today ICIJ and its media partners are releasing a large cache of Luxembourg tax rulings – 548 comfort letters issued from 2002 to 2010 – at www.icij.org and reporting on their contents in stories that will be published or broadcast in dozens of countries. It’s unclear whether any of these documents are among those still being sought by EU investigators, but they are the kinds of documents that go to the heart of the EU’s investigation into Luxembourg’s tax rulings.
The leaked documents reviewed by ICIJ involve deals negotiated by PricewaterhouseCoopers, one of the world’s largest accounting firms, on behalf of hundreds of corporate clients. To qualify the companies for tax relief, the records show, PwC tax advisers helped come up with financial strategies that feature loans among sister companies and other moves designed to shift profits from one part of a corporation to another to reduce or eliminate taxable income.
The records show, for example, that Memphis-based FedEx Corp. set up two Luxembourg affiliates to shuffle earnings from its Mexican, French and Brazilian operations to FedEx affiliates in Hong Kong. Profits moved from Mexico to Luxembourg largely as tax-free dividends. Luxembourg agreed to tax only one quarter of 1 percent of FedEx’s non-dividend income flowing through this arrangement – leaving the remaining 99.75 percent tax-free.
“A Luxembourg structure is a way of stripping income from whatever country it comes from,’’ said Stephen E. Shay, a professor of international taxation at Harvard Law School and a former tax official in the U.S. Treasury Department. The Grand Duchy, he said, “combines enormous flexibility to set up tax reduction schemes, along with binding tax rulings that are unique. It’s like a magical fairyland.”
FedEx declined comment on the specifics of its Luxembourg tax arrangements. Other companies seeking tax deals from Luxembourg come from private equity, real estate, banking, manufacturing, pharmaceuticals and other industries, the leaked files show. They include Accenture, Abbott Laboratories, American International Group (AIG), Amazon, Blackstone, Deutsche Bank, the Coach handbag empire, H.J. Heinz, JP Morgan Chase, Burberry, Procter & Gamble, the Carlyle Group and the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority.
For their part, Luxembourg’s officials and defenders say the landlocked nation’s system of private tax agreements is above reproach.
“No way are these sweetheart deals,” Nicolas Mackel, chief executive of Luxembourg for Finance, a quasi-governmental agency, said in an interview with ICIJ.
“The Luxembourg system of taxation is competitive – there is nothing unfair or unethical about it,” Mackel said. “If companies manage to reduce their tax bills to a very low rate, that’s a problem not of one tax system but of the interaction of many tax systems.”
Less than 1 percent
Disclosure of the leaked documents comes at a sensitive time for Luxembourg, a nation with a population of less than 550,000. Amid the EU probe of Luxembourg’s tax deals, former Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker is in his first week in office as president of the European Commission, one of the most powerful positions in the EU.
Juncker, Luxembourg’s top leader when many of the jurisdiction’s tax breaks were crafted, has promised to crack down on tax dodging in his new post, but he has also said he believes his own country’s tax regime is in “full accordance” with European law. Under Luxembourg’s system, tax advisers from PwC and other firms can present proposals for corporate structures and transactions designed to create tax savings and then get written assurance that their plan will be viewed favorably by the duchy’s Ministry of Finance.
“It’s like taking your tax plan to the government and getting it blessed ahead of time,” Richard D. Pomp, a tax law professor at the University of Connecticut School of Law, said. “And most are blessed. Luxembourg has a very user-friendly tax department.”
The private deals are legal in Luxembourg but may be subject to legal challenge outside the country if tax officials in other nations view them as improper.
Luxembourg’s Ministry of Finance said in a statement that “advance tax decisions” are “well established in many EU member states, such as Germany, France, the Netherlands, the U.K., and Luxembourg” and that they don’t conflict with European law as long as “all taxpayers in a similar situation are treated equally.”
PwC said ICIJ’s reporting is based on “outdated” and “stolen” information, “the theft of which is in the hands of the relevant authorities.” It said its tax advice and assistance are “given in accordance with applicable local, European and international tax laws and agreements and is guided by a PwC Global Tax Code of Conduct.”
In its statement PwC said media do not have “a complete understanding of the structures involved.” While the company can’t comment on specific client matters, it rejects “any suggestion that there is anything improper about the firm’s work.”
ICIJ and its media partners used corporate balance sheets, regulatory filings and court records to put the leaked tax rulings in context. News organizations that have worked together on the six-month investigation include The Guardian, Süddeutsche Zeitung and NDR/WDR in Germany, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, Le Monde, Japan’s Asahi Shimbun, CNBC, Denmark’s Politiken, Brazil’s Folha de S. Paulo and others.
U.S. and U.K. companies appeared more frequently in the leaked files than companies from any other country, followed by firms from Germany, Netherlands and Switzerland. Most of the rulings in the stash of documents were approved between 2008 and 2010. Some of them were first reported on in 2012 by Edouard Perrin for France 2 public television and by the BBC, but most of the PwC documents have never before been analyzed by reporters.
The files do not include tax deals sought from Luxembourg authorities through other accounting firms. And many of the documents do not include explicit figures for how much money the companies expected to shift through Luxembourg.
Experts who’ve reviewed the files for ICIJ say the documents do make it clear, though, that the companies and their advisors at PwC engaged in aggressive tax-reduction strategies, using Luxembourg in combination with other tax havens such as Gibraltar, Delaware and Ireland.
The documents show that:
The Pepsi Bottling Group Inc., a New York-based unit of PepsiCo, used subsidiaries in Luxembourg to arrange a series of loans among sister companies that allowed the bottler to reduce its tax rate on its $1.4 billion purchase of a controlling interest in JSC Lebedyansky, Russia’s largest juice maker. At least $750 million of the money involved in the Russian deal traveled through a Luxembourg subsidiary named Tanglewood, before landing in a Pepsi subsidiary in Bermuda. Luxembourg acted as a tax-reducing conduit as the profits moved from Russia to Bermuda.
New York-based Coach Inc. set up two Luxembourg entities to move €250 million in Hong Kong earnings in 2011, an amount it expected to approach €1 billion by 2013. One Luxembourg entity acted as an internal corporate bank, allowing much of the luxury goods maker’s Asian operating earnings to glide through a series of foreign entities in the form of interest payments on money the company loaned itself. Filings in Luxembourg showed that in 2012, the company paid €250,000 in taxes on €36.7 million in earnings channeled into Luxembourg – a rate of well under 1 percent.
IKEA has used Luxembourg as part of a tax-savings strategy almost as complicated as the retail chain’s ready-to-assemble furniture. IKEA operates through two independent groups of companies: IKEA Group, which controls most of the 364 iconic IKEA big-box stores and Inter IKEA Group, which oversees franchise operations. Inter IKEA’s structure includes a Luxembourg holding company, a Luxembourg finance company, a Liechtenstein foundation and a Swiss finance arm. Leaked documents show IKEA’s Luxembourg operations opened the Swiss subsidiary in 2009 to outsource part of their financing operations to yet another low-tax jurisdiction, allowing the company to save taxes both in Luxembourg and in Switzerland.
Belgium’s richest family, the billionaire de Spoelberch dynasty, obtained a private tax ruling from Luxembourg in 2008. The de Spoelberch clan, part of the country’s old nobility and close to the royal family, holds a big stake in ABInbev, the world’s biggest brewer whose labels include Budweiser, Stella Artois, Corona and Beck’s. The records indicate the de Spoelberch’s routed €2 billion through Ireland and then Luxembourg, reducing taxes with each step. The only sign of Luxembourg companies controlled by the family appears to be a small letter box at an address that lists nearly 190 other companies.
Even the Canadian government got a private Luxembourg tax ruling. In 2008, the Public Sector Pension Investment Board, which manages pensions for all Canadian federal employees, including the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, bought real estate in Berlin. The pension board set up Luxembourg companies that helped it sidestep German land transfer taxes. A complex internal loan structure allowed the board to pay minimal taxes in Luxembourg on income from the German properties. The investment board has a Luxembourg office – a place where desks can be rented by the month and where two employees watch over600 million in European investments.
The Canadian pension board and Inter IKEA both said their tax planning complies with all laws and regulations.  The Canadian fund argues that because it has tax-exempt status in Canada, it ultimately gained “no tax advantage” by routing investments through Luxembourg. Inter IKEA said its total effective corporate income tax rate is currently around 14 percent.
Pepsi, Coach and an accountant for the de Spoelberch family’s Luxembourg holdings declined to comment on the specifics of their tax arrangements.
“This is the first time really that we’ve seen inside the workings of Luxembourg as a tax haven,” said Richard Brooks, a former U.K. tax inspector and author of the book The Great Tax Robbery, who was hired by ICIJ to help review some of the leaked documents. “The countries . . . that are losing money, they don't know about it, don’t know how it operates at all.”
Gilded Age
Last month, in the Gilded Age splendor of New York’s private Metropolitan Club, Pierre Gramegna, Luxembourg’s minister of finance, tried to woo the Wall Street crowd with some premier cru wine and a little levity. He told assembled financiers that he wanted to dispel the myth that his tiny country is nothing more than a tax haven:  “Luxembourg is not an offshore place. I say it loud and clear.”
What he got back was hearty round of laughter.
In the wake of the EU’s probe of its tax practices, Luxembourg officials continue to bristle at their nation’s tax haven label. The country, a founding member of the EU, boasts of being a multi-lingual nation in the heart of Europe with a business-friendly and stable government. Once primarily a steel-maker and manufacturer, Luxembourg has transitioned into a financial center rivaling London, New York or Hong Kong. With $3.7 trillion in assets under management by banks and other institutions, Luxembourg is second only to the U.S. as a global investment center.
More than 170 of the Fortune 500 companies have a Luxembourg branch, according to Citizens for Tax Justice, a nonprofit research and advocacy group. A total of $95 billion in profits from American corporations’ overseas operations flowed through Luxembourg in 2012, the most current statistics from the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis show. On those profits, corporations paid $1.04 billion in taxes to Luxembourg – just 1.1 percent.
Other tax havens, Ireland for example, openly advertise rock-bottom corporate tax rates of 12.5 percent. Luxembourg instead maintains a statutory tax rate of 29 percent, but the leaked files show that the duchy has routinely approved tax rulings that whittle down what counts as taxable income to practically nothing. This can drop Luxembourg’s effective tax rate deep into single digits.
Less than 30 percent of the tax deals in the leaked documents include a specific figure for the amount of money that companies said they planned to “invest” through the Luxembourg agreements. The total for those deals was roughly $215 billion between 2002 and 2010. The figure would likely grow to several hundred billion dollars if projected investments in other deals in the leaked PwC documents were included. And the overall figure for money shuffled through Luxembourg as the result of confidential tax agreements would grow even larger if tax deals arranged through other accounting firms were included.
PwC’s letters seeking special tax rulings were usually 20 to 100 pages long. They detail various financial strategies and then specify the tax treatment the accountants expect to get for their clients – suggesting, for example, that dividends be treated as tax-free interest.
The leaked tax rulings indicate that negotiations were conducted in private meetings between PwC accountants and Luxembourg tax officials. PwC’s written proposals were often approved the same day they were submitted.
The deals can be so complex that PwC accountants frequently include “before” and “after” diagrams to illustrate how money flows from subsidiary to subsidiary and across different countries and tax havens. The leaked records show that Luxembourg’s 2009 tax deal for Illinois-based Abbott Laboratories – which makes arthritis drugs and Ensure meal replacement shakes – features 79 steps including companies in Cyprus and Gibraltar. Abbott projected it would invest as much as $50 billion via Luxembourg.
A spokesperson for Abbott declined comment.
In a 2009 presentation, PwC highlights Luxembourg as a place with “flexible and welcoming authorities” who are “easily contactable” and offer a “readiness for dialogue and quick decision-making process.”
Most of the leaked tax rulings were approved and signed by the same tax official, Marius Kohl, now retired. Sometimes known in tax circles as “Monsieur Ruling,” Kohl was described by one Belgian newspaper as “the guardian of the only door through which companies can enter the fiscal paradise of Luxembourg.” During his time as head of a Luxembourg agency called Sociétés 6, Kohl oversaw the approval of thousands of tax agreements, personally signing as many as 39 in the course of a single day. The Wall Street Journal has reported that since Kohl retired in 2013, it can take up to six months for a tax ruling to be approved.
A woman who answered the phone at Kohl’s home told an ICIJ reporter that he wasn’t interested in talking. In a recent interview with The Wall Street Journal, Kohl said: “The work I did definitely benefited the country, though maybe not in terms of reputation.”
When a Journal reporter asked whether the prices that companies’ Luxembourg affiliates charged sister companies outside the country for the use of intellectual property and other services were accurate, Kohl licked his thumb and held it in the air.
“There was no way to verify it,” he said.
Financial Power
Luxembourg’s economy benefits from a growing cadre of lawyers, accountants, and financiers who are hired to appear before the tax authorities. PwC, for example, said in 2013 that it had more than 2,300 employees in Luxembourg and that it expected to add another 600 in 2014.
Sprawling office parks of high-rise towers, not unlike those outside of Dallas or in northern Virginia, bustle with energy. Construction cranes dot the skyline. The International Monetary Fund reports that Luxembourg has the planet’s highest economic output per capita – $112,473 per person in 2013, more than double the United States ($53,001), France ($44,099) and the United Kingdom ($39,372).
“Luxembourg is not what people think it is when you think of a tax haven,’’ Mackel, CEO of Luxembourg for Finance, said. “We make steel and car components and have a logistics industry. Our financial center is diverse with first class funds, insurance, corporate finance and Europe’s leading stock exchange. Luxembourg is about much more than this one issue they try to make of it.’’
Still, Luxembourg has many ways to cut tax bills not always seen elsewhere. For example, some 80 percent of royalties on earnings from intellectual property – software copyrights, patents and trademarks, for instance – are exempt from taxes.
Corporations that have established toeholds in Luxembourg have made use of financial instruments that shift money around the map to play one country’s tax rules against another. This might be, for instance, a hybrid debt instrument that allows profits to move out of a high-tax EU country to a Luxembourg entity. The profits are treated as interest payments in Luxembourg, where they can be deducted from taxes. In the parent company's country, they can be treated as dividends and eligible for a tax exemption.
The EU recently banned the use of hybrid loans that exploit tax mismatches between country tax systems for companies headquartered in Europe. Luxembourg and other EU members have until the end of 2015 to enact the ban into law within their own borders.
As in many tax havens, a Luxembourg office can be just a mailbox. Office buildings throughout the city are filled with brand-name corporate nameplates and little else. Some have offices and no visible employees. One building at 5 Rue Guillaume Kroll is home to more than 1,600 companies; another at 2 Avenue Charles de Gaulle houses roughly 1,450; and a building at 46A Avenue J.F. Kennedy is home to at least 1,300, according to an ICIJ analysis of Luxembourg’s corporate registry.
These companies can represent big bucks. From the U.S. alone, direct investment into Luxembourg in 2013 was $416 billion, according to the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis. Of that, the vast majority, $343 billion, was in the form of holding companies, which are vehicles to hold securities and financial assets rather than to create local jobs. In fact, Luxembourg represents a tiny fraction of 1 percent – 0.13 percent in 2010 – of all overseas jobs with American companies, indicating it is a place that houses money more than it provides employment.
In 2011 Luxembourg passed new rules requiring that Luxembourg-based companies that serve as internal banks for larger corporate structures station a majority of their managers and board members in the Grand Duchy. It’s unclear how these rules are enforced and the Ministry of Finance did not respond to ICIJ’s questions about mailbox companies in Luxembourg.
EU probe
Luxembourg’s freewheeling ways are gaining it few friends in nearby Brussels, the EU’s headquarters.
The European Commission, the administrative arm of the EU, is investigating whether Luxembourg’s tax rulings for Amazon and Fiat Finance constitute illegal state aid, violating rules that bar EU members from offering deals to one company that are not available to all.
“In the current context of tight public budgets, it is particularly important that large multinationals pay their fair share of taxes,” Joaquín Almunia, the commission’s vice president for competition policy until last week, said earlier this year in announcing EU probes into tax practices in Ireland, The Netherlands and Luxembourg.
Reuters reported in 2012 that Amazon’s Luxembourg arrangements allowed it to have an average tax rate of 5.3 percent on overseas income from 2007 to 2011. Amazon company filings show that in 2013 the on-line merchant reported revenues of $20 billion from its European operations, which are channeled primarily through Luxembourg.
The commission’s Amazon probe focuses on one of the online retailer’s key companies in Luxembourg, Amazon EU S.à.r.l., which handles services to Amazon’s European customers.
The commission argues that a generous 2003 tax ruling by Luxembourg authorities allows Amazon EU S.à.r.l. to funnel millions of euros in tax-deductible royalties each year to yet another Amazon company in Luxembourg, a limited partnership that is tax exempted. This tax break and others like it allow Amazon to pay little in taxes in the Grand Duchy on its European sales.
The leaked PwC documents show that in 2009 Amazon EU S.à.r.l. reported more than €519 million in royalty expenses while the limited partnership Amazon Europe Holding Technologies SCS had an influx of the same amount “based on agreements with affiliated companies.” Thanks to the royalty expenses and other deductions, Amazon EU S.à.r.l. posted a taxable profit of just €14.8 million and paid €4.1 million in taxes in Luxembourg.
Amazon did not respond to ICIJ’s requests for comment.
As EU authorities are pushing their corporate tax probes, a leading multinational group, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, has proposed a new set of rules that would bar companies from using many common practices to shift profits into tax havens. Approval of the OECD’s proposals, however, is uncertain and years away.
Gramegna, Luxembourg’s finance minister, said in an interview with ICIJ in New York that “the European Commission is entitled, by treaty, to look after fair competition and at state aid. They decided to look into Amazon. We are telling the European Commission that everything we’ve done has been within the general principles of the European Union and the OECD.”
Adding a political twist to the Brussels probes is Juncker’s rise to the presidency of the European Commission. As Luxembourg’s prime minister, he signed into law the provision that allows companies to write off 80 percent of royalty income from intellectual property.
In a speech in July in Brussels, Juncker promised to “fight tax evasion and tax dumping. … We will try to put some morality, some ethics, into the European tax landscape.” But he also recently told German television : “No one has ever been able to make a convincing and thorough case to me that Luxembourg is a tax haven. Luxembourg employs tax rules that are in full accordance with European law.”
At a press conference two weeks ago, Juncker promised he wouldn’t try to influence regulatory cases involving Luxembourg: “I won't abuse my position in order to pressure commissioners to make different decisions regarding Luxembourg than they would regarding similar cases.”
Many observers are skeptical Luxembourg and its allies will give up the country’s flexible tax regime without a battle.
Jürgen Kentenich, chief tax fraud investigator in the German city of Trier, which lies near the border with Luxembourg, worries that big companies and their accountants will keep finding ways to take advantage of the deals offered by Luxembourg and other financial havens, while smaller companies and average taxpayers are left to make up the what’s lost in tax revenues.
“It’s always the same story,” he said in an interview with ICIJ’s partner, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Accounting firms are always coming up with fresh ways to cut tax bills “and lawmakers and tax authorities are always behind, always chasing.”
Margot Williams, Edouard Perrin, Emilia Díaz-Struck, Delphine Reuter, Frédéric Zalac, Harvey Cashore, Lars Bové, Kristof Clerix, Julia Stein, Titus Plattner, Mario Stäuble, Minna Knus-Galán, Matthew Caruana-Galizia, Rigoberto Carvajal, Christoph Lütgert and Neil Chenoweth contributed to this story.
More:

HEY  EVERYBODY S DOING IT!Leaked Docs Expose More Than 340 Companies' Tax Schemes In Luxembourg
ICIJ  | By                                                                Leslie Wayne, Kelly Carr, Marina Walker Guevara, Mar Cabra and Michael Hudson
Posted:
reddit
This article was reported by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, a Washington DC-based global network of 185 reporters in 65 countries who collaborate on transnational investigations.
Pepsi, IKEA, FedEx and 340 other international companies have secured secret deals from Luxembourg, allowing many of them to slash their global tax bills while maintaining little presence in the tiny Central European duchy, leaked documents show.
These companies appear to have channeled hundreds of billions of dollars through Luxembourg and saved billions of dollars in taxes, according to a review of nearly 28,000 pages of confidential documents conducted by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists and a team of more than 80 journalists from 26 countries.
Big companies can book big tax savings by creating complicated accounting and legal structures that move profits to low-tax Luxembourg from higher-tax countries where they’re headquartered or do lots of business. In some instances, the leaked records indicate, companies have enjoyed effective tax rates of less than 1 percent on the profits they’ve shuffled into Luxembourg.
The leaked documents reviewed by ICIJ journalists include hundreds of private tax rulings – sometimes known as “comfort letters” – that Luxembourg provides to corporations seeking favorable tax treatment.
The European Union and Luxembourg have been fighting for months over Luxembourg’s reluctance to turn over information about its tax rulings to the EU, which is investigating whether the country’s tax deals with Amazon and Fiat Finance violate European law. Luxembourg officials have supplied some information to the EU but have refused, EU officials say, to provide a larger set of documents relating to its tax rulings.
Today ICIJ and its media partners are releasing a large cache of Luxembourg tax rulings – 548 comfort letters issued from 2002 to 2010 – at www.icij.org and reporting on their contents in stories that will be published or broadcast in dozens of countries. It’s unclear whether any of these documents are among those still being sought by EU investigators, but they are the kinds of documents that go to the heart of the EU’s investigation into Luxembourg’s tax rulings.
The leaked documents reviewed by ICIJ involve deals negotiated by PricewaterhouseCoopers, one of the world’s largest accounting firms, on behalf of hundreds of corporate clients. To qualify the companies for tax relief, the records show, PwC tax advisers helped come up with financial strategies that feature loans among sister companies and other moves designed to shift profits from one part of a corporation to another to reduce or eliminate taxable income.
The records show, for example, that Memphis-based FedEx Corp. set up two Luxembourg affiliates to shuffle earnings from its Mexican, French and Brazilian operations to FedEx affiliates in Hong Kong. Profits moved from Mexico to Luxembourg largely as tax-free dividends. Luxembourg agreed to tax only one quarter of 1 percent of FedEx’s non-dividend income flowing through this arrangement – leaving the remaining 99.75 percent tax-free.
“A Luxembourg structure is a way of stripping income from whatever country it comes from,’’ said Stephen E. Shay, a professor of international taxation at Harvard Law School and a former tax official in the U.S. Treasury Department. The Grand Duchy, he said, “combines enormous flexibility to set up tax reduction schemes, along with binding tax rulings that are unique. It’s like a magical fairyland.”
FedEx declined comment on the specifics of its Luxembourg tax arrangements. Other companies seeking tax deals from Luxembourg come from private equity, real estate, banking, manufacturing, pharmaceuticals and other industries, the leaked files show. They include Accenture, Abbott Laboratories, American International Group (AIG), Amazon, Blackstone, Deutsche Bank, the Coach handbag empire, H.J. Heinz, JP Morgan Chase, Burberry, Procter & Gamble, the Carlyle Group and the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority.
For their part, Luxembourg’s officials and defenders say the landlocked nation’s system of private tax agreements is above reproach.
“No way are these sweetheart deals,” Nicolas Mackel, chief executive of Luxembourg for Finance, a quasi-governmental agency, said in an interview with ICIJ.
“The Luxembourg system of taxation is competitive – there is nothing unfair or unethical about it,” Mackel said. “If companies manage to reduce their tax bills to a very low rate, that’s a problem not of one tax system but of the interaction of many tax systems.”
Less than 1 percent
Disclosure of the leaked documents comes at a sensitive time for Luxembourg, a nation with a population of less than 550,000. Amid the EU probe of Luxembourg’s tax deals, former Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker is in his first week in office as president of the European Commission, one of the most powerful positions in the EU.
Juncker, Luxembourg’s top leader when many of the jurisdiction’s tax breaks were crafted, has promised to crack down on tax dodging in his new post, but he has also said he believes his own country’s tax regime is in “full accordance” with European law. Under Luxembourg’s system, tax advisers from PwC and other firms can present proposals for corporate structures and transactions designed to create tax savings and then get written assurance that their plan will be viewed favorably by the duchy’s Ministry of Finance.
“It’s like taking your tax plan to the government and getting it blessed ahead of time,” Richard D. Pomp, a tax law professor at the University of Connecticut School of Law, said. “And most are blessed. Luxembourg has a very user-friendly tax department.”
The private deals are legal in Luxembourg but may be subject to legal challenge outside the country if tax officials in other nations view them as improper.
Luxembourg’s Ministry of Finance said in a statement that “advance tax decisions” are “well established in many EU member states, such as Germany, France, the Netherlands, the U.K., and Luxembourg” and that they don’t conflict with European law as long as “all taxpayers in a similar situation are treated equally.”
PwC said ICIJ’s reporting is based on “outdated” and “stolen” information, “the theft of which is in the hands of the relevant authorities.” It said its tax advice and assistance are “given in accordance with applicable local, European and international tax laws and agreements and is guided by a PwC Global Tax Code of Conduct.”
In its statement PwC said media do not have “a complete understanding of the structures involved.” While the company can’t comment on specific client matters, it rejects “any suggestion that there is anything improper about the firm’s work.”
ICIJ and its media partners used corporate balance sheets, regulatory filings and court records to put the leaked tax rulings in context. News organizations that have worked together on the six-month investigation include The Guardian, Süddeutsche Zeitung and NDR/WDR in Germany, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, Le Monde, Japan’s Asahi Shimbun, CNBC, Denmark’s Politiken, Brazil’s Folha de S. Paulo and others.
U.S. and U.K. companies appeared more frequently in the leaked files than companies from any other country, followed by firms from Germany, Netherlands and Switzerland. Most of the rulings in the stash of documents were approved between 2008 and 2010. Some of them were first reported on in 2012 by Edouard Perrin for France 2 public television and by the BBC, but most of the PwC documents have never before been analyzed by reporters.
The files do not include tax deals sought from Luxembourg authorities through other accounting firms. And many of the documents do not include explicit figures for how much money the companies expected to shift through Luxembourg.
Experts who’ve reviewed the files for ICIJ say the documents do make it clear, though, that the companies and their advisors at PwC engaged in aggressive tax-reduction strategies, using Luxembourg in combination with other tax havens such as Gibraltar, Delaware and Ireland.
The documents show that:
The Pepsi Bottling Group Inc., a New York-based unit of PepsiCo, used subsidiaries in Luxembourg to arrange a series of loans among sister companies that allowed the bottler to reduce its tax rate on its $1.4 billion purchase of a controlling interest in JSC Lebedyansky, Russia’s largest juice maker. At least $750 million of the money involved in the Russian deal traveled through a Luxembourg subsidiary named Tanglewood, before landing in a Pepsi subsidiary in Bermuda. Luxembourg acted as a tax-reducing conduit as the profits moved from Russia to Bermuda.
New York-based Coach Inc. set up two Luxembourg entities to move €250 million in Hong Kong earnings in 2011, an amount it expected to approach €1 billion by 2013. One Luxembourg entity acted as an internal corporate bank, allowing much of the luxury goods maker’s Asian operating earnings to glide through a series of foreign entities in the form of interest payments on money the company loaned itself. Filings in Luxembourg showed that in 2012, the company paid €250,000 in taxes on €36.7 million in earnings channeled into Luxembourg – a rate of well under 1 percent.
IKEA has used Luxembourg as part of a tax-savings strategy almost as complicated as the retail chain’s ready-to-assemble furniture. IKEA operates through two independent groups of companies: IKEA Group, which controls most of the 364 iconic IKEA big-box stores and Inter IKEA Group, which oversees franchise operations. Inter IKEA’s structure includes a Luxembourg holding company, a Luxembourg finance company, a Liechtenstein foundation and a Swiss finance arm. Leaked documents show IKEA’s Luxembourg operations opened the Swiss subsidiary in 2009 to outsource part of their financing operations to yet another low-tax jurisdiction, allowing the company to save taxes both in Luxembourg and in Switzerland.
Belgium’s richest family, the billionaire de Spoelberch dynasty, obtained a private tax ruling from Luxembourg in 2008. The de Spoelberch clan, part of the country’s old nobility and close to the royal family, holds a big stake in ABInbev, the world’s biggest brewer whose labels include Budweiser, Stella Artois, Corona and Beck’s. The records indicate the de Spoelberch’s routed €2 billion through Ireland and then Luxembourg, reducing taxes with each step. The only sign of Luxembourg companies controlled by the family appears to be a small letter box at an address that lists nearly 190 other companies.
Even the Canadian government got a private Luxembourg tax ruling. In 2008, the Public Sector Pension Investment Board, which manages pensions for all Canadian federal employees, including the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, bought real estate in Berlin. The pension board set up Luxembourg companies that helped it sidestep German land transfer taxes. A complex internal loan structure allowed the board to pay minimal taxes in Luxembourg on income from the German properties. The investment board has a Luxembourg office – a place where desks can be rented by the month and where two employees watch over600 million in European investments.
The Canadian pension board and Inter IKEA both said their tax planning complies with all laws and regulations.  The Canadian fund argues that because it has tax-exempt status in Canada, it ultimately gained “no tax advantage” by routing investments through Luxembourg. Inter IKEA said its total effective corporate income tax rate is currently around 14 percent.
Pepsi, Coach and an accountant for the de Spoelberch family’s Luxembourg holdings declined to comment on the specifics of their tax arrangements.
“This is the first time really that we’ve seen inside the workings of Luxembourg as a tax haven,” said Richard Brooks, a former U.K. tax inspector and author of the book The Great Tax Robbery, who was hired by ICIJ to help review some of the leaked documents. “The countries . . . that are losing money, they don't know about it, don’t know how it operates at all.”
Gilded Age
Last month, in the Gilded Age splendor of New York’s private Metropolitan Club, Pierre Gramegna, Luxembourg’s minister of finance, tried to woo the Wall Street crowd with some premier cru wine and a little levity. He told assembled financiers that he wanted to dispel the myth that his tiny country is nothing more than a tax haven:  “Luxembourg is not an offshore place. I say it loud and clear.”
What he got back was hearty round of laughter.
In the wake of the EU’s probe of its tax practices, Luxembourg officials continue to bristle at their nation’s tax haven label. The country, a founding member of the EU, boasts of being a multi-lingual nation in the heart of Europe with a business-friendly and stable government. Once primarily a steel-maker and manufacturer, Luxembourg has transitioned into a financial center rivaling London, New York or Hong Kong. With $3.7 trillion in assets under management by banks and other institutions, Luxembourg is second only to the U.S. as a global investment center.
More than 170 of the Fortune 500 companies have a Luxembourg branch, according to Citizens for Tax Justice, a nonprofit research and advocacy group. A total of $95 billion in profits from American corporations’ overseas operations flowed through Luxembourg in 2012, the most current statistics from the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis show. On those profits, corporations paid $1.04 billion in taxes to Luxembourg – just 1.1 percent.
Other tax havens, Ireland for example, openly advertise rock-bottom corporate tax rates of 12.5 percent. Luxembourg instead maintains a statutory tax rate of 29 percent, but the leaked files show that the duchy has routinely approved tax rulings that whittle down what counts as taxable income to practically nothing. This can drop Luxembourg’s effective tax rate deep into single digits.
Less than 30 percent of the tax deals in the leaked documents include a specific figure for the amount of money that companies said they planned to “invest” through the Luxembourg agreements. The total for those deals was roughly $215 billion between 2002 and 2010. The figure would likely grow to several hundred billion dollars if projected investments in other deals in the leaked PwC documents were included. And the overall figure for money shuffled through Luxembourg as the result of confidential tax agreements would grow even larger if tax deals arranged through other accounting firms were included.
PwC’s letters seeking special tax rulings were usually 20 to 100 pages long. They detail various financial strategies and then specify the tax treatment the accountants expect to get for their clients – suggesting, for example, that dividends be treated as tax-free interest.
The leaked tax rulings indicate that negotiations were conducted in private meetings between PwC accountants and Luxembourg tax officials. PwC’s written proposals were often approved the same day they were submitted.
The deals can be so complex that PwC accountants frequently include “before” and “after” diagrams to illustrate how money flows from subsidiary to subsidiary and across different countries and tax havens. The leaked records show that Luxembourg’s 2009 tax deal for Illinois-based Abbott Laboratories – which makes arthritis drugs and Ensure meal replacement shakes – features 79 steps including companies in Cyprus and Gibraltar. Abbott projected it would invest as much as $50 billion via Luxembourg.
A spokesperson for Abbott declined comment.
In a 2009 presentation, PwC highlights Luxembourg as a place with “flexible and welcoming authorities” who are “easily contactable” and offer a “readiness for dialogue and quick decision-making process.”
Most of the leaked tax rulings were approved and signed by the same tax official, Marius Kohl, now retired. Sometimes known in tax circles as “Monsieur Ruling,” Kohl was described by one Belgian newspaper as “the guardian of the only door through which companies can enter the fiscal paradise of Luxembourg.” During his time as head of a Luxembourg agency called Sociétés 6, Kohl oversaw the approval of thousands of tax agreements, personally signing as many as 39 in the course of a single day. The Wall Street Journal has reported that since Kohl retired in 2013, it can take up to six months for a tax ruling to be approved.
A woman who answered the phone at Kohl’s home told an ICIJ reporter that he wasn’t interested in talking. In a recent interview with The Wall Street Journal, Kohl said: “The work I did definitely benefited the country, though maybe not in terms of reputation.”
When a Journal reporter asked whether the prices that companies’ Luxembourg affiliates charged sister companies outside the country for the use of intellectual property and other services were accurate, Kohl licked his thumb and held it in the air.
“There was no way to verify it,” he said.
Financial Power
Luxembourg’s economy benefits from a growing cadre of lawyers, accountants, and financiers who are hired to appear before the tax authorities. PwC, for example, said in 2013 that it had more than 2,300 employees in Luxembourg and that it expected to add another 600 in 2014.
Sprawling office parks of high-rise towers, not unlike those outside of Dallas or in northern Virginia, bustle with energy. Construction cranes dot the skyline. The International Monetary Fund reports that Luxembourg has the planet’s highest economic output per capita – $112,473 per person in 2013, more than double the United States ($53,001), France ($44,099) and the United Kingdom ($39,372).
“Luxembourg is not what people think it is when you think of a tax haven,’’ Mackel, CEO of Luxembourg for Finance, said. “We make steel and car components and have a logistics industry. Our financial center is diverse with first class funds, insurance, corporate finance and Europe’s leading stock exchange. Luxembourg is about much more than this one issue they try to make of it.’’
Still, Luxembourg has many ways to cut tax bills not always seen elsewhere. For example, some 80 percent of royalties on earnings from intellectual property – software copyrights, patents and trademarks, for instance – are exempt from taxes.
Corporations that have established toeholds in Luxembourg have made use of financial instruments that shift money around the map to play one country’s tax rules against another. This might be, for instance, a hybrid debt instrument that allows profits to move out of a high-tax EU country to a Luxembourg entity. The profits are treated as interest payments in Luxembourg, where they can be deducted from taxes. In the parent company's country, they can be treated as dividends and eligible for a tax exemption.
The EU recently banned the use of hybrid loans that exploit tax mismatches between country tax systems for companies headquartered in Europe. Luxembourg and other EU members have until the end of 2015 to enact the ban into law within their own borders.
As in many tax havens, a Luxembourg office can be just a mailbox. Office buildings throughout the city are filled with brand-name corporate nameplates and little else. Some have offices and no visible employees. One building at 5 Rue Guillaume Kroll is home to more than 1,600 companies; another at 2 Avenue Charles de Gaulle houses roughly 1,450; and a building at 46A Avenue J.F. Kennedy is home to at least 1,300, according to an ICIJ analysis of Luxembourg’s corporate registry.
These companies can represent big bucks. From the U.S. alone, direct investment into Luxembourg in 2013 was $416 billion, according to the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis. Of that, the vast majority, $343 billion, was in the form of holding companies, which are vehicles to hold securities and financial assets rather than to create local jobs. In fact, Luxembourg represents a tiny fraction of 1 percent – 0.13 percent in 2010 – of all overseas jobs with American companies, indicating it is a place that houses money more than it provides employment.
In 2011 Luxembourg passed new rules requiring that Luxembourg-based companies that serve as internal banks for larger corporate structures station a majority of their managers and board members in the Grand Duchy. It’s unclear how these rules are enforced and the Ministry of Finance did not respond to ICIJ’s questions about mailbox companies in Luxembourg.
EU probe
Luxembourg’s freewheeling ways are gaining it few friends in nearby Brussels, the EU’s headquarters.
The European Commission, the administrative arm of the EU, is investigating whether Luxembourg’s tax rulings for Amazon and Fiat Finance constitute illegal state aid, violating rules that bar EU members from offering deals to one company that are not available to all.
“In the current context of tight public budgets, it is particularly important that large multinationals pay their fair share of taxes,” Joaquín Almunia, the commission’s vice president for competition policy until last week, said earlier this year in announcing EU probes into tax practices in Ireland, The Netherlands and Luxembourg.
Reuters reported in 2012 that Amazon’s Luxembourg arrangements allowed it to have an average tax rate of 5.3 percent on overseas income from 2007 to 2011. Amazon company filings show that in 2013 the on-line merchant reported revenues of $20 billion from its European operations, which are channeled primarily through Luxembourg.
The commission’s Amazon probe focuses on one of the online retailer’s key companies in Luxembourg, Amazon EU S.à.r.l., which handles services to Amazon’s European customers.
The commission argues that a generous 2003 tax ruling by Luxembourg authorities allows Amazon EU S.à.r.l. to funnel millions of euros in tax-deductible royalties each year to yet another Amazon company in Luxembourg, a limited partnership that is tax exempted. This tax break and others like it allow Amazon to pay little in taxes in the Grand Duchy on its European sales.
The leaked PwC documents show that in 2009 Amazon EU S.à.r.l. reported more than €519 million in royalty expenses while the limited partnership Amazon Europe Holding Technologies SCS had an influx of the same amount “based on agreements with affiliated companies.” Thanks to the royalty expenses and other deductions, Amazon EU S.à.r.l. posted a taxable profit of just €14.8 million and paid €4.1 million in taxes in Luxembourg.
Amazon did not respond to ICIJ’s requests for comment.
As EU authorities are pushing their corporate tax probes, a leading multinational group, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, has proposed a new set of rules that would bar companies from using many common practices to shift profits into tax havens. Approval of the OECD’s proposals, however, is uncertain and years away.
Gramegna, Luxembourg’s finance minister, said in an interview with ICIJ in New York that “the European Commission is entitled, by treaty, to look after fair competition and at state aid. They decided to look into Amazon. We are telling the European Commission that everything we’ve done has been within the general principles of the European Union and the OECD.”
Adding a political twist to the Brussels probes is Juncker’s rise to the presidency of the European Commission. As Luxembourg’s prime minister, he signed into law the provision that allows companies to write off 80 percent of royalty income from intellectual property.
In a speech in July in Brussels, Juncker promised to “fight tax evasion and tax dumping. … We will try to put some morality, some ethics, into the European tax landscape.” But he also recently told German television : “No one has ever been able to make a convincing and thorough case to me that Luxembourg is a tax haven. Luxembourg employs tax rules that are in full accordance with European law.”
At a press conference two weeks ago, Juncker promised he wouldn’t try to influence regulatory cases involving Luxembourg: “I won't abuse my position in order to pressure commissioners to make different decisions regarding Luxembourg than they would regarding similar cases.”
Many observers are skeptical Luxembourg and its allies will give up the country’s flexible tax regime without a battle.
Jürgen Kentenich, chief tax fraud investigator in the German city of Trier, which lies near the border with Luxembourg, worries that big companies and their accountants will keep finding ways to take advantage of the deals offered by Luxembourg and other financial havens, while smaller companies and average taxpayers are left to make up the what’s lost in tax revenues.
“It’s always the same story,” he said in an interview with ICIJ’s partner, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Accounting firms are always coming up with fresh ways to cut tax bills “and lawmakers and tax authorities are always behind, always chasing.”
Margot Williams, Edouard Perrin, Emilia Díaz-Struck, Delphine Reuter, Frédéric Zalac, Harvey Cashore, Lars Bové, Kristof Clerix, Julia Stein, Titus Plattner, Mario Stäuble, Minna Knus-Galán, Matthew Caruana-Galizia, Rigoberto Carvajal, Christoph Lütgert and Neil Chenoweth contributed to this story.
More:

Clarins retools counter at Macy s State StreetClarins retools counter at Macy's State Street
Clarins "cocoon chair"
HANDOUT
Clarins plans to unveil its new beauty counter at Macy's on State Street, which will be the only location to feature the brand's private "cocoon chair."
Clarins plans to unveil its new beauty counter at Macy's on State Street, which will be the only location to feature the brand's private "cocoon chair." (HANDOUT)
By Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz , Chicago Tribune contact the reporter
A comfy cocoon beckons at Macy's Clarins counter
Clarins on Friday plans to unveil its new beauty counter at Macy's on State Street, which will be the only location in the country to feature the French skin care brand's private "cocoon chair."
0
Clarins' new counter features "clean, comforting architecture" and three oversized LED screens that will display information about new launches and the plant-based science that has been the 60-year-old company's calling card.
It also will showcase the cocoon chair, available in some locations in Asia but not elsewhere in the U.S., where customers can get a complimentary skin consultation and personalized treatment with a modicum of privacy, as the sides of the chair wrap around. Clarins has private "retreat rooms" for skin consultations at its counters in other Chicago department stores, but not in Macy's State Street.
Clarins Chairman Christian Courtin-Clarins, during a rare visit to Chicago last month to emphasize the brand's commitment to the market, said more education, better seating and more sampling — common at makeup counters but less so in skin care — are among the strategies Clarins is employing to cement its relationship with customers. It has increased spending on education for its beauty advisers by 61 percent in the past year.
"One of our competitors is the Internet," Courtin-Clarins said. "We will survive with an extremely customer-oriented store."

District court strikes down endangered species protections for exceeding the scope of federal powerBy Jonathan H. Adler November 5
This afternoon a district court in Utah held that the federal prohibition against “taking” Utah prairie dogs — listed as “threatened” under the Endangered Species Act — exceeds the scope of federal power under the Commerce and Necessary and Proper clauses. Here is how Judge Dee Benson summarized his conclusion in People for the Ethical Treatment of Property Owners v. U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service :
Although the Commerce Clause authorizes Congress to do many things, it does not authorize Congress to regulate takes of a purely intrastate species that has no substantial effect on interstate commerce. Congress similarly lacks authority through the Necessary and Proper Clause because the regulation of takes of Utah prairie dogs is not essential or necessary to the ESA’s economic scheme.
This decision is significant if for no other reason that it is the first time that a federal court has held that the regulation of private land use [under the ESA] exceeds the scope of Congress’s enumerated powers.  Judge Benson is not the first judge to have reached this conclusion, however, as the question has split several Circuit courts. Commerce Clause challenges to ESA regulation have produced divided panels on the Fourth, Fifth and D.C. Circuits.  Moreover, although these circuits all reached the same conclusion, they adopted conflicting rationales, a point noted by then-judge John Roberts in his first opinion on the D.C. Circuit .  For those interested, I discussed these cases and their conflicting rationales in this article in the Iowa Law Review (pp. 406-417).
At issue in PETPO v FWS, as in the prior Commerce Clause challenges to the ESA, is whether regulations limiting the taking of a listed species is a proper exercise of the federal commerce power.  This turns on whether the taking of such species can be said to “substantially affect” interstate commerce.  The federal government notes that many activities regulated by this prohibition are economic in nature.  Yet the prohibition is not limited to economic or commercial activity. The landowner who wishes to modify Utah prairie dog habitat to plant a garden is regulated just the same as a real estate developer.  Moreover, the prohibition applies whether or not the species in question has any economic value.  As a consequence (and as I discuss in the article linked above) it is not at all clear that the take prohibition can be sustained under the relatively formalist analysis adopted by the Supreme Court in cases like Lopez and Morrison (and now NFIB).  Thus, PETPO argued, the federal government lacks the authority to regulate the taking of an intrastate, non-economically valuable species like the Utah prairie dog.  Judge Benson agreed.
Here are some more excerpts from Judge Benson’s opinion:
The court agrees with PETPO’s claim that the rule is non-economic because “the Service is regulating every activity, regardless of its nature, if it causes harm to a Utah prairie dog.” (PETPO’s Mot. for Summ. J. at 24.) Additionally, it is undisputed that the rule in question does not contain any jurisdictional element that would limit its reach to takes that have an explicit connection to interstate commerce. (FWS’ Mot. for Summ. J. at 12.) It is also undisputed that there are no express congressional findings regarding the effects upon interstate commerce of taking a Utah prairie dog. Id. Finally, as will be demonstrated below, all of Defendants’ arguments purporting to establish a link between Utah prairie dog takes and a substantial effect on interstate commerce are attenuated.
Defendants’ argument that the rule has a substantial effect on interstate commerce because it has frustrated several proposed agricultural and commercial activities misses the mark. The proper focus of the “substantial effect” test is the “regulated activity.” See Gonzales v. Raich, 545 U.S. 1, 23 (2005). Illustratively, the Supreme Court ruled that Congress could regulate the purely local growth and consumption of wheat or marijuana because those activities altered the national market for those commodities. Raich, 545 U.S. 1; Wickard v. Filburn, 317 U.S. 111 (1942). However, the Court ruled that Congress could not regulate the possession of a gun in a known school zone, even though the regulation of that activity affected commerce in a variety of ways (e.g. people could not sell guns in a school zone). Lopez 514 U.S. 549 (1995); see also Morrison 529 U.S. 598 (2000). In other words, the question in the present case is whether take of the Utah prairie dog has a substantial effect on interstate commerce, not whether the regulation preventing the take has such an effect. Consequently, the fact that PETPO members or other persons are prohibited from engaging in commercial activities as a result of special rule 4(d) is irrelevant to the Commerce Clause analysis.
Furthermore, Defendants’ argument concerning the biological value of the Utah prairie dog is insufficient to demonstrate that take of the prairie dog has a substantial effect on interstate commerce. The Court acknowledges that the Utah prairie dog may have an effect on the ecosystem. Nevertheless, as aptly observed by Chief Judge Sentelle, “[T]he Commerce Clause empowers Congress ‘to regulate commerce’ not ecosystems.’” National Ass’n of Home Builders v. Babbitt, 327 U.S. App. D.C. 248, 272 (D.C. Cir. 1997) (Sentelle, J., dissenting). If Congress could use the Commerce Clause to regulate anything that might affect the ecosystem (to say nothing about its effect on commerce), there would be no logical stopping point to congressional power under the Commerce Clause. Accordingly, the asserted biological value of the Utah prairie dog is inconsequential in this case. . . .
Defendants’ final argument, that the Necessary and Proper Clause authorizes special rule 4(d) because the rule is essential to the economic scheme created by the ESA, also fails upon close examination. This argument is based on the Supreme Court’s ruling in Raich that a regulation may be upheld when it is an “essential part of a larger regulation of economic activity, in which the regulatory scheme could be undercut unless the intrastate activity were regulated.” 545 U.S. at 24-25.
Although the ESA itself regulates some economic activity, the rule in question is not necessary to the statute’s economic scheme. Defendants emphasize that the Supreme Court cited the federal regulation of the take of bald and golden eagles as an example of congressional power that is clearly authorized by the Commerce Clause. (FWS’ Mot. for Summ. J. at 21 (citing Raich, 545 U.S. at 26 n.36).) The Court’s bald eagle example is not surprising because it is consistent with the Court’s ruling in Raich. 545 U.S. 1. . . .
The present case, on the other hand, differs significantly from Raich in one important way that makes any appeal to the Necessary and Proper Clause futile: takes of Utah prairie dogs on non-federal land–even to the point of extinction–would not substantially affect the national market for any commodity regulated by the ESA. The only evidence that suggests that the prairie dog’s extinction would substantially affect such a national market is Defendants’ assertion that golden eagles, hawks, and bobcats are “known to prey on prairie dogs.” (FWS’ Mot. for Summ. J. at 29.) However, Defendants do not claim that the Utah prairie dog is a major food source for those animals, and those animals are known to prey on many other rodents, birds, and fish. In other words, there is no evidence that the diminution of the Utah prairie dog on private lands in Utah would significantly alter the supply or quality of animals for which a national market exists. Therefore, congressional protection of the Utah prairie dog is not necessary to the ESA’s economic scheme.
The folks at the Pacific Legal Foundation, who litigated the case, have more on today’s decision here .
[Post updated as indicated above.]
 
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

Activists express concern over Forest Rights Act dilutionsNEW DELHI, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 10:53 IST
Activists express concern over Forest Rights Act dilutions
Meena Menon
The Hindu One of the community forests developed and maintained by the tribals in Gasaba reserve forest of Araku forest range in Dumbriguda mandal of Visakhapatnam district. The tribals are seeking community pattas under Forest Rights Act. Photo: K.R. Deepak
TOPICS
environmental issues
Over 40 groups wrote to the Prime Minister and the Union Minister of State for Environment, on Tuesday, expressing concern over “consistent efforts of the Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change (MoEFCC) to bring out resolutions and executive orders in violation of the Scheduled Tribes and other Traditional Forest Dwellers (Recognition of Forest Rights) Act 2006 (or the Forest Rights Act (FRA))”.
In separate letters to the Prime Minister and the Environment Minister, activists, academics and members from organisations working on environment, human rights, Adivasi rights, forest worker rights, and women’s rights objected to latest order issued by the Environment Ministry on October 28, 2014 which takes away rights of other traditional forest dwellers.
The letter says the Ministry of Tribal Affairs (MoTA) is the nodal agency for the implementation of the FRA and has the mandate to issue any clarifications regarding the Act. The Tribal Affairs Ministry had clarified in October on guidelines for diversion of forest lands for non-forest purposes, “that no agency of the government has been vested with powers to exempt application of the act (meaning FRA) in portion or in full. It is further advised that any action or process in consistent with due process laid under the Act would not be legally tenable and is likely to be struck down by the courts of law.”
The letter said in keeping with the commitment towards inclusive and sustainable development and pro-people good governance, the NDA government will uphold the spirit and letter of the FRA.
The FRA provides the opportunities for inclusive governance by giving the forest dwelling communities their democratic right to own, access and take decisions regarding their forest lands and resources, the letter pointed out. All the orders, resolutions and letters (including the one referred above) by the MoEFCC which dilute, violate, provide exemptions or in other ways weaken the FRA need to be withdrawn with immediate effect, the letter demanded.
The Ministry’s order of October 28, 2014 violates the FRA in its interpretation of the Act which is meant to undo the historical injustice suffered by forest dwelling tribal and non tribal communities.

In pics: Sachin Tendukar s book launchLATEST PHOTOS
Sachin sparkles again
Sachin Tendulkar's book launch was as momentous and well-attended an affair as anything else that the maestsro has been involved with. Here are pics from the august gathering of stars and fans who, in the case of SRT, are often interchangeable.
Prev Next
Retired cricket great Sachin Tendulkar speaks after launching his autobiography,"Playing It My Way," in Mumbai, India, Wednesday, Nov.5, 2014.(AP Photo/Rafiq Maqbool)
Retired cricket great Sachin Tendulkar speaks after launching his autobiography,"Playing It My Way," in Mumbai, India, Wednesday, Nov.5, 2014.(AP Photo/Rafiq Maqbool)
No live matches are in progress.
vs.
Sri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
11 hours ago
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]
India vs Cricket Australia
Thu 4 Dec, 2014 10:44 AM IST
Action images from India's two-day tour game versus Cricket Australia played on December 4 and 5, 2015 at Adelaide. More » India vs Cricket Australia
Tears and tributes flow for Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 1:38 PM IST
Selected quotes from eulogies and tributes to Phillip Hughes on Wednesday as Australia bid farewell to the cricketer at his funeral in his hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
3rd Test: Pakistan vs New Zealand
Sun 30 Nov, 2014 6:08 PM IST
Phil Hughes: Tributes
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 11:59 AM IST
The tragic death of batsman Phil Hughes from a freakish on-field accident brought the entire cricket community together in an immense outpouring of grief. A look at some of the tributes to the deceased.
Sri Lanka vs England, 2nd ODI
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 12:33 PM IST
India train at Adelaide Oval
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 8:53 AM IST
As the cricket universe struggled for composure in the aftermath of Phil Hughes shocking passing away, the Indians moved to the Adelaide Oval, the venue of their cancelled tour game, for a practice session on November 29, 2014. More » India train at Adelaide Oval
Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 4th ODI
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 5:07 PM IST
Remembering Phil Hughes
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 4:19 PM IST
The young Australian batsman would have turned 26 on November 30, 2014. Alas, a freak incident on the field of play on November 25 cut short his life. Here's a look at some pictures from the talented and zestful southpaw's life and times.
Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 11:38 AM IST
Australia cricketer Phillip Hughes passed away on November 27, 2014 in Sydney following a head injury he had incurred in a Sheffield Shield match on November 25. During this game … More » Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Today on Yahoo

Dhanbad men detained for wearing ISIS shirts during Muharram processionDhanbad men detained for wearing ISIS shirts during Muharram procession
Sharad Chandra , Hindustan Times   Dhanbad/Ranchi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 20:44 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 14:07 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Dhanbad Police detained two cousins for questioning on Wednesday after they were seen wearing T-shirts printed with the words 'ISIS Pakistan' and allegedly promoting the violent militant group during a Muharram procession.
Shakir Rashid, 20, and Mohammad Javed Rashid, 22, were seen in the procession on Tuesday, but trouble began for them a day later when a local daily published Sadiq's photograph in the ISIS T-shirt.
 
Taking cognisance of the picture, police picked up the two from Indra Nagar colony.
 
Dhanbad police superintendent Hemant Toppo said, "Prima facie, we have not found any terror links (to) the three youths. The boys have revealed that they were portraying as terrorists during the street play organised on account of Muharram."
Shakir Rashid, 20, and Mohammad Javed Rashid, 22, were seen in the procession on Tuesday. (HT photo)
But other police sources said the brothers had admitted to being inspired by the terror group and that they wanted to join the organisation but couldn't do so because they didn’t know who to contact.
 
Working on a tip-off from them, the police also picked up one Sanjay Saw, 24, the owner of a printing firm for embossing “ISIS Pakistan” on the duo's T-Shirts. 
 
Vishnu Rajak, officer in-charge of the Jharia police station, said the interrogation was still on.
 
"We are verifying their antecedents and trying to find out (the) names of people who are behind these youths and supporting them into the illegal act," he said.
 
Jharkhand, has of late, been in news for being home to several sleeper cells of banned terrorist outfits, the SIMI and Indian Mujahideen. Last year’s serial blasts at Patna Gandhi Maidan during a rally by Narendra Modi was planned and executed by Jharkhand- based militant sleeper cells. All the accused in the blasts have been arrested.
 
"This is something very serious," said Jharkhand Minority Commission chairman Shahid Akhtar.
 
"Police should go deeper and expose those who are trying to instigate the vulnerable youth into such acts," he said, suggesting stringent punishments against those found guilty.
 
The youths’ family members could not be contacted.
 
"We are in constant touch with Dhanbad police. Our team will step in once they are done with their preliminary probe," additional director general of Jharkhand CID, S N Pradhan said.

Lenovo Yoga 2: Tablet with a kickstandFlight disruptions could dent SpiceJet’s brand image
Afraid that your pricey little tablet is going to break or is too big to handle for all tasks? Well, your prayers were heard by Lenovo and as an answer they brought out the Yoga 2. With a sleek kickstand, that changes the ball game in the segment altogether, Yoga 2 offers four modes of operation—Hold, Stand, Tilt or Hang. The four mode option aids the Yoga 2 to adapt to any need of the user.
Design: Yoga 2 has a cylindrical design with a sleek finish that makes it unique and is a departure from other tablet designs. The company has been promoting the Yoga tablet’s cylindrical design as being more user-friendly when compared to other conventional tablets. The cylindrical shape at the bottom gives the tablet a good grip and helps the user to use it more easily that other tablets.
However, the tablet does feel a tad heavy at the bottom when used for a long time. Coming to build, the Yoga 2 uses aluminium and plastic at different places. The battery is larger and forms the part of the cylinder. There is a metallic power button at the side of the cylindrical base and a 3.5mm sound jack at the other end. The volume control panel is just above the power button on the side of the tablet. The SIM slot and the MicroSD slot is at the back panel safely covered by the kickstand.
Display, sound: When it comes to display, the Yoga 2 stands out proudly from its family line. Sporting a resolution of 1920 x 1200 with a pixel density of 283 ppi combined with a Full HD display, it provides brighter pictures and richer colour display. There was a lot of complains with the new A8 about its display but the Yoga 2 puts them all to rest. Sound is another feature which Lenovo has put emphasis on. Like all the recent Lenovo tablets, this one too comes with Dolby surround sound. Users can enjoy movies, music and also customise their own Dolby effect
using an app that comes pre-installed.
Addition to the Dolby is the Wolfson Master Hi-Fi noise reduction tech that enhances the sound quality and output. Unlike the previous tablets, the Yoga 2 has front facing dual speakers that are a tad louder than the older ones and also help in getting the surround effect.
Camera: Tablets are not expected to have powerful cameras and neither are these cameras expected to take good pictures but the cameras of Yoga 2 show that Lenovo is trying to reach perfection in this category. The 8-megapixel back camera and the 1.3 megapixel front camera clicks decent pictures in good light. Selfies are not that perfect compared to other smartphones but are better when compared to other tablets.
Hardware, performance and storage: The Yoga 2 is faster than most tablets. With an Intel quad-core Atom processor that dials at 1.86GHz and Intel HD Graphics, the tablet will satiate your hunger for play and work. The 2GB (64 bit) RAM also infuses some nitrous into the performance. However, there are other faster options available in the market. Be it the latest Asphalt or heavy games from Nautilus, the Yoga 2 simply offers an unparalled experience. With a frame per second speed of nearly 60, the tablet is as good as any high-end graphics module available in the market.  The Yoga 2 has no space deficiency. It comes with a 16GB inbuilt memory and another 64GB can be added via the MicroSD option. The Yoga 2 is a causal gamer’s dream.
Operating system and menus: The tablet comes with the standard Android 4.4.2 in the box upgradeable to 4.4.4. But it is in the menus that Yoga 2 seems to have goofed-up just a little. There are no clear menus or app buttons. Instead of the menus being at the top, all the menus are at the bottom which is unconventional and will need a little getting used to.
Battery, connectivity and other components: This is Yoga 2’s strong suite. With a 6400 mAH battery, it gives at least a battery backup of 18 hours without Wi-Fi usage. Also, the tab comes with 4G lite connectivity along with regular data connection, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. In the box—The tab comes with an adapter and a microUSB but has no earphones or headphones.
Estimated street price: Rs 22,499
TAGS: Lenovo Lenovo Yoga 2 Lenovo Yoga 2 Tablet Yoga 2 Tab Yoga Tablet
More from industry

Government should make available more spectrum: Sunil MittalNarendra Modi seeks to replace central planning with 'Team India'
Bharti group Chairman Sunil Mittal today said the telecom industry wants more spectrum and the government should make it available.
“We want from the government more spectrum. Every country has the same amount of spectrum and it is not that India has less… It needs to be vacated from other places, that is what other countries have also done,” Mittal said on the sidelines of the India Economic Summit here.
Telecom Regulatory Authority of India, on October 15, gave its recommendation on spectrum auction for premium 900 Mhz band and 1800 Mhz band that are presently being used for 2G GSM mobile services by Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications.
Government has proposed to put for auction about 184 Mhz of spectrum in 900 Mhz band which is held by these companies through their various licences expiring in 2015-16. The four telecom operators will have to buy spectrum afresh to continue their services.
“I would say government should make available enough spectrum so that there is a balance between spectrum pricing” he added.
On being asked if the spectrum auction — scheduled for February 3 — should be deferred, Mittal said: “Why should this be deferred. Industry wants more spectrum and the government should make it available to them.”
On Bharti Airtel calling off the Rs 700-crore deal to acquire business and assets of Mumbai-based Loop Mobile, he said much is being read into this.
“Loop mobile is a small issue and I don’t know why this is being made into such a big issue. Most of the Loop subscribers have ported to us. It was a small deal, which was basically an experiment for the first time to acquire customers.
“Its not about the merger but about the renewal of the agreement,” Mittal said.
Airtel, in a filing to BSE, had said its proposed transaction related to Loop was conditional upon DoT approvals which had not been received till date.
DoT is yet to give clearance to the proposed deal as it estimates that Loop Mobile and its sister concern Loop Telecom owe about Rs 808 crore in spectrum and other charges to the government.
Private sector lender Axis Bank has also told the DoT that Rs 215-crore loan to Loop Mobile will be at risk if the deal of the Mumbai-based operator to sell its assets to Bharti Airtel is not approved.
Airtel had signed the deal with Loop in February this year to buy business and assets of Loop Mobile in Mumbai under a strategic agreement for about Rs 700 crore.
Under the agreement, Loop Mobile’s 3 million subscribers (at that time) in Mumbai were supposed to join Airtel’s over 4 million subscribers, which would have made it the largest network in the metropolitan city.
TAGS: Bharti Group Sunil Mittal Telecom Industry
More from economy
Maritime surveillance goes hi-tech Indian Navy has set up a next-gen intelligence system to beef up its surveillance and patrolling duties

Cadila Healthcare Q2 Net up 52% at Rs 278 croreSteel baron Lakshmi Mittal drops down South Africa rich list
Cadila Healthcare today reported 51.65 per cent rise in its consolidated net profit at Rs 278.09 crore for the quarter ended September 30 on the back of robust sales.
The company had posted a net profit after taxes, minority interest and share in profit/(loss) of associates at Rs 183.37 crore for the corresponding period of the previous fiscal, Cadila Healthcare said in a filing to the BSE.
Consolidated total income of the company also rose to Rs 2,108 crore for the quarter under consideration as against Rs 1,746.79 crore for the same period a year-ago, it added.
Cadila Healthcare, part of the Zydus group, provides healthcare solutions ranging from formulations, active pharmaceutical ingredients and animal healthcare products to wellness products.
TAGS: Cadila Healthcare Cadila Healthcare Net Profit Cadila Healthcare Report
More from companies
Higher royalties, lower dividends Companies listed on the Indian bourses that pay hefty amounts of royalty to their parent entities, pay comparatively much lesser...

Fair Trade Regulator s Decision on Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy Deal This Month: ReportBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) is likely to finalse this month its decision on the $4-billion Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal - the first M&A (merger and acquisition) transaction to have gone through public scrutiny amid concerns of its adverse impact on fair competition in the market.
The big-ticket deal, which would create the country's largest pharmaceutical company, has come under close scrutiny of CCI after it was found prima-facie that the "combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition".
The competition watchdog, which is mandated to keeps a tab on unfair trade practices in the market place across sectors, is expected to take a final decision on the Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal this month, a senior official said.
The public scrutiny of the deal, which would create the fifth largest specialty generics company in the world, ended on September 24. Major issues being examined by  CCI on the deal are with respect to the molecules market.
The combined entity would have operations in 65 countries, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, and a significant platform of specialty and generic products marketed globally. The deal, announced in April this year, is also the first one where the commission sought public comments.
Announcing the public scrutiny process on September 4, CCI had said that the comments should be submitted to it within 15 working days. They were to be submitted along with supporting documents on the way the merger can adversely impact the person or the entity concerned.
The public consultation process was launched in order to determine whether the combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India.
"The Commission formed a prima facie opinion that the combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition and accordingly directed Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy (Parties) to publish details of the combination within ten working days for bringing the combination to the knowledge or information of the public and persons affected or likely to be affected by such combination," it had said.
Prior to that, the competition watchdog had asked the two pharma majors to make public specific details of their proposed merger.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 14:35 (IST)

Multan declaration a thing of the past  says DravidMore
Multan a closed chapter, say Dravid and Tendulkar
Rahul Dravid has said that his disagreement with Sachin Tendulkar over the famous Multan declaration against Pakistan in 1994 when Tendulkar was unbeaten on 194 was over by the end of the day's play.
By Amol Karhadkar | ESPNcricinfo –  Thu 6 Nov, 2014 7:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
The Golden Generation. Rahul Dravid has said that his disagreement with Sachin Tendulkar over the famous Multan declaration against Pakistan in 2004* when Tendulkar was unbeaten on 194 was over by the end of the day's play.
"The abiding memory for me in that particular Test match was me giving the ball to Sachin Tendulkar to bowl the last over of the day and he got Moin Khan out. We walked off as a team celebrating that wicket," Dravid said. "For me, that was what it was all about. India was on the verge of a historic Test win, winning a Test match in Pakistan for the first time. And Sachin began to forget all of that and focus like he has done so many times on what was the most important thing to do, to win Test matches for India. With the ball, and just to see that joyful glee… for us as a team, that for me as the captain was brilliant."
Dravid was speaking in Mumbai during the release of Tendulkar's autobiography, Playing it my way. The book release function also saw the Fab Four of Indian batting - Tendulkar, Dravid, Sourav Ganguly and VVS Laxman - on the same stage for the first time after their retirement. Tendulkar, who had expressed surprise over the declaration after the end of the day's play, added that Multan was a closed chapter between him and Dravid, then stand-in captain.
"There are so many disagreements we have in the dressing room, it just happens behind the closed doors and the whole world doesn't get to see that. This one happened on the field but that doesn't mean we are fighting and we are not talking to each other," Tendulkar said. "We closed that chapter immediately and we have had many match-winning partnerships after that and above all, Jam and I continue to be good friends so that is what really matters."
Ganguly, who formed a formidable opening pair with Tendulkar in ODIs, revealed how he had to make way for Tendulkar at the top of the order after Virender Sehwag 's emergence. "Well, it was him. It was he who had to open and I had to bat somewhere else. And I have done that. I had to bat at No 3, 4, 5. He would open and I would bat somewhere else," Ganguly said.
Ganguly laughed as he recalled an incident against Pakistan when he was struggling to score and had requested Tendulkar to take strike, something that he detested. "I remember I wasn't scoring runs taking strike, so I walked up to him, 'Sach, can you take strike?' I was struggling to score runs so just to change the luck, two or three games. He said, 'No, no, no. I have never done that. You do it.' So I said, fine, I will do it.
"I was the only captain who had to ask from my player, 'can I do this?' No, I am serious. And so one day when we walked out, I was pretty annoyed. Come on, for one day you can do it! But I didn't say anything. We walked up, we just walked past each other and I went up and stood at the non-striker's end. And then, just find your place wherever you want to play. And then, he took guard and went to play. I think he got some runs."
The book has detailed how Tendulkar felt the Indian dressing room was at its lowest during Greg Chappell's stint as the coach from June 2005 till the 2007 World Cup. According to Laxman, when he came into the Test side in 2006 "it was the toughest period for me as far as dressing room atmosphere was concerned".
Tendulkar has also mentioned in the book that the Indian team, which made a preliminary round exit from the World Cup, would have been better off without Chappell in the West Indies. "I have written that in my book," he said. "The only reason I felt - I agree with Laxman that the atmosphere could have been better. It wasn't a healthy atmosphere, the atmosphere has to be such in the dressing room that it brings out the best in you in the middle. And I felt that wasn't happening.
"The environment was very negative and it was a downfall from there on. I thought if we travelled without that, it would definitely change the atmosphere in the dressing room. And I also said that we senior players are willing to take the responsibility and we will manage the team."
It was a memorable evening with commentator Harsha Bhogle moderating four discussions. The function opened with four of Mumbai cricket stalwarts - Sunil Gavaskar, Dilip Vengsarkar, Ravi Shastri and Vasu Paranjape - recalling Tendulkar's early days.
It was followed by the discussion between Tendulkar, Dravid, Ganguly and Laxman. Then, Tendulkar, his wife Anjali and elder brother Ajit, who has been his mentor spoke about his life off the field before Tendulkar released the book and presented a copy to his coach Ramakant Achrekar. The evening ended with a one-on-one chat between Bhogle and Tendulkar.
*
November 6, 2014: 4.40am GMT The year of the Multan Test has been corrected
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

India s gas deficit to continue on unimpressive new policyNarendra Modi seeks to replace central planning with 'Team India'
India’s natural gas deficit and its reliance on imports will continue as the just-announced gas pricing policy by the Narendra Modi govt with its low rates and lack of roadmap to free pricing may not revitalise near stagnant exploration and production, a research report said today.
Existing gas discoveries in deepsea areas of Bay of Bengal are not viable at the new gas price of USD 5.61 per million British thermal unit, which is just 33 per cent higher than old rate of USD 4.2, it added.
“The new gas pricing policy is unlikely to revitalise Indian exploration and production (E&P),” Kuala Lumpur-based CIMB Group said in its report on India’s oil and gas scenario.
Besides raising price of gas from existing fields, the government had also on October 18 announced that a yet-to-be- determined premium will be paid for new discoveries in deepwater and difficult projects.
“The exclusion of existing deepwater fields from premium pricing may hamper the production prospects of some key Krishna Godavari basin blocks.
“The lack of a roadmap to free gas pricing, possibility of internal rate of return (IRR)-based application of pricing premium and Government of India’s differentiation between reasonable and windfall profits (perhaps erroneous) may fail to boost exploration,” it said.
Stating that existing deepwater gas discoveries, mostly in the KG basin, are not viable at the new gas price of USD 5.61, CIMB Group said, “the denial of premium pricing to the existing discovered fields may have rendered the development of these fields uncertain.”
In the past, the absence of commercially viable gas prices had not only discouraged high-risk new exploration activity but also hindered the development of some of the existing discoveries, such as the satellite fields in the Reliance Industries’ eastern offshore KG-D6 block.
“Building a 3 per cent natural decline rate to the existing production of 88 million standard cubic meters per day, we estimate that India’s total gas production, including the new gas discoveries, can reach about 154-155 mmscmd by 2020-21 – still unlikely to surpass the previous peak of 155 mmscmd achieved in March 2010,” CIMB said.
It said its “study indicates that India’s gas deficit is unlikely to improve over the next 5-6 years implying that reliance on (imported) liquefied natural gas (LNG) is unlikely to abate.”
In the nine New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) rounds since 1999, 131 discoveries have been reported in 41 blocks, 86 (2/3rd) of which are gas discoveries that will require higher gas prices and greater scale of operations to be viable, it said.
CIMB said 15 years since the launch of the NELP, under which 254 blocks or areas were awarded to firms like RIL and ONGC for exploring and producing oil and gas, just one block is materially producing and only 9 others have substantial production prospects. As many as 133 blocks have already been relinquished.
“While NELP started on a positive note with three big discoveries in the very first round, things have since dried up,” it said, adding that block data suggests India’s geology is at best moderate, if not poor.
“That said, India’s rather indifferent policy environment has compounded the geological problems and driven away both global and Indian private players.
“The lack of marketing freedom (especially for gas), excessive government oversight, bureaucratic delays and Government’s focus on its revenue maximisation at the cost of exploration maximisation are the key reasons behind the modest returns from NELP,” it said.
Besides low formulaic gas pricing (USD 5.6) and lack of roadmap to free pricing in the new policy, government’s failure to recognise high failure rates in E&P in assessing “reasonable profits” may fail to boost exploration, the report added.
TAGS: Gas Price Narendra Modi ONGC Reliance Industries
More from economy
Maritime surveillance goes hi-tech Indian Navy has set up a next-gen intelligence system to beef up its surveillance and patrolling duties

Yamaha organizes children safety program inGurgaonAround 282 students in total, aged between 5 and 12 years, became the witness of this social initiative by the company.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 5:57 pm
In it’s pledge of promoting road safety amongst young children, Yamaha conducted it’s social initiative ‘Yamaha Children Safety Program (YCSP)’ in Gurgaon. The programs were organized in two of the schools of the city, Elegant Children’s Academy at Shanti Kunj, Bhondsi and Government High School at Harsaru near Rajiv Chowk, Gurgaon.
Around 282 students in total, which aged between 5 and 12 years, became the witness of this social initiative by the company.
The programs were conducted under the ‘Safety First’ campaign by Yamaha, which intends to promote safety education and measures of road safety amongst the children.
The programs comprised of theory sessions with practical examples to teach crucial road safety measures to the children present. To increase the levels of interest in children, Yamaha’s brand mascot ‘Zippy’ was present too. The programs concluded with the mascot interacting and dancing with the children in a fun-filled session.
Speaking on the occasion, Roy Kurian, Vice President, Sales & Marketing, Yamaha Motor India Sales, said, “We believe it is imperative that the importance of road safety is instilled in the youth as they are the key drivers in bringing about any change.
We have begun the Yamaha Children Safety Program to involve young kids in an entertaining and interactive manner that can drive home key messages of safe riding. By doing so, we are not just creating awareness amongst children but also amongst the family and local communities. Also, when these youngsters grow up and are ready to buy a two-wheeler, they will remember what tips we offered them on safety while in school.”

Now Meghalaya rebels announce cash rewards for information onpolicePrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 6, 2014 5:55 pm
One day after Meghalaya Police shortlisted 10 “most-wanted’ militants – eight of them of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) – and announced cash reward of Rs 10 lakh for information about them, the GNLA has hit back, announcing rewards of Rs 15 lakh for information about movement of police personnel in the districts.
“The threat is real and we have taken this threat very seriously. The DGP in fact has immediately directed the SPs in the Garo Hills region to go all out against the militants and intensify operations,” Meghalaya IGP (Operations) GHP Raju told The Indian Express from Shillong on Thursday. Operation Hillstorm, launched by the police against the GNLA in July has been further intensified from yesterday, he added.
While the Meghalaya Police had announced rewards of Rs 10 lakh for information leading to arrest of 10 “most wanted” militants on Tuesday, the GNLA responded yesterday evening through a statement issuing threats to all police and civil administration officers in the five districts of the Garo Hills region. The outfit also announced cash rewards of Rs 15 lakh for providing information of the movement of senior police officers.
“The GNLA has been in a state of disarray following launch of Operation Hillstorm in July. We have busted many of their important hideouts, and killed and arrested several of their top leaders. Increased police presence has also prompted villagers to deny shelter to them,” IGP Raju said. While the GNLA had killed three policemen this year, the police have killed 45 militants this year, majority of them of the GNLA.
The threat, issued by GNLA ‘commander-in-chief’ Sohan D Shira also warned those trying to pass on information about the militants to the police and said those found doing so would meet the same fate as Jospin Sangma, the woman who was killed in Chokpot inSouth Garo Hills district in May this year.
The Meghalaya Police meanwhile has asked its personnel to take utmost care while chalking out their movements, while security has been beefed up in police stations, offices and residences of officers as well as of civil officers including district magistrates.
Formed by Pakchara R Sangma alias Champion Sangma, a DySP who deserted Meghalaya Police in 2009, the GNLA has been involved in killing, abduction, extortion, bomb blasts and attacks on security forces particularly in the Garo Hills region as also adjoining districts in Assam.

US Navy SEAL who shot OsamaunmaskedPrint
Ex-Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill has been unmasked as the man who pumped three shots to the head of al-Qaeda chief. (Source: AP photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: November 6, 2014 5:54 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 6:13 pm
A decorated ex-Navy SEAL Robert O’Neill has been unmasked as the man who pumped three shots to the head of elusive al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden during a top-secret 2011 raid on his hideout in Pakistan.
O’Neill, 38, is the SEAL Team Six member who fired the three shots to the head of the al-Qaeda leader during the raid, according to SOFREP, a website dedicated to military news.
He grew up in Montana mining town and is now facing possible legal action for giving out the tightly held secret.  He is expected to reveal himself during a two-part Fox News TV special next week.
O’Neill was one of 23 SEALS who flew into the Pakistani garrison city of Abbottabad on the night of May 2, but the last to see bin Laden alive.
It had previously been unclear precisely how the terrorist leader was killed and how many servicemen had been involved in his death.
O’Neill, who is married with children, was last year interviewed by Esquire magazine, which did not publish his name. He told how he joined the army at the age of 19 as a reaction to his then-girlfriend leaving him.
His exploits have already been portrayed on the big screen in the action flicks “Zero Dark Thirty”, “Captain Phillips” and “Lone Survivor.”
O’Neill served more than a dozen tours of duty in active combat, including Iraq and Afghanistan, undertaking 400 separate combat missions.
For his service he has been decorated 52 times, up to the level of senior chief petty officer before he left. He was awarded two Silver Stars — the military’s third highest honour — as well as four Bronze Stars.
It has been reported that his decision to speak out was prompted by losing some of his military benefits by quitting the SEALs after 16 years rather than completing a full 20 years of service.
Earlier, the elite US Navy SEALs were warned against betraying their promise to maintain secrecy and not speak to the media to gain “public notoriety and financial gain”.
The October 31 letter from Admiral Brian Losey specifies that the warning holds even after a mission is over, and it scolds those seeking public credit.
The admonition was seemingly directed both at Matt Bissonnette — who revealed his role in the 2011 bin Laden mission with “60 Minutes” — and at O’Neill at the centre of the upcoming Fox News documentary.

An Earful: Chinese Mogul Pays What for van Goghan earful: chinese mogul pays what for van gogh
Whole Foods  Qualcomm among biggest premarket moversWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

West Bengalseeks to woo investors through global summitWest Bengal seeks to woo investors through global summit
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Additional Chief Secretary Department of Commerce and Industries Government of West Bengal C. M. Bachhawat (seated) at the Interactive meeting on Ð Bengal Lead 2015 - Global Bengal Business Summit held in Hyderabad on Thursday. Others in the picture are Chief Executive Officer of National Fisheries Development Board Dr. M. V. Rao, Chairman Pennar Industries limited and Vice Chairman of CII Telangana J. V. Nrupender Rao, Principal Secretary S. A. Baba, Divisional Chief Executive ITC Paperboards Sanjay Singh and Executive Director WBIDC S. P. Yadav. - Photo: Mohammed Yousuf
Hyderabad, Nov. 6:  
The West Bengal Government is seeking to attract investments assuring better facilities, early clearances and ease of doing business.
At an interactive session hosted today by the West Bengal Government in partnership with the CII here, it sought to promote opportunities for investment across sectors such as urban infrastructure, housing, IT software and hardware, food processing, manufacturing, energy among other areas.
Senior officials from West Bengal interacted with the local industrialists and outlined various initiatives taken by West Bengal including a number of policies to facilitate industrialisation. They explained that a core committee was formed on industry comprising ministers, Government representatives and Chamber of Commerce. The Government is facilitating investments through single window to obtain the various clearances for industries, they said.
Seeking to showcase their flagship event Global Bengal Business Summit—Bengal Leads 2015, to be held during January 6-8 at Prakrithi Tirtha Eco Tourism Park New Town, it is seeking to attract global and domestic delegates and explore potential to set up units in West Bengal.
C.M.Bachawat, Additional Secretary, Industries and Commerce, West Bengal, S.P.Yadav, Executive Director, West Bengal Industries Development Corporation, Syed Ahmed Baba, Principal Secretary Fisheries, highlighted various areas where there is potential to take up projects, including those under public private partnership initiative.
“West Bengal is an attractive investment destination for investors,” Bachawat said and highlighted various initiatives taken to promote industrial development. He said West Bengal has sufficient land and water to meet the requirement of the industry.
S A Baba said Bengal offers immense opportunities in the area of fisheries development and developing Integrated fisheries zones would have great investment opportunities.
He said Government is considering to lease the water bodies in the State for encouraging fishing on a long term basis.
S P Yadav made a presentation on the measures taken by the Government to attract the investments in to the State and highlighted the presence of natural resources such as coal in the State.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Modis cabinet expansion likely on SundayModi’s cabinet expansion likely on Sunday
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to expand his council of ministers on Sunday with top BJP leaders maintaining that at least six new faces, including Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar are expected to be inducted.
Though BJP top brass officially remained tight—lipped on the issue, party sources said Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, its prominent Muslim face; its youth wing president Anurag Thakur besides Parrikar are being considered for a ministerial berth.
Incidentally, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu, whose Telugu Desam Party is a BJP ally, also indicated that an expansion of the cabinet is on the cards.
“You will know details about the Cabinet expansion in two days,” said Naidu, who walked off the stage for a few minutes during an interview at the World Economic Forum’s India summit here to attend a phone call but refused to identify the caller.
Some new faces from Bihar and Rajasthan besides a few from BJP allies like Shiv Sena and TDP are expected to find a place in the government, sources indicated.
There are currently 22 Cabinet members and same number of ministers of state, including 10 with independent charge. Many BJP leaders like Nitin Gadkari, Arun Jaitley, Prakash Javadekar, Nirmala Sitharaman and Piyush Goyal have charge of multiple ministries. And the exercise is aimed to streamline the portfolios.
Amid indications of Parrikar being elevated as Union minister, BJP’s Goa unit is expected to finalise his successor.
According to party a source, Parrikar is currently in New Delhi along with Goa unit president Vinay Tendulkar and General Secretary Satish Dhond is expected to join them.
Parrikar yesterday held a meeting with BJP president Amit Shah in Delhi amid reports that he could get the defence portfolio in the Union Cabinet.
Later in the night, he followed it up with a meeting with Modi and told reporters that they only discussed Goa issues.
If the reshuffle of the ministry takes place, this will be the first recasting of his council of ministers by Modi after he assumed office in May after the general elections.
Sunday is being talked about as the day for the exercise as Modi is scheduled to leave on a three—nation nine—day tour on November 11. Parliament is scheduled to see the start of Winter Session from November 24 and so the new ministers could have some time to prepare themselves to face the House.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Infosys  DreamWorks Animation sign engineering pactHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Infosys, DreamWorks Animation sign engineering pact
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
Country’s second largest software services firm Infosys has inked a strategic engineering services partnership with DreamWorks Animation.
The two companies intend to work together to further develop DreamWorks’ technologies to bring them to wider use, Infosys said in a statement.
“Infosys has a market-leading record of delivering critical engineering services to the most innovative technology companies worldwide, to amplify and accelerate their existing efforts,” Infosys CEO and Managing Director, Vishal Sikka said.
Infosys will deploy its global talent pool available across cloud, big data, Java and open source capabilities to develop next generation solutions based on the DreamWorks technology, the statement said.
No financial details of the partnership were disclosed.
“Infosys is a world leader in enterprise solutions and can deliver engineering talent at a massive scale to help us develop our technology for wider use,” DreamWorks Animation Chief Executive Officer and Director, Jeffrey Katzenberg said.
DreamWorks Animation creates entertainment, including CG animated feature films, television specials and series and live entertainment properties.
The company has released 27 animated feature films, including the franchise properties of Shrek, Madagascar, Kung Fu Panda, How to Train Your Dragon, Puss In Boots and The Croods.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Five Bihar Ministers skip CM Manjhis eventUpdated: November 6, 2014 22:15 IST
I’m CM only for a short time, says Manjhi
Amarnath Tewary
The Hindu Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi talking to media persons during his Janta Darbar in Patna. File photo: Ranjeet Kumar
TOPICS
politics
Five Ministers of his Cabinet skip government function attended by him
Amid reports of a tussle between him and his predecessor Nitish Kumar for the top post, Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi on Thursday admitted he was in the post just for a short period of time.
“I know I am the Chief Minister for a short period of time,” said Mr. Manjhi at a government function.
“I’m not someone with extraordinary qualities,” said Mr. Manjhi at the function. Altogether, five Ministers of his Cabinet did not turn up.
“Now the situation in the ruling JD(U) has come to such a pass that no Minister or MLA wants to be seen with Mr. Manjhi as it would invite the wrath of Mr. Kumar,” said a State BJP leader.
Recently, a group of five-six senior Ministers, said to be close to Mr. Kumar, went to Delhi to put pressure on party president Sharad Yadav to remove Mr. Manjhi, said State BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi.
Mr. Sharad Yadav visited Patna and held meetings with Mr. Kumar and some Ministers. Party insiders told The Hindu that replacement of Mr. Manjhi with Mr. Kumar was the prime issue discussed.
However, the JD(U) has said Mr. Manjhi would continue as the Chief Minister till the 2015 Assembly polls but “the party would contest elections under the leadership of Mr. Kumar.”

Investors Find Better Balance in Their 401(k)sAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Jay Root and The Texas Tribunejay root and the texas tribune
Suprise finding: Colon cancer rates rising among young adults(Reuters)
Colon cancer, like many other cancers, was thought to be a disease of the old.
The nation's leading physician groups don't even recommend screening for colon cancer if you are at average risk unless you are 50 or above. But a new study, published in JAMA Surgery Thursday, challenges those assumptions and raises questions about whether our current standards for screening and care are adequate.
In a retrospective study looking at  393,241 patients  from 1975 to 2010, researchers from the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center found that while the overall incidence of colon and rectal cancer has decreased since 1998, there has been an increase in the young. That includes both the 20 to 34 age group and the 35 to 49 year olds. If this rate of increase continues, the study predicted, the incidence rates will be about double for those 20 to 34 years and will increase by 28 percent and 46 percent for those who are 35 to 49 year olds.
The authors, led by Christina Bailey from the department of surgical oncology at MD Anderson, said they couldn't explain the spike in colon and rectal cancers in the young but that the decrease in older adults is likely due to better screening and treatment options. "Further studies are needed to determine the cause for these trends and identify potential preventive and early detection strategies," they wrote.
Colon cancer is among the most deadly cancers, with a significant number dying within five years of diagnosis. According to the National Cancer Institute, nearly 97,000 people will be newly diagnosed with colon cancer and 40,000 with new rectal cancer this year and about 50,000 people will die from those cancers.
Doctors recommend that those at risk due to a family history of the disease or have a certain genetic mutation that may make them more likely to get colon or rectal cancer get regular screenings. The American Cancer Society also recommends diet changes -- eating five or more fruit or vegetables servings a day -- and limiting alcohol intake. Scientists are working on possible vaccines for colon cancer but they are still in the early stages of development.

Canara Bank reports flat net profit at Rs 627 cr during Q2Canara Bank reports flat net profit at Rs 627 cr during Q2
India s veg oil import may touch new record at 12.3 mn tonnesIndia s veg oil import may touch new record at 12.3 mn tonnes
Sugar futures weaken marginally on good stocksSugar futures weaken marginally on good stocks
India wants to expand ties with Israel: ModiIndia wants to expand ties with Israel: Modi
WEF India Summit: Biz leaders repose faith in India storyWEF India Summit: Biz leaders repose faith in India story
Party asked me to take up assignment at Centre: ParrikarParty asked me to take up assignment at Centre: Parrikar
Parrikar to meet legislators amid cabinet rank reportsParrikar to meet legislators amid cabinet rank reports
Jaitley Promises Corruption-Free  Fair Business Environment  End Of Crony CapitalismJaitley Promises Corruption-Free  Fair Business Environment  End Of Crony Capitalism
Refined soya oil futures down 0.64 pc on profit-bookingRefined soya oil futures down 0.64 pc on profit-booking
Modi s sell-off drive thwarted; more spending cuts likelyHi Guest
Modi's sell-off drive thwarted; more spending cuts likely
Image: Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Photograph: Amit Dave/Reuters   India will fall well short of its $9.5 billion privatisation target this year, despite a big stock market rally that has attracted foreign investors, two government sources told Reuters. Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious selloff agenda has met resistance from labour unions and faces delays because of bureaucratic upheaval caused by a purge of the top team at the finance ministry that handles asset sales. Officials ...

IIT-Kharagpurs 4-day Spring Fest to begin from Jan 23IIT-Kharagpur’s 4-day Spring Fest to begin from Jan 23
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Nov 6:  
The Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur (IIT-Kharagpur) will organize the 56th edition of 4-day annual social and cultural fest – Spring Fest 2015 from January 23-26. The event, which has footfall of more than 30,000 during the four-day programme, is seen as one of the largest of its kind organized entirely by students.
This year Spring Fest conducted nationwide prelims for two of its flagship events -- Nukkad and Shuffle, in October in 7 cities all over India. Prelims of Wild Fire -- the biggest rock band competition in India- will happen in December. Spring Fest conducts a multitude of events encompassing 9 genres and more than 90 events which are contested among the best in India.
Its social element -- Pratigya aims to motivate people all over to pledge themselves to a cause to improve the society, one step at a time, a statement said. Star-nights are the main attraction of Spring Fest.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Andhra Bank opens 27thbranch in GujaratAndhra Bank opens 27th branch in Gujarat
Our Bureau
Tweet
November 6, 2014:  
Public sector lender, Andhra Bank announced opening of its 27th branch in Gujarat on Thursday. The Gita Mandir branch, opened under the Ahmedabad Zone was inaugurated by Pradipsinh Jadeja, Minister of State for Law and Justice, Government of Gujarat in the presence of G Malleshwara Rao, zonal manager - Ahmedabad Zone.
In his inaugural address the minister gave a call to the general public, and the local corporators to help the branch staff in opening of more accounts as part of the Jan Dhan Yojana so that benefits can be transferred to the account holders directly. Rao mentioned that the Bank, which has over 2200 branches nationally will open 100 more branches in the state by March 2016.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Saraf Foods expands freeze-drying capacityHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Saraf Foods expands freeze-drying capacity
Our Bureau
Eyes 10 fold growth in turnover by 2018
Ahmedabad, Nov 6:  
Vadodara-based Saraf Foods Ltd today informed that the company has invested Rs 15 crore to increase the freeze-drying capacity by 50 per cent from 7.5 tonnes per day to 11 tonnes per day input at its facility in Vaghodia GIDC near Vadodara.
The company eyes rapid growth in demand for freeze-dried products with increasing trend of ready-to-eat foods in urban centres.
With an annual turnover of Rs 24 crore, Saraf Foods exports about 60 per cent of its output to the markets like US and Europe.
The company plans to increase its turnover by 10 times by 2018. It is also exploring forward and backward integration in both domestic as well as international markets to achieve this target. “Also, we are also looking forward to explore other M&A opportunities to fuel our growth,” said Suresh Saraf, Managing Director, Saraf Foods.
“We will require additional space to expand our capacity to meet the growing demand from the ready-to-eat food makers. We are scouting for land in the vicinity of our existing facility,” he said.
A Mauritius-based PE Fund DSG Consumer Partners had acquired 29 per cent stake in the company by investing about Rs 10 crore, pegging the company’s market valuation at around Rs 35 crore.
The company has increased its production capacity by four times in the past five years. The latest expansion was done this year with an investment of about Rs 15 crore.
Company’s freeze-dried products include sweet corn, green peas, onion, banana and green peppercorn.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Magma Fincorp net climbs 32% at Rs 41 crMagma Fincorp net climbs 32% at Rs 41 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, November 6:  
Magma Fincorp Ltd, reported an over 32 per cent rise in consolidated net profit to over Rs 41 crore for the quarter ending September 30, 2014.
The company had reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 31 crore in the corresponding period last fiscal.During the period under review, Magma saw an approximate 14 per cent increase in consolidated total income to Rs 572 crore.
Total income stood at Rs 501 crore in the year-ago period.The rise in net income came on the back of positive operating results generated from general insurance business. The segment reported positive income to the tune of Rs 44 lakh.
General Insurance Business
Incidentally, the company reported a net profit from its general insurance for the second consecutive quarter.
In the July to September quarter, the Profit Before Tax (PBT), in the insurance business stood at Rs 95 lakh.In the year ago period, the business had reported a loss of around Rs 4.5 crore.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Taliban group threatens to attack IndiaMamata Banerjee hits back at Sushma Swaraj, says constitution is 'Holy Book' in democracy
A new Pakistani Taliban group behind this week’s devastating suicide bombing on the Pakistani-Indian border said on Wednesday the attack was as much aimed at India as Pakistan, suggesting that Indian targets might be next.
At least 57 Pakistanis were killed during a popular flag-lowering ceremony on Sunday when a bomber tried to get as close as possible to the border in a possible attempt to cause casualties on the Indian side as well.
Ehsanullah Ehsan, a prominent militant and spokesman for the group, Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat Ahrar (TTP-JA), said he had warned Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi that attacks in India were in the pipeline.
“I have already conveyed it to Modi … that if our suicide bombers can carry out attacks on this side of the border, they can easily do it on other side of the border in India,” he told Reuters by telephone from an undisclosed location.
“I told him that his hands are red with the blood of Kashmiri mujahideen (fighters) and innocent people of Gujarat for which he would have to pay the price.”
He earlier tweeted in English: “You (Modi) are the killer of hundreds of Muslims. We wl (will) take the revenge of innocent people of Kashmir and Gugrat” (sic). An Indian intelligence official said the account appeared genuine.
Kashmir is a disputed Himalayan territory over which India and Pakistan have fought two of their three wars.
Gujarat – misspelt in the tweet – is a western Indian state where more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, were killed in inter-religious rioting in 2002, when Modi was its chief minister.
India has long accused Pakistani militants of trying to attack its targets, particularly after the 2008 Mumbai attacks in which 166 people were killed when Pakistani gunmen went on a three-day rampage in India’s financial capital.
Ehsan said however that the Sunday attack was specifically aimed at the Pakistani military.
The elaborate border parade, which draws hundreds of people every day, is conducted by the military of both sides, making it a target for Taliban militants fighting to topple the Pakistani government and establish an Islamic theocracy.
“We have proudly stated that our target was the Pakistani security forces and their installations in which we succeeded,” Ehsan told Reuters.
The central Pakistani Taliban group, known as the TTP, has effectively disintegrated this year and split into a range of smaller groups such as TTP-JA who appear to be exploiting their ties to al Qaeda to broaden their mission beyond Pakistan.
Ehsan said that unlike the TTP’s narrow focus on war in the tribal areas on the Afghan border, his outfit sought to attack countries around the region.
“The TTP focuses on Pakistan only, while we have a global agenda of jihad and therefore we have people from all over the world including the Arab and Western world for this mission.”
AL QAEDA THREAT
TTP-JA has announced its support for the Middle Eastern group Islamic State, whose belligerent anti-Western ideology has begun to inspire militants across South Asia.
The group’s openly anti-Indian rhetoric differs from that of the mainstream Pakistani Taliban, who are mainly focused on their insurgency against Pakistani security forces in the volatile tribal northwest of the country.
A successful attack on an Indian target would severely affect the already frosty relations between the nuclear-armed rivals.
Shelling on their disputed Kashmir border is an almost daily occurrence, a constant reminder that a full-blown conflict is always a threat.
Further unnerving India, al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri, said to be close to TTP-JA, has announced the creation of a South Asia wing of al Qaeda, threatening to stage attacks on countries across the subcontinent.
The new group’s first major attack was a botched attempt in September to hijack a Pakistani warship and attack a U.S. navy vessel at a base near the port city of Karachi.
On Tuesday, India’s navy withdrew two warships from the eastern port of Kolkata after intelligence agencies warned of an attack on the port and the city.
TAGS: Taliban Group Taliban Group Threatens India Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat Ahrar TTP-JA
More from miscellaneous
Sushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture Pushing for declaring Bhagwad Gita as a national scripture, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj today said only a formal announcement...

What the election means for your moneyWhat the election means for your money
By: Adam Shell November 5, 2014 9:54 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The midterm election is in the history books. And the Republicans were big winners. Is the GOP sweep good news for your money, too?
The Republican landslide, which gave it full control of both chambers of Congress, does matter to markets.
But, “we wouldn’t say this election is a game changer,” says Bob Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen Asset Management. He dubs the change in the U.S. political landscape a “modest shift.”
The reason: While the balance of power shifted, it was a modest shift. And there’s no guarantee that any new business-friendly legislation passed by the GOP-controlled Congress next year will be signed into law by President Obama.
“It’s an open question whether he signs such legislation and the extent to which Republicans and the president work together,” Doll adds.
One hour into today’s trading on Wall Street the Dow Jones industrial average was up modestly, rising 37 points, or 0.2%, to 17,421.
Main Street cast their votes for change Tuesday night. Now it’s Wall Street’s turn to vote with its wallet.
Wall Street, of course, will be waiting to see if any legislation changes occur next year when the new Republican-controlled Congress duels with the Democrat Obama in the White House.
Wall Street views the Republican party as more business-friendly, given the party’s well-known distaste for taxes and laws and regulations that hinder the growth of the economy and that hinder the profitability of U.S. companies.
While the election results might not be a game-changer, it does open the door for policy changes, new laws and other moves that could affect businesses – and specific sectors of the economy.
“The long-awaited expansion of the Keystone Pipeline would likely be high on the agenda,” says Doll, adding that if Obama approves such a move it would be a “boon to energy and infrastructure companies.”
There will also be a push to repeal the tax on medical devices, which would benefit that industry. Faster adoption of liquefied natural gas exports is also likely to be on Republican radar screens, as is increased defense spending, Doll says.
Other key issues that will be in the spotlight include tax reform, especially at the corporate level; energy policy as the nation becomes more energy-independent; not to mention legislation pertaining to health care, financial regulation, trade agreements and immigration.
But midterm elections tend to be bullish for stocks. The benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 stock index has performed much better in the final quarter of the year after a midterm vote. In the past 80 years, stocks have risen 2% in November and 1.8% in December during midterm election years, according to data from Strategas Research Partners. See chart below:
Strategas Research Partners
And the third year of the four-year presidential cycle is the most bullish of all. Since 1950, the U.S. stock market has rallied 18.7%, on average, in the third year of a president’s term.
Strategas Research Partners

Top 5 stocks FIIs bought in Q2 | 5 lesser known cos to ride bull runAshok Leyland
(According to analysts,…)
MUMBAI: Foreign institutional investors continue to remain bullish on Indian markets. After net inflows of $10.8 billion in first two quarters of 2014, they pumped in $3.1 billion in the September quarter.
India's economic activity is likely to spurt once the Reserve Bank of India lowers interest rates next year. According to analysts, lower crude oil prices are likely to bring inflation levels lower and prompt the central bank for a rate cut.
The inflows have been negative in the beginning of fourth quarter as the US quantitative easing came to an end. However, monetary stimulus from Japan and other European nations are likely to lead to more inflows in coming months.
Following is the list of stocks in which FIIs have increased their stake in September 2014 quarter.
United Spirits:
Even as it reported standalone net loss of Rs 55.58 crore against a net profit of Rs 118.13 crore in the corresponding quarter last fiscal, United Spirits has been in an uptrend.
Its board of directors approved hiving off Palakad unit in Kerala and Malkajgiri unit in Andhra Pradesh. The proposal for monetisation of the surplus assets of the company was also approved.
The board also approved agreement with Diageo to sell Diageo's brands through all of United Spirits' networks. United Spirits will get distribution fees of 5-6 percent for this sale.
The board also approved reporting to the Board of Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) as accumulated losses of the company in FY14 resulted in erosion of more than 50 percent of company's peak net worth.
"Looking beyond 1QFY15 numbers where United Spirits reported a loss, parent-Diageo efforts now seem to be directed towards bringing about financial discipline," said CLSA report.
The brokerage sees the company's decision to sell manufacture Diageo brands on license as a positive. It expects the stock to touch Rs 3,560 per share in next two years.
Reliance Communications:
The bullish sentiment in Indian markets in 2014 gave opportunity to debt-ridden companies to raise capital through FIIs.
The company is one of the most leveraged listed companies in the telecom sector. It had a debt of Rs 35,500 crore as of August 14.
In June the company raised nearly Rs 4,800 crore through QIP route.
According to reports, about 50 per cent of the issue was subscribed by two sovereign wealth funds, a North American pension fund and one of the world's top three fund management houses. About 85 per cent of the overall issue was subscribed to by foreign investors.
"While RCom's recent fundraising has allayed some of our leverage concerns, we continue to hold our view that the company should consolidate its operations and re-focus on the India wireless business segment.
" Our EBITDA estimates for FY15/16 are lowered by 5 per cent/2 per cent respectively; however, our EPS forecasts are lowered by 69 per cent /44 per cent respectively on account of earnings dilution and updating of FY14 earnings.
The brokerage has retained UnderWeight rating on the stock with a revised price target of Rs 107.
 
Bharti Infratel: The telecom tower infrastructures provider's decision to sell 8.5 crore equity shares through offer for sale helped FIIs to pick-up stake in the counter.
The promoters of the company diluted their stake in order to comply with SEBI's minimum (25 percent) public shareholding norms. According to reports, the company raised Rs 2,143 crore through offer for sale.
The company reported inline results for quarter ended September 2014. It added 3,950 new tenants in 2Q which is its highest in the past two years. Average rental declined 0.3 per cent Q-o-Q because of increasing tenancy.
"We expect BHIN to report rental revenue CAGR of 9 per cent for FY14-17, driven by tower additions and improvement in tenancy. This should drive an 11.4 per cent EBITDA CAGR. We expect earnings growth to moderate to 15 per cent after about 32 per cent growth in FY15. We have raised our capex estimates in view of the higher growth outlook," said BNP Paribas report.
The brokerage has Hold rating on the stock with price target of Rs 270.
GMR Infrastructure: The stake of foreign investors increased in the company after it issued shares to qualified institutional investors and raised Rs 1,477 crore in July.
The company had sold its shares at Rs 31.50 per share, lower than floor price of Rs 33.14 per share.
Barclays Equity Research continues to see upside in GMR, despite factoring in capex overruns in its power plants and dilution from its QIP and warrants issue.
"The company continues to focus on reducing the negative impact of its corporate debt. With the recent equity issuance by way of QIP (INR15b) and issue of warrants to promoters (INR6b), GMR intends to reduce its corporate debt," the report said.

Anchor Electricals to invest Rs 400cr over 3...Anchor Electricals plans to invest Rs 400 crore over next 3 years
PTI Nov 6, 2014, 05.29PM IST
Tags:
Anchor Electricals
(Panasonic Group company…)
MUMBAI: Panasonic Group company Anchor Electricals today said it plans to invest Rs 400 crore over the next three years in expansion and new product launches.
"We plan to invest Rs 400 crore in the next three year period in our Haridwar, Bhuj and Daman units. The investment will be made in these three units for expansion plans, launching new products and strengthening our sales and marketing network," Anchor Electricals Joint Managing Director Dinesh Aggarwal told PTI.
The company has invested Rs 120 crore in FY 14, he said. Anchor Electricals is one of the largest domestic manufacturers of electrical construction materials with four manufacturing locations and boasts of 55 domestic bases with workforce of more than 10,000. In the last financial year, its net sales were Rs 1,580 crore.
It has a dominant market share in wiring devices and is constantly expanding its product range and growing market share in switchgear, lighting, fans and wires & cables.
Anchor aims to double its growth in the next three years from the existing and aims to be the front-runner in the solutions business dealing with energy generation, conservation and management.
Anchor Electricals today announced the launch of its new professional LED lighting solutions for its consumers. The latest offerings offer reliable lighting solutions for all kinds of commercial, retail and hospitality sectors. With the launch of this range of solutions, the company is aiming at tapping lucrative opportunities present in the solutions business.
Along with an already established expanding residential LED luminaire portfolio, the company aims at growing its presence as a lighting solutions provider.
The total LED market in the country is estimated at Rs 4,500 crore and the company hopes to capture 10 per cent market share by 2018, Aggarwal said.
The LED lighting business will drive a robust synergy with Anchor's wiring devices & power business, enabling it to capture the electrical solutions space, Joint Managing Director Takaki Oguri said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ranbaxy loses 6 mths exclusivity on Roche s ...Ranbaxy Laboratories loses six months exclusivity on Roche's antiviral drug Valcyte
ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 12.28PM IST
Tags:
AstraZeneca
("Ranbaxy is disappointed…)
NEW DELHI: The US drug regulator has revoked its decision to grant tentative approval to Ranbaxy Laboratories for exclusive marketing of its generic versions of Roche's antiviral drug Valcyte and AstraZeneca's heartburn pill Nexium, saying it was erroneous. The FDA had earlier banned Ranbaxy's Indian plants over product quality issues.
"In FDA's view, Ranbaxy has forfeited its eligibility for 180-day exclusivity for its ANDA for valganciclovir hydrochloride tablets (Valcyte)," Ranbaxy said in a communication to the stock exchange after market hours on Thursday . It, however, was silent on whether it has also surrendered its exclusivity rights for generic Nexium. The exclusive marketing right was for six months.
A spokesperson for Ranbaxy refused to say more than what the company had told the stock exchanges.
Analysts expected Ranbaxy, which is being acquired by Sun Pharma, to earn upwards of $200 million through these exclusive marketing opportunities. Of this, they estimated revenue from generic Nexium to top $160 million. "Ranbaxy is disappointed with this development and is actively evaluating all available options to preserve its rights," the company said. Ranbaxy was expected to launch the Nexium generic in May and market it till November, but it had failed to do so till date. In an investor call early this month, Ranbaxy's CEO, Arun Sawhney , had said that the company believes it maintains exclusivity opportunity for Nexium.
Ranjit Kapadia, senior vice-president at Centrum Broking, said the news could hit the shares of Ranbaxy and Sun Pharma.Another analyst said Ranbaxy can just hope that it can still market the first Nexium generic version from its US-based plant, which is the only FDA-approved facility that can still supply drugs to the US market.
The delay in launching a low-cost version had prompted the US states, rival generic drugmakers, consumer groups, drug retailers and wholesalers to step up pressure on Ranbaxy to either immediately launch or bow out to allow other generic drugmakers to launch. In September, Attorney General of Connecticut, George Jepsen, had urged the FDA to either make Ranbaxy deliver on its promise to bring its generic version of Nexium or scrap its drug application and allow other generic drugmakers to make low-priced version of this drug, which earns its parent firm over $5 billion yearly in US sales alone.
Jepsen had said "Ranbaxy's actions have stalled FDA approval of any other generic drug alternatives to AstraZeneca's Nexium." He added that consumers should not suffer as a result of the company's manufacturing problems.
Jepsen's request to the FDA follows a citizen's petition filed by an unnamed `generic drugmaker' in May this year. The petition, which was reviewed by ET, argued that the FDA should have scrapped Ranbaxy's drug applications seeking generic exclusivity because it had originated from Paonta Sahib and Dewas, units blacklisted by the US drug regulator for manufacturing lapses and generating falsified data. On Thursday, the US drug regulator cited the "compliance status" of the drug-making facilities referenced in the new drug applications at the time it granted tentative approval as reason for its decision.
The petition quoted earlier claimed that the scale of fraudulent activities at Ranbaxy makes it implausible that drug applications filed at that time from affected facilities were not fraught with flawed data. If Ranbaxy has renewed its application for the same drugs from another site, that should be treated as new applications and the company should lose its status as first generic applicant and forgo the 180-day exclusive marketing opportunities it is holding on to.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Navy SEAL who shot Osama bin Laden unmaskedAbbottabad
(Robert O'Neill, is SEAL…)
WASHINGTON: A decorated ex-Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill has been unmasked as the man who pumped three shots to the head of elusive al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden during a top-secret 2011 raid on his hideout in Pakistan.
O'Neill, 38, is the SEAL Team Six member who fired the three shots to the head of the al-Qaeda leader during the raid, according to SOFREP, a website dedicated to military news.
He grew up in Montana mining town and is now facing possible legal action for giving out the tightly held secret. He is expected to reveal himself during a two-part Fox News TV special next week.
O'Neill was one of 23 SEALS who flew into the Pakistani garrison city of Abbottabad on the night of May 2, but the last to see bin Laden alive.
It had previously been unclear precisely how the terrorist leader was killed and how many servicemen had been involved in his death.
O'Neill, who is married with children, was last year interviewed by Esquire magazine, which did not publish his name. He told how he joined the army at the age of 19 as a reaction to his then-girlfriend leaving him.
His exploits have already been portrayed on the big screen in the action flicks "Zero Dark Thirty", "Captain Phillips" and "Lone Survivor."
O'Neill served more than a dozen tours of duty in active combat, including Iraq and Afghanistan , undertaking 400 separate combat missions.
For his service he has been decorated 52 times, up to the level of senior chief petty officer before he left. He was awarded two Silver Stars - the military's third highest honour - as well as four Bronze Stars.
It has been reported that his decision to speak out was prompted by losing some of his military benefits by quitting the SEALs after 16 years rather than completing a full 20 years of service.
Earlier, the elite US Navy SEALs were warned against betraying their promise to maintain secrecy and not speak to the media to gain "public notoriety and financial gain".
The October 31 letter from Admiral Brian Losey specifies that the warning holds even after a mission is over, and it scolds those seeking public credit.
The admonition was seemingly directed both at Matt Bissonnette - who revealed his role in the 2011 bin Laden mission with "60 Minutes" - and at O'Neill at the centre of the upcoming Fox News documentary.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will comment only after official announcement: Parrikar on reports over DefenceportfolioPrint
Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar had on Wednesday met Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP President Amit Shah amid reports of expansion.
By: Press Trust of India | Panaji | Posted: November 6, 2014 6:41 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 6:48 pm
Amid speculation over his appointment as Defence Minister, Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar arrived here on Thursday from New Delhi but evaded questions on the issue, saying he will comment only after an “official announcement” is made.
Parrikar has called a meeting of BJP MLAs and office bearers late in the evening, apparently to deliberate on his possible successor.
“I will comment only after some official announcement is made. Let the announcement come. That time I will reply to you,” Parrikar told reporters outside Dabolim airport on his return from the national capital.
Parrikar had on Wednesday met Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP President Amit Shah amid reports of expansion and reshuffle of the Union Cabinet in which he could get the Defence portfolio.
Party officials confirmed that the name of Parrikar’s successor would be discussed in the meeting, but a formal announcement would be made only after the Centre confirms his induction as defence minister.
Names of state Health Minister Laxmikant Parsekar and Goa Assembly Speaker Rajendra Arlekar, both former state BJP unit chiefs with RSS background, are doing the rounds for the top post.
Both the leaders told PTI they will accept the responsibility, if it is given to them.
“I will go by what the party decides. I am not in the race. There is no race for the post. It would be the decision of the party,” Parsekar said.
On his part, Arlekar said nothing has yet been communicated to him about his possible elevation.
“Nothing has been communicated to me. But, if the party gives me any responsibility, I will handle it to the best of my ability,” said Arlekar, an MLA from Pernem.
The new Chief Minister will have the tough task of reviving the state’s economy which is going through a difficult phase due to closure of the mining industry.
The Parrikar government is in the process of resuming mining following a Supreme Court order.
“The choice of the Chief Minister is very crucial. He has to match the calibre of Parrikar. People will soon start comparing the new CM with Parrikar and, if he fails, it could affect the party’s future prospects,” a senior party leader said requesting anonymity.

PM Narendra Modi cant just tweet  needs to talk too: ArunaRoyPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 6:27 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 6:35 pm
Criticising Narendra Modi as a Prime Minister, who only “tweets” rather than talking to the people, social activist Aruna Roy on Thursday said there appeared to be “more rhetoric but very little action” on his part.
Rejecting the criticism, Union Minister Piyush Goyal, however, said the Prime Minister speaks his heart out and expressed confidence about his abilities to deliver.
“While Modi has been using social media to communicate with the people, the conversation has gone only in one direction. He is there as a representative of all of us. But he can’t just tweet to us. He can’t just have an email address. He has to talk to us,” Roy said.
Roy, Founder of Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathana and  formerly a member of National Advisory Council, however,
said it was an opaque government and “we don’t know what is happening. He has to speak to us and not just tweet to us”.
“I have great faith in people of India… we need systemic changes. Democracy is working in some states, but people are rethinking… The Indian society is divided and you are living the life like an ostrich,” she added.
Roy said there was “the other India that is unhappy and distressed by a whole spate of promises that have not been fulfilled”.
Expressing concern that “Modi is not moving fast enough”, she said there was “more rhetoric but very little action and, in some cases, they are going backwards”.
“We don’t know what the government is doing. It is an opaque government. We don’t have a roadmap,” she said, while speaking at a session on ‘A New India: Free, Fair and Prosperous’ during India Economic Summit, organised by WEF and CII.
Speaking at the same session, Goyal, Minister of State for Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy, said the Prime Minister talks and “he is not a Prime Minister who only talks”.
“The Prime Minister is aware that the whole world is watching and assessing his performance… He will ensure that there is development for all,” Goyal said further, after Roy raised concerns during the summit here that India under the Modi government remains “divided”.
“He does not want to segregate society. Rather than giving lip service, he is on the ground working for justice for all.
After years of deprivation, this is a process that won’t happen in a month,” Goyal said.
“He (Modi) has given more interviews than the previous Prime Minister in ten years… You have seen him speak his heart out. He is not the one who is inundated by criticism.
“He is not the one who is looking at pessimistic world. He is an optimist, he is a person who believes in his abilities to perform, and one who is confident on his abilities to deliver.”
The minister also said that the present government is more accessible, but the “sad part of India and India’s development story is that it is only driven by what is happening in the media”.
“This government believes it has to work and deliver to the people. I think what Modi reflects and continued…

Suzlon to complete Kutch wind farm in next four years  says CMDTantiPrint
By: Express News Service | Nani Ber | Posted: November 6, 2014 7:02 pm
The Suzlon Group is planning to complete the 2000 MW Kutch wind park in Gujarat in the next four years time.
“We have already completed installation of 1100 MW of windmills at this park. In the next 3-4 years this wind farm will be completed. Once this farm is finished, it will become the world’s largest wind farm at a singular location or belt,” said Tulsi Tanti, CMD of Suzlon Group on the sidelines of his company’s event in Kutch on Thursday.
During the event, the chief minister of Gujarat Anandi Patel inaugurated a 120 meter long hybrid tower which has been developed by Suzlon for sites having low wind speeds. Being the first such tower at Nani Ber in Kutch district of the state, the structure has been christened as the world’s tallest “lattice-tubular” hybrid tower.
“The winds speeds are better as you go higher. This tower can generate between 12-15 per cent more power than the conventional towers, at 5-6 percent extra cost,” said Tusli Tanti, CMD of Suzlon Group.
According to the company officials it was logistically not possible for the company to build wind turbines beyond 85-90 meters. “It is difficult to transport towers that are more than five meters in diameter,” he added.
“There are a lot of sites where we cannot set up viable projects even with towers with 90 meters. This hybrid tower will help us set up projects even at sites with low wind speeds,” Tanti added.
The Kutch wind farm was planned as 2000 MW farm by Suzlon which includes a cluster of windmills at Amaliyara, Sinoi, Shikarpur, Lathedi, Changdi, Bhada, Nanisindhodi, Jakhau, Vanku, Jamanwada, Suthari and Kadodi villages of Kutch. The first turbine of 120 KW was commissioned at Lathedi way back in December 2005.
According to Suzlon officials, the company has mobilised inflow of Rs 1500 crore of investments from outside of the state in the form of wind power installations.
Tanti also claimed that each MW of wind power setup in Kutch has created about 20 direct and indirect jobs.
Gujarat has a wind power potential of 35000 MW. Currently, the state has 3454 MW of installed wind power generation capacity of which the share of Suzlon stands at 1709 MW.

Apple Pay just got major competitionApple Pay just got major competition
By: Matt Krantz November 5, 2014 12:10 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Softcard
The battle for smartphone payments isn’t just between Apple (AAPL) and the merchants. The carriers aren’t about to hand the opportunity to Apple, either.
Softcard, a joint venture between AT&T (T) , T-Mobile (TMUS) and Verizon (VZ) , just launched a free app for Windows Phone in addition to its Android app that allows consumers to pay for goods by simply tapping their phones on the wireless pad available at many retailers.
What makes this payment solution different from Apple Pay and Google Wallet — is that Softcard works on not just one type of device, but on both Windows and Android. Additionally, unlike Apple Pay which requires the purchase of an iPhone 6, which retails for more than $600, Softcard users can use their existing phones in many cases.
Consumers just need to get a special encrypted “Enhanced” SIM card, available for free from AT&T . Verizon and T-Mobile are expected to also soon offer these cards to their users.
Softcard offers a similar shopping experience as Apple Pay. Users use the Softcard app to input their credit card data on the smartphone. At the point of purchase, the users tap their Windows Phone or compatible Android device onto the wireless pay pad available at an increasing number of retailers.
Wireless payment systems have been tried for years with little success. Windows Phones and Android devices have long supported NFC, the technology that Apple adopted in its iPhone 6. Most modern credit cards, too, allow consumers to pay by tapping the wireless pads.
But Apple’s marketing blitz over Apple Pay has made consumers consider the technology they might have thought was too complicated before. Apple Pay is the “game changer” that is pushing ahead the movement to wireless payments, according to a Morningstar Technology Observer report issued to clients Wednesday.
But Apple’s small global market share limits its volume of wireless payment transactions, Morningstar says. It’s currently seen as a way to convince more people to buy iPhones, a strategy that might be effective, Morningstar says. Shares of Apple are on a tear this year, up more than 30%, as the company sells tens of millions of iPhone 6s. Shares Wednesday are trading up 26 cents to $108.87 — as investors wonder if it’s the first risk-free stock .
But the mobile pay change is bigger. Apple Pay is lighting a fire under competitors. Softcard is the latest example, but Morningstar also says eBay’s PayPal unit is in a good position to add new offerings for mobile payment after Apple Pay marketing increases awareness.

Congress shadow groups to keep track of govt movesPrint
New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 1:06 am
The Congress has formed seven committees — in other words “shadow ministry groups” — to keep a track of decisions being taken by the Narendra Modi government, which has started to formulate new policies and amend key legislations enacted by the previous UPA regime.
The party had earlier created shadow Twitter handles to track each ministry and sector.
Almost all the panels are headed by former ministers and their mandate is to follow up on the legislations enacted and policies formulated by the government. Sources said the panels will be a “permanent fixture” and their inputs are expected to help the Congress form its strategies, both inside and outside Parliament.
Sources said A K Antony is leading the panel on the ministries of defence, home, law and justice. Former minister Ashwani Kumar and Youth Congress president Rajeev Satav are members of this panel.
The party has been accusing the government of trying to dilute many of the UPA’s ambitious schemes and legislations, including the MGNREGA and the land acquisition act.
It has picked former food minister K V Thomas to head the group on rural development and environment and forests. Former minister Jairam Ramesh and Kaliabor MP Gaurav Gogoi are members of this panel.
The panel on labour and railways has been formed under Mallikarjun Kharge with Oscar Fernandes and Supaul MP Ranjeet Ranjan as its members. The Congress has opposed the government’s privatisation plans in Railways and relaxation in labour laws.
The commerce, finance, external affairs and I&B group is being led Veerappa Moily with former commerce minister Anand Sharma and Jyotiraditya Scindia as its members. Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad is heading the panel on Health and Family Welfare and Women and Child Development. J D Seelam and Kodikunnil Suresh are its members.
Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh has been made in-charge of the group on agriculture and drinking water and sanitation. He is the only non-UPA minister to head a panel. The members of this group are Ashok Chavan and Ninong Ering.
The group on HRD, Panchayati Raj and Northeastern region is chaired by Mani Shankar Aiyar and Bhalchandra Mungekar and Sushmita Dev are its members.

Govt should make more spectrum available: Sunil MittalGovt should make more telecom spectrums available, says Sunil Mittal
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 14:10 IST
Sunil Bharti Mittal, chairman of Bharti Enterprises, speaks during the India Economic Summit 2014 at the World Economic Forum in New Delhi. (Photo: Reuters)
Bharti group Chairman Sunil Mittal on Thursday said the telecom industry wants more spectrum and the government should make it available.
"We want from the government more spectrum. Every country has the same amount of spectrum and it is not that India has less... It needs to be vacated from other places, that is what other countries have also done," Mittal said on the sidelines of the India Economic Summit organised by the World Economic Forum in the national capital.
On October 15, the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) gave its recommendation on spectrum auction for premium 900 Mhz band and 1800 Mhz band that are presently being used for 2G GSM mobile services by operators Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications.
Government has proposed to put for auction about 184 Mhz of spectrum in 900 Mhz band which is held by these companies through their various licences expiring in 2015-16. The four telecom operators will have to buy spectrum afresh to continue their services.
"I would say government should make available enough spectrum so that there is a balance between spectrum pricing" Mittal added.
On being asked if the spectrum auction - which is scheduled for February 3 - should be deferred , Mittal said, "Why should this be deferred. Industry wants more spectrum and the government should make it available to them."
On Bharti Airtel calling off the Rs 700-crore deal to acquire business and assets of Mumbai-based Loop Mobile, he said too much was being read into it.
"Loop mobile is a small issue and I don't know why this is being made into such a big issue. Most of the Loop subscribers have ported to us. It was a small deal, which was basically an experiment for the first time to acquire customers.
Its not about the merger but about the renewal of the agreement," Mittal said.
Telecom major Airtel, in a filing to Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), had said its proposed transaction related to Loop was conditional upon approvals by Department of Telecom (DoT) that had not been received till date.
DoT is yet to give clearance to the proposed deal as it estimates that Loop Mobile and its sister concern Loop Telecom owe to the government about Rs 808 crore in spectrum and other charges.
Axis Bank, the private sector lender, has also told the DoT that Rs 215-crore loan to Loop Mobile will be at risk if the deal of the Mumbai-based operator to sell its assets to Bharti Airtel is not approved.
Airtel had signed the deal with Loop in February 2014 to buy business and assets of Loop Mobile in Mumbai under a strategic agreement for about Rs 700 crore.
Under the agreement, Loop Mobile's 3 million subscribers (at that time) in Mumbai were supposed to join Airtel's over 4 million subscribers, which would have made it the largest network in the financial capital.

Modi s cabinet reshuffle likely on Sunday; Parrikar may get defenceModi's cabinet reshuffle likely on Sunday; Parrikar may get defence
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi , November 06, 2014
First Published: 11:23 IST(6/11/2014) | Last Updated: 16:48 IST(6/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will likely reshuffle and expand his council of ministers on Sunday, with Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar tipped to get the key defence portfolio and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi set to return as a cabinet minister.
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar (L) took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. (Sameer Sehgal/HT File Photo)
TV channels reported Thursday morning that Modi met President Paranab Mukherjee amid the cabinet rejig buzz.
The long-awaited revamp of the team that has ruled India since late May will lighten the burden on some ministers, who hold more than one portfolio, and give the Prime Minister a chance to promote high achievers, while getting rid of a few who have failed to keep pace, government and BJP sources said.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, who holds additional charge of the defence portfolio, had said early in his tenure that this was a temporary arrangement. The 58-year-old chief minister flew to Delhi early on Wednesday, after cancelling a meeting of his state cabinet, and met BJP chief Amit Shah and Modi.
“The Prime Minister did not talk about my joining the Cabinet; we discussed Goa issues,” he said, after meeting Modi. The likely move of the well-regarded chief minister to Delhi will leave the BJP with a big hole to plug in Goa, and party leaders were in discussions about his replacement.
However, Parrikar, who is tipped to be the defence minister, told ANI that he did not have a discussion on the issue. "Why put the horse before cart?" the news agency quoted him as saying.
I haven't had a discussion yet,why put the horse before cart: Manohar Parrikar on reports of joining Union Cabinet pic.twitter.com/C4aPHrSIYz
— ANI (@ANI_news) November 6, 2014
Naqvi, who was minister of state in the Vajpayee government, is likely to become minister in charge of statistics and planning, the sources said. His entry will provide the Cabinet another prominent Muslim face, after minority affairs minister Najma Heptullah.
Jayant Sinha, who holds a Harvard MBA and is the son of for mer finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is likely to be inducted as minister of state (MoS), either in the defence or finance ministry. Nirmala Sitharaman may be promoted from MoS to Cabinet minister, likely in charge of the commerce and industry ministry, and give up her current additional role as MoS in the finance ministry.
Haryana leader Birender Singh, who had crossed over from the Congress to the BJP ahead of the Haryana Assembly election, is understood to be in contention for a berth in the council of ministers. He is likely to get independent charge of a ministry.
BJP’s youth wing chief Anurag Thakur, a Lok Sabha MP from Himachal Pradesh, and Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, who was instrumental in uncovering the coal block scam, are other probable candidates.
Bihar MPs Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a Brahmin, and Giriraj Singh, a Bhumihar, are also aid to be serious contenders for a place in the council of ministers. MPs from Uttarakhand and West Bengal may miss the bus again, said sources. Modi is understood to be considering lightening the burden of some ministers holding more than one portfolio.
Ravi Shankar Prasad (law, communication & IT), Prakash Javadekar (I&B and environment), Nitin Gadkari (rural development, road transport & highway, panchayati raj and drinking water) and Piyush Goyal (power, coal, new and renewable energy) are among the ministers who hold multiple portfolios. Speculation is also rife about changes in Rail Bhawan and in Krishi Bhawan. Given the PM’s motto of “minimum government, maximum governance”, the sources ruled out any large scale expansion. Modi’s present team includes 22 cabinet ministers and an equal number of MoS.

Paytm aims to clock $1 bn GMV by March next ...You are here: Home > Collections
Paytm aims to clock $1 billion GMV by March next year
PTI Nov 6, 2014, 06.11PM IST
Tags:
Boston Consulting Group
(Paytm is aiming to clock…)
NEW DELHI: Mobile commerce firm Paytm is aiming to clock $1 billion gross merchandise value (GMV) by March next year on the back of growing smartphone penetration and rising number of customers buying from e-commerce sites.
"We believe by the end of current fiscal, we should be crossing $1 billion GMV ," Paytm Chairman and Managing Director Vijay Shekhar Sharma told PTI.
He said growth drivers for the company are smartphone and Internet penetration, besides rising number of consumers opting for purchases from online shops.
The company has already crossed $600 million GMV. The company, which started by offering mobile recharge and utility bill payments, now offers a full marketplace to consumers on its mobile application.
The company, however, still gets 80 per cent of its business from recharge and bill payments and the rest 20 per cent comes from off selling.
Paytm is also raising $150 million to fund its growth plans which include increasing the employee strength to 3,600 by the end of next year.
"We have offers that have gone upto $250 million...we still believe that our business model requires $150 million. So, right now we are raising $150 million," Sharma said.
He said the company plans to have 1 million merchants in the next two years and also add 2,000 employees by December 2015. The firm currently has 1,600 employees.
Paytm has a user base of 22 million which include 15 million mobile wallet customers. It plans to increase the user base to 26 million by the end of this year.
According to industry body IAMAI, the digital commerce market stood at Rs 47,349 crore by the end of 2012 and at the end of December 2013, it grew to Rs 62,967 crore.
As per a Boston Consulting Group report, at present, about 45 per cent of online consumers in India use only their mobile devices to access the Internet and this is expected to rise to 60 per cent over the next three years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://www.reviewed.com/...Sign up to get updates on our
latest news & deals
subscribing!
Tested by Experts
We evaluate hundreds of electronics and home appliances each year in our labs. Through rigorous testing and in-depth analysis we can identify the best performers, the best values, and most importantly, the best product for you. We’re proud to present our annual Best of Year awards, a comprehensive buying guide for the 2014 holiday season and beyond. Read more about how we award , how we test and how we score .

India wants to expand ties with Israel: Narendra ModiPrint
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres expressed appreciation for the ambitious programmes launched by Modi.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 7:06 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 7:10 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday articulated his strong desire to further expand and strengthen India’s relations with Israel, both in traditional areas as well as in new areas of cooperation.
He conveyed this to former Israeli President Shimon Peres when he met him here, according to a PMO statement.
Peres congratulated Modi on his victory in the elections and expressed deep appreciation for the ambitious programmes launched by him for India’s economic and social transformation.
The Israeli leader said these programmes struck the right balance between respect for tradition and use of modern technology, the statement said.
Observing that India’s development and growth will be beneficial to the entire world, Peres said Israel is ready to partner with India in its development efforts and, in this context, called for greater collaboration in the areas of new and higher technologies.
He also shared his own vision of the way the introduction of new technologies would transform the human lives and the system of governance.
Modi said it was a great honour for him to meet Peres, whose life was a source of inspiration for the entire world.
He lauded the immense contribution of Peres to the world polity and the development of India-Israel relations, in particular.
Recalling his visit to Israel as Chief Minister of  Gujarat, Modi said following that he had promoted use of drip and micro irrigation in the state and also set up an incubation centre to support start-up companies with Israeli  collaboration.

Suzlon to complete Kutch wind farm in next four years  says CMD TantiPrint
By: Express News Service | Nani Ber | Posted: November 6, 2014 7:02 pm
The Suzlon Group is planning to complete the 2000 MW Kutch wind park in Gujarat in the next four years time.
“We have already completed installation of 1100 MW of windmills at this park. In the next 3-4 years this wind farm will be completed. Once this farm is finished, it will become the world’s largest wind farm at a singular location or belt,” said Tulsi Tanti, CMD of Suzlon Group on the sidelines of his company’s event in Kutch on Thursday.
During the event, the chief minister of Gujarat Anandi Patel inaugurated a 120 meter long hybrid tower which has been developed by Suzlon for sites having low wind speeds. Being the first such tower at Nani Ber in Kutch district of the state, the structure has been christened as the world’s tallest “lattice-tubular” hybrid tower.
“The winds speeds are better as you go higher. This tower can generate between 12-15 per cent more power than the conventional towers, at 5-6 percent extra cost,” said Tusli Tanti, CMD of Suzlon Group.
According to the company officials it was logistically not possible for the company to build wind turbines beyond 85-90 meters. “It is difficult to transport towers that are more than five meters in diameter,” he added.
“There are a lot of sites where we cannot set up viable projects even with towers with 90 meters. This hybrid tower will help us set up projects even at sites with low wind speeds,” Tanti added.
The Kutch wind farm was planned as 2000 MW farm by Suzlon which includes a cluster of windmills at Amaliyara, Sinoi, Shikarpur, Lathedi, Changdi, Bhada, Nanisindhodi, Jakhau, Vanku, Jamanwada, Suthari and Kadodi villages of Kutch. The first turbine of 120 KW was commissioned at Lathedi way back in December 2005.
According to Suzlon officials, the company has mobilised inflow of Rs 1500 crore of investments from outside of the state in the form of wind power installations.
Tanti also claimed that each MW of wind power setup in Kutch has created about 20 direct and indirect jobs.
Gujarat has a wind power potential of 35000 MW. Currently, the state has 3454 MW of installed wind power generation capacity of which the share of Suzlon stands at 1709 MW.

Music lies sandwiched between speech and silenceUpdated: November 6, 2014 19:43 IST
‘Music lies sandwiched between speech and silence’
N. VIJAY SIVA
Do gamakas come in the way of clear rendering of sahitya?
Nagore V. Sankararaman
Gamakas do not come in the way of clear rendering of sahitya. It is possible to intertwine both and retain the aesthetics of the music and the lyrics. Seniors have done it with ease.
Will you be ready to teach music to poor and destitute children free of cost?
V. Sankarlal
Why not? If it is about teaching to appreciate music… anybody, anytime, anywhere. To teach someone to sing, talent, passion and seriousness are expected.
Most senior artists do not attend concerts of their contemporaries most of the time. Comment.
Lalitha .D, Chennai
True, but quite erroneous to assign negative reasons. After a certain stage, external inspiration will slowly give way to internal, and attending concerts becomes more for the concert going experience or to express solidarity. Inspirational nourishment can come from associated arts as well.
You do not sing many of the songs popularised by your Guru DKJ – like ‘Mahadeva Siva Sambo’ or ‘Nambikkettavar Evarayya’? What is your yardstick for choosing a composition for a concert?
Janani, Chennai
Compositions are not mere creations. They are vehicles that carry spiritual potency of the composer and percolate into the minds and lives of the singer and the listener. Hence, it becomes my responsibility to deliver only those kritis with high spiritual energy, which was exactly what my Guru set for me - ‘Sing the compositions of the Great.’ He probably set something different for himself. Earlier, my attempts to fuse this into a regular course of action found modern compositions taking a back seat and those composed before 20th century dominating the concert list. Certain popular ones got missed out in the process but the gain was conspicuous both on the professional and domestic front.
Who or what is your inspiration/pole star? Where do you aspire to reach as an artist?
Sridevi, Chennai
Several people, ranging from Valmiki to tennis legend Pete Sampras, inspire me but the select few shall be venerably kept within, undisclosed. Music lies sandwiched between speech and silence. My final destination, as I dream today, is to reach the state of silence - no speech, no music, just joy.
I have been learning music off and on for nearly 20 years. I have been fortunate to have some remarkable teachers. However, sooner or later, the question of giving performances comes up. I don't enjoy performing. I like singing because I like losing myself in the music - something I find difficult in front of an audience. I want to understand the nuances -- the mood of a ragam, the reason why a particular sangati comes at a particular point in the sahitya. Yet, if I admit that I am not interested in performing, the frequency of classes comes down. The teachers suddenly become much busier than they were before. And Is there a solution to this?
Poorna
I must confess bewilderment! I’ve only heard of teachers complaining about students who are over anxious to perform! Maybe it was your tough luck to be under ‘differently’ minded teachers. Speak to them and sort it out or pray for lady luck to smile on you! If you want to enjoy your music as you have mentioned, leaf through music related books and websites, and attend lec-dems and satsangs.
How to deal with the cracking voice of a 14 year-old boy? Is there any treatment required or change in style?
Padma Hariharan, Chennai
No change in style is required. Repeatedly assure him that this is a natural phase of struggle and will not recur. And not to feel disturbed by its erratic behaviour. He needs to sing only with traditional tambura; if possible with a mirror before him. And he can sing whenever he feels like, preferably during early hours and for as long as possible without getting tired. And in any sruti he feels comfortable with on a given day.
It is said that artists are not born but made. How does it apply to Carnatic music?
V.N. Mukundarajan, Thiruvananthapuram
It’s true. Also family tradition matters. But we can more than compensate for the lack of it with hard work and prayer.
We hold the veena in high esteem as the instrument from the Vedic age. The violin has been adapted to Carnatic style only about 150 or 200 years ago. Why is it then we don’t see the veena in the concert circuit as an accompanying instrument. If it becomes a regular feature in every concert, will it not boost the interest of youngsters in taking to the veena?
Purva Dhanashree, Chennai
Simply because the violin has proved to be the closest to the human voice, it has overpowered the veena as an accompanying instrument. But the veena needs to be celebrated more as a lot of values rest in it. However much we prove that violin is a modified Indian instrument, we still use the veena during a seemantham or religious offerings as its sanctity remains a cut above the violin.
(This is the second set of questions which Carnatic vocalist N. VIJAY SIVA has answered.)
(To be continued)

Real Biz  With Rebecca JarvisEXPLORE.ORG: Frying Pan Deep Water Camera
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Mike Segar / REUTERS filemike segar / reuters file
Why you shouldnt use retirement savings to pay off debtBy Jonnelle Marte November 4 Follow @jonnelle
(iStock)
For many workers, years spent building up retirement savings can fall apart at what would typically be a milestone worth celebrating: the start of a new job.
The ability to cash out a retirement account comes with consequences. You’ll have to pay taxes on the money along with a 10 percent penalty for early withdrawal. Still, it’s an all-too-tempting option for some.
Rather than rolling over that retirement money into an IRA or another savings account, some people take the money and walk. And they’re more likely to do so when they have debt, a new report from the Employee Benefit Research Institute shows.
For instance, only 12.4 percent of respondents with no debt cashed out their accounts after changing jobs, according to the study. That share increases to 27.3 percent for people who owed between $3,000 and $10,000.
People also became less likely to roll over savings into an IRA as debt levels increased. Nearly 28 percent of people with no debt decided to roll over their savings into an IRA, compared to about 11 percent of people with $10,000 or more in debt.
The study looked at retirement data from 2008 and 2010, when retirement savers were asked what they did with their plans after leaving a company. Behavior varied not only by debt, but by income. People who made less were also more likely to cash out their savings. More than 30 percent of those who made less than $25,000 a year cashed out, compared to about 10 percent of those who made more than $75,000.
The survey did not ask people if they were planning to use the cash to pay down their debts, but using tomorrow’s income to pay down today’s debts can come with a cost. For one, the pot will be worth a lot less after taxes and fees. Take a hypothetical 30 year old who cashes out $16,000 from a retirement account. That person would pay $3,200 in federal and state taxes along with $1,600 in penalties, leaving him with $11,200, according to an analysis by Fidelity Investments.
He would also miss out on the investment growth he would have seen had he left the money invested, says Jeanne Thompson, a vice president for Fidelity. “It could grow significantly over the course of your career,” she says.
People should weigh how much they might earn by keeping the money invested against the cost of carrying credit card debt. The growth on the investment could outpace any savings a person would see from paying down the debt. For instance, that 30 year old paying off $10,000 in credit card debt (at an average interest rate of 15 percent) might rack up more than $5,000 in interest charges over 10 years of making $200 monthly payments, calculates Jack VanDerhei, research director for Ebri.
The same amount invested with the typical asset allocation for someone that age could nearly double over 10 years to about $19,600 when adjusted for inflation, VanDerhei says. That amounts to about $4,600 in lost investment growth. (That does not factor in that a person would need to withdraw more than $10,000 in order pay off the debt in full, after taxes and fees.)
Of course, paying off the debt could help people catch up on their savings later. Eliminating debt can help improve a person’s credit score, which can in turn affect the jobs they land and how much they pay in interest on other loans.
Age also plays a role in how people will treat savings. A separate study by Vanguard found that people in their 20s are more likely to withdraw their savings than older savers. Some people may underestimate how much even a modest amount of savings can add up to over time and so don’t see the value of leaving it in a retirement account, says Maria Bruno, senior investment analyst with Vanguard. But by withdrawing the funds, younger investors are giving up the advantage they have of starting early. They miss out on the power of compound interest.
And they may need to make much larger contributions later to catch up, Thompson says. “They will at some point probably need to double down on saving,” she says.
Read More:

Michael Bloomberg Just Bought BloombergIsTooShort.nyc And Other Epic Domainsreddit
Michael Bloomberg critics may be disappointed to learn that they won't be able to use BloombergFail.nyc to slam the former mayor. That's because Bloomberg owns BloombergFail.nyc and a host of other domain names.
A law firm representing the former three-term New York City mayor bought up hundreds of .nyc domains last month, Domain Name Wire reported Monday.
There are the domain names you'd expect (mayormichaelbloomberg.nyc and bloombergphilanthropy.nyc) and names that heap praise on the former mayor (americalovesbloomberg.nyc and mikekicksbutt.nyc.) But the law firm, Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP, also bought up a series of negative domain names, seemingly in an effort to pre-empt Internet trolls and Bloomberg critics from buying the domains themselves.
There are, for example, 13 domain names dealing specifically with Bloomberg's height, including:
BloombergIsAShortjew.nyc
MichaelBloombergIsTooShortToBePresident.nyc
MikeIsAShortJew.nyc
At least two domain names dealing with Bloomberg essentially having bought a third term as mayor:
EmperorBloomberg.nyc
At least four domains containing a certain expletive:
FuckBloomberg.nyc

Tribunal Allows DLF to Redeem Rs 1 806 Crore in MF InvestmentsYou are here: Home Corporates
Tribunal Allows DLF to Redeem Rs 1806 Crore in Mutual Fund Investments
Reuters | Updated On: November 05, 2014 16:15 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) on Wednesday allowed DLF Ltd to redeem Rs 1806 crore in mutual fund investments, as the property developer continues to contest a regulatory ban on raising funds from capital markets.
DLF is in the midst of appealing a ruling last month from the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) that had barred the firm and some of its executives from capital markets for three years over suspected disclosure violations in its 2007 initial public offering.
The debt-laden firm has contested the decision to the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) and had requested it be allowed to liquidate its mutual fund investments to meet cash requirements as the appeals process continues.
DLF had said it needed to service debt worth Rs 767 crore in November and Rs 1039 crore in December.
SAT is due to hold its next hearing on December 10 when the arguments in the appeal against the ban will resume.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

New  Grand Theft Auto  Offers First-Person Violencereddit
New versions of "Grand Theft Auto V" will now feature a first-person mode, according to an announcement by Rockstar Games on Tuesday.
That means you'll have the option of viewing events in the game as if you were the character in the game world. So you'll be really up close to violent shootouts on the fictional streets of Los Santos. Like, really close:
You'll have an easier time taking photographs with the in-game smartphone:
There will be more immersive car chases:
And flying sequences will feel even crazier:
The addition of a first-person perspective will only be available on the Playstation 4 and Xbox One versions of the game, out November 18, and the PC version, which is coming January 27.
GTA animation director Rob Nelson told IGN : "I don’t think we could’ve put it in the [last-generation version] because we were too busy making the game. We were too busy working on our third-person controls and the missions."
The change brings "Grand Theft Auto" more in line with this season's main competitor, " Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare ," which features first-person gameplay.
The new version of "Grand Theft Auto V" will still allow for the franchise's "third-person" gameplay -- i.e. when players control a character from a behind-the-shoulder vantage point -- you'll just now have a choice. There also are additional graphical improvements and gameplay tweaks.
The game is still rated "M for Mature" for "intense violence," "blood and gore," "nudity," "mature humor," "strong language," "strong sexual content" and "use of drugs and alcohol," according to the Entertainment Software Rating Board .
More:

Meet the Newly Empowered Right-wing Radicalsreddit
Some of the most extreme right-wing radicals got elected to Congress Tuesday. Let's begin with Glenn Grothman, who won Wisconsin's 6th District. Grothman wants to eliminate weekends ,  and believes " no people...care about Kwanza , just white left-wingers." He co-sponsored a bill that equated single-parenthood with child abuse . In addition ...
He calls Rick Santorum his "soul mate" and labor union activists " slobs ." He wants to end not only the minimum wage but weekends and paid sick leave and called for the elimination of municipal water disinfection, calling it "big government."
He opposes abortion for any reason and wants to make it a felony for a doctor to perform an abortion even to save the life of the mother.
He has said that the "gals" are running the nation and ruining it and that the "country is not going to survive if we continue this war on men."
Grothman has called Planned Parenthood "the most racist organization" in the country while supporting the Ugandan law that makes homosexuality a crime.
Joni Ernst, the newly-elected Iowa Senator, is another Tuesday winner who goes where the buses don't run. She has referred to President Obama as both "apathetic" and a "dictator." She carries a gun, which, she says, she may need to defend herself from the government .  Ernst echoes the the John Birch Society on Agenda 21, an innocuous United Nations initiative that "seeks for the government to curtail your freedom to travel as you please, own a gas-powered car, live in suburbs or rural areas, and raise a family. Furthermore, it would eliminate your private property rights through eminent domain."  But what really is Agenda 21? It's a non-binding UN resolution that asks nations to conserve open land by encouraging people to live in more populated areas. Period. That's it. Nothing to see here.  Ernst is " flattered " when she is compared to that "strong leader," Sarah Palin. Ernst believes in nullification , a Civil War-era notion that states could nullify federal laws they didn't agree with. She referred to the mass shooting at University of California, Santa Barbara as " an unfortunate accident ."  As a senator who can weigh in on judicial nominations, she's vowed to block nominees who don't follow Biblical law. As a state senator, Ernst says she missed half her votes because of National Guard service, but an investigation by The Gazette revealed that just 10% of missed votes were on days she was on duty.
Thom Tillis, who eked out a North Carolina Senate win by less than two points against Kay Hagan, agrees with Joni Ernst that there should be a personhood amendment to the U.S. Constitution. As Speaker of the House in his state, he tacked an anti-abortion provision to a motorcycle safety bill that would have closed all but one of North Carolina's abortion clinics. Tillis has compared welfare to reparations , claiming  the United States has "redistributed" "trillions of dollars over the years" -- amounting to "de facto reparations." And Tillis has stated, "What we have to do is find a way to divide and conquer the people who are on assistance."
It's no longer the burden of Democrats to produce. It's incumbent (you'll pardon the expression) upon the right to show what it can accomplish. I'm reminded of the old saw about being careful about what you ask for, because you might get it. If these far-right radicals are half as good at governing as they've been at heckling from the sidelines, they'll be political superstars.
Follow Alan Colmes on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@alancolmes
More:

Acura gears up to redefine practical luxury brandAcura gears up to redefine practical luxury brand
Caption 2016 Acura NSX
The Acura NSX hybrid supercar will have a twin-turbo V-6 and three electric motors. It's expected to start at six figures.
The Acura NSX hybrid supercar will have a twin-turbo V-6 and three electric motors. It's expected to start at six figures.
Honda / MCT
The 2014 Acura MDX underwent a redesign, making it the crossover's third generation. (Honda/MCT)
The 2014 Acura MDX underwent a redesign, making it the crossover's third generation. (Honda/MCT) (Honda / MCT)
Caption 2014 Acura RLX flagship
HANDOUT / MCT
The 2014 Acura RLX, Acura's flagship, gets a thorough reworking for the new model year, most notably in size, growing 2 inches in wheelbase and 1.7 inches in width. Styling revisions both inside and out bring the car up-to-date, as do a host of driver assistance and safety amenities.
The 2014 Acura RLX, Acura's flagship, gets a thorough reworking for the new model year, most notably in size, growing 2 inches in wheelbase and 1.7 inches in width. Styling revisions both inside and out bring the car up-to-date, as do a host of driver assistance and safety amenities. (HANDOUT / MCT)
See more galleries
Caption 2013 Acura ILX
The Honda Civic-based ILX is Acura's first compact sedan since the Integra was phased out in 2001. It starts at $27,000 and the first model year was 2013
The Honda Civic-based ILX is Acura's first compact sedan since the Integra was phased out in 2001. It starts at $27,000 and the first model year was 2013
Caption 2012 Acura TL debuts at Chicago Auto Show
Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune
The newly unveiled 2012 Acura TL at the Chicago Auto Show Media Preview Wednesday, Feb. 9, 2011 at McCormick Place.
The newly unveiled 2012 Acura TL at the Chicago Auto Show Media Preview Wednesday, Feb. 9, 2011 at McCormick Place. (Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune)
New, exciting models are key to Acura positioning its brand better and recapturing market share.
Acura poised to regain strength with launch of the 2015 TLX sedan alongside MDX and RDX crossovers.
Acura's biggest challenge remains brand positioning: Why should somebody buy one over competitors?
Acura sales have been flat for over a decade, prompting a product onslaught highlighted by the 2015 TLX that began production on July 14 in Marysville, OH.
“It’s a very exciting time for Acura,” said Mike Accavitti, senior vice president and general manager of Acura at the car’s launch. “The company re-organized in April to put more focus on the Acura brand. Having great products is critical. Acura is important in Honda’s global strategy. We want to lead the way.”
Sales over the last decade have been stable, but not leading. Through June of this year, Mercedes-Benz, BMW, Lexus, Audi and even Cadillac have outsold Acura, which has about 1% of market share, according to Automotive News.
Acura is still ahead of Infiniti and Lincoln, but sells half as many vehicles as top luxury players.
LOS ANGELES — Honda is starting a costly marketing push for its Acura brand with a commercial set to a punk rock cover of "My Way" by Sid Vicious, highlighting the development of its delayed TLX sedan. ( Alan Ohnsman, Bloomberg News )
“Acura is a brand that’s still struggling to find its identity,” said Jessica Caldwell, Sr. Analyst, Edmunds.com. “They tried to move upscale to compete with the Germans, but the strategy hasn’t really worked. Sales have been flat from 2004. Acura was a desirable brand in the ‘90s. It was something everybody wanted, but has been eclipsed by other luxury players.”                 
Luxury pioneer
Twenty-eight years ago, Acura was the first Japanese luxury auto in the U.S. It delivered well-engineered and understated cars like the Legend and Integra that American and European automakers couldn’t match. Parent Honda’s reputation for quality helped Acura earn its famous calipers logo. 
“High quality, durability, and reliability have been a foundation of the brand since inception,” Accavitti said. “But, we deliver it in a way that’s centered around the driver, making it a pleasurable experience for him, her, or passengers they carry. It was a huge missile across the bow of existing players.”
Acura threw open garage doors that Lexus and Infiniti roared through during the 1990s.  Instead of countering with elevated Legends and Integras, Acura played it safe. An exception was the mid-engine NSX supercar that served Ferrari, Corvette, and Porsche humble pie dolloped with precise handling, comfort, and reliability.
Branded quality
Acura’s quality is reflected in stellar resale value. A five-year projected residual value of 45.4 percent made Acura the top-rated luxury brand in Edmunds.com’s 2014 Best Retained Value Awards. Honda won the non-luxury category. 
“It is very hard to win awards like that; very humbling,” Accavitti said. “We continue to lead the industry in developing vehicles with lasting value. That goes back to our roots of building great products that people want.”
If quality has not been an issue, what has?
Trading the Legend and Integra brands for Euro-style alpha designations presumably left customers wondering, “What’s an RL and where’s my Legend?”
The RL is a fine automobile, as is the RLX that replaced it. But, both lack clear identity and trail cars like the Lexus LS.
Could we get Legend back?
“There is a fondness for Legend and Integra,” Accavitti said. “Because the names were so strong, I continue to be asked the question. In the ‘90s, customers identified stronger with alpha-numerics as on Lexus, Audi, and even Cadillac. We do have a lot of investment in what an MDX is, what a TL is. But, you have to believe my team and I are noodling how we can leverage this passion someday.”
Since the beginning, Acura has been closely-aligned with Honda. Hurt or helped?

Acura over the yearsAcura over the years
Caption 2016 Acura NSX
The Acura NSX hybrid supercar will have a twin-turbo V-6 and three electric motors. It's expected to start at six figures.
The Acura NSX hybrid supercar will have a twin-turbo V-6 and three electric motors. It's expected to start at six figures.
Honda / MCT
The 2014 Acura MDX underwent a redesign, making it the crossover's third generation. (Honda/MCT)
The 2014 Acura MDX underwent a redesign, making it the crossover's third generation. (Honda/MCT) (Honda / MCT)
Caption 2014 Acura RLX flagship
HANDOUT / MCT
The 2014 Acura RLX, Acura's flagship, gets a thorough reworking for the new model year, most notably in size, growing 2 inches in wheelbase and 1.7 inches in width. Styling revisions both inside and out bring the car up-to-date, as do a host of driver assistance and safety amenities.
The 2014 Acura RLX, Acura's flagship, gets a thorough reworking for the new model year, most notably in size, growing 2 inches in wheelbase and 1.7 inches in width. Styling revisions both inside and out bring the car up-to-date, as do a host of driver assistance and safety amenities. (HANDOUT / MCT)
See more galleries
Caption 2013 Acura ILX
The Honda Civic-based ILX is Acura's first compact sedan since the Integra was phased out in 2001. It starts at $27,000 and the first model year was 2013
The Honda Civic-based ILX is Acura's first compact sedan since the Integra was phased out in 2001. It starts at $27,000 and the first model year was 2013
Caption 2012 Acura TL debuts at Chicago Auto Show
Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune
The newly unveiled 2012 Acura TL at the Chicago Auto Show Media Preview Wednesday, Feb. 9, 2011 at McCormick Place.
The newly unveiled 2012 Acura TL at the Chicago Auto Show Media Preview Wednesday, Feb. 9, 2011 at McCormick Place. (Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune)

Gilt s Founder Answers 4 Questions for Marketing InnovatorsWe are launching a new feature of our widely read blog Ernan's Insights on Marketing Best Practices. It is called:
4 Questions for Marketing Innovators.
The goal is to provide a quick read filled with meaningful insights from marketing thought leaders. Each column will feature one innovator who will address 4 questions:
What is one marketing topic that is most important to you as an innovator?
Why is this so important?
How will concentrating on this help improve the customer experience?
How will concentrating on this help improve the overall effectiveness of marketing?
The 4 Questions for Marketing Innovators feature will be a periodic blog.
Please send your feedback and ideas for people you would us to interview to ernan@erdm.com .
This inaugural blog will focus on Alexis Maybank, Founder and Strategic Advisor of Gilt .
In 2007, Alexis and a founding team conceived of and built Gilt, and in doing so, revolutionized the landscape of luxury ecommerce and the way millions of people shop online.
Alexis also serves as Director for National Audubon Society and for Girls Who Code. Alexis, together with Gilt co-founder Alexandra Wilkis Wilson, is the author of The New York Times bestseller book, By Invitation Only: How We Built Gilt and Changed the Way Millions Shop.
Gilt is an innovative online shopping destination offering its more than 9 million members access to top designer labels, at significant discounts and exclusive local services and experiences.
We caught up with Alexis at the recent DMA Annual Conference, where she was inducted into the DMA Hall of Fame.
Here are her marketing insights;
1. What is one marketing topic that is most important to you as an innovator?
Adding a "face" in the faceless world of the Internet.
2. Why is this so important?
Online we think about how we create a differentiated look or fulfill a unique promise to a customer.
However, it's equally as important to consider how we make our business relatable and identifiable to the consumer.
Technology can be intimidating, sites with a blur of offerings and pages upon pages of content can be overwhelming.
Customer loyalty is generated not just through an excellently executed customer experience, but also through a deeper connection to what the customer feels personally for your business.
At Gilt, here's how we approached it. As we set out to build this deeper personal relationship with our customers, my cofounder Alexandra Wilson and I put ourselves out there and made sure we interacted directly with our base on many fronts.
Firstly, each city we visited for personal or business travel we'd meet our 10-20 top customers. We heard first hand what they loved about Gilt, what they would like to improve.
The conversations soon turned to recommendations on travel destinations, favorite restaurants and even to our families or common passions. We realized that by having the two of us engage directly and frequently with our members, we started building a recurring dialogue with our customers, or in other words that "Face" we needed to emerge from that anonymous world of the internet.
We began to foster that dialogue in both small ways and in large ways. Smaller ways included series of local events in key cities where we could speak to hundreds at a time; we inserted personally signed thank you notes in all outbound boxes; and we made sure we too answered customer support calls and emails regularly.
At scale, we kept the conversation consistent across our social footprint, speaking to followers and friends alike about the same topics our customers enjoyed discussing in person. And importantly our customer support voice and tone also had the same cadence. We established a consistent voice and put in place key policies that sustained these practices, like having no time limits on customer calls or giving advice on any topic our customer wanted, regardless if it entailed an imminent site purchase or a hotel recommendation in a new city.
Our customer accommodation practices were geared to this same empathic, friendly relationship. These and many other examples of the touch points with the customer were carefully thought out and consistent with who we were as a founders. We built a relatable "face" to the business, one that the customers could relate to, define and ultimately root for due to their deeper sense of connection to our brand.
3. How will concentrating on this help improve the customer experience?
By creating that recognized, trusted brand, the customer feels they have someone in their corner.
The right policies, advice and friendly person on the other side of an email and phone call builds confidence in the service and offerings the customer can expect.
Now it's not always possible to have a couple of senior members of the team that can be out there and really embodying and shaping your company's brand.
If that's not feasible, I have given the following advice;
Have you taken the time to solidify your company's values, or even it's mission and vision? What drives the operating principles of your organization? Having these understood, documented and shared broadly help unify an employee base and lead to greater consistency in how your clients and customers interact with you, the company.
Secondly, if you think of your brand, what type of person would s/he be? How would s/he present herself, what characteristics would she have, and what would she care about? To me, these, and others, are useful exercises that inform many of your key practices and policies that are critical to bringing your brand to life in trusted, animated and consistent manner. They can help create a relatable face.
4. How will concentrating on this help improve the overall effectiveness of marketing?
It's difficult to engender loyalty and a personal connection from customers in a strictly online world, however it's critically important to try. With all the noise and distractions online, and without the benefit of that personal handshake or eye contact, it's harder to create a relatable, lasting bond with a person. If you can achieve it, you can establish a truly original brand, a sense of personal connection. Through the relationship we at Gilt established with our customers, we could confidently, empathetically and personally open a window to the fantastic for our customers each and every day.
Ernan Roman is president of ERDM . ERDM conducts Voice of Customer (VoC) research to identify high impact Customer Experience strategies. Inducted into the Marketing Hall of Fame due to results clients achieve with ERDM's VoC research driven strategies. Clients include IBM, MassMutual, Microsoft, NortonAntivirus, QVC and NBC. Roman is the author of Voice of the Customer Marketing and of the Huffington Post published blog, Ernan's Insights on Marketing Best Practices.
Named by the Online Marketing Institute as one of the "2014 Top 40 Digital Luminaries" and by Crain's BtoB Magazine as one of the "100 most influential people in Business Marketing".

Virgin Galactics crafts pilots were close friendsBy Christian Davenport and Jöel Glenn Brenner November 3 Follow @_chrisdavenport
Pilot Michael Alsbury was killed in the Virgin SpaceShipTwo crash in Mojave Desert over the California on October 31. (Photo by David McNew/Getty Images)
They were close friends whose children often played together on weekends and who had spent thousands of hours screaming through the sky.
Peter Siebold was a naturally gifted flier whose father, who owned a plane, would perch him on a stack of pillows in the cockpit when he was five so he could experience the thrill of flight as if he were the pilot.
Michael Alsbury, like his friend, also was largely a self-taught flying obsessive, wanting his pilot’s license far more than his driver’s permit.
They were engineers with degrees from the same university and test pilots working for the same company. And on Friday they were pushing the frontier of commercial space travel together when their Virgin Galactic spacecraft crashed in the Mojave Desert, killing Alsbury, 39, and sending Siebold, 43, to the hospital with an injury to his shoulder.
The crash is being investigated by the National Transportation Safety Board, which said it has an unusually rich trove of data and resources to mine. At a news conference Sunday night, the NTSB’s chief investigator raised the possibility of pilot error, saying the co-pilot unlocked a mechanism that enabled the back half of the spaceship’s wing — the part known as the feather — to bend along its hinge at the wrong time and speed.
While stressing that investigators have not determined the cause of the crash of the Virgin spacecraft known as SpaceShip­Two, Christopher A. Hart, the acting director of the NTSB, said there was no sign of an engine failure, fire or explosion. At another news conference late Monday, Hart said debris had been found as far away at 35 miles from the crash site.
Federal investigators have an early sense of what went wrong before an experimental spaceship broke apart during a test flight. But they still don't know why the craft prematurely shifted its shape prior to the deadly crash. (AP)
Employees at Scaled Composites, the firm that designed the space plane, on Friday were able to watch video camera feeds from inside the cockpit and outside the spaceship during its flight.
“There are dozens of reasons why mistakes like this one could be made,” said another Scaled test pilot.
That pilot went on to explain that there was a rule that anyone flying the spaceship could not re-configure the vehicle without the verbal acknowledgment of both pilot and co-pilot. It is unclear whether that protocol was followed. Normally, the co-pilot would announce when Mach 1.4 had been reached — the proper speed to unlock the feather. The pilot would acknowledge and command the co-pilot to unlock the feather. Once the feather was unlocked, the co-pilot would announce the maneuver had been completed.
A number of sources, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the company has forbidden interviews with the media, described seeing Alsbury unlock the feather and then appear to realize there was an error, moving quickly as if he was trying to shut off the motor, but it was too late.
These sources said that within the company, there is a growing recognition that Alsbury, the co-pilot, unlocked the feather early, although it is not clear why. Colleagues say Alsbury was one of the sharpest test pilots on the team, with more than 1,600 hours of flight experience in more than nine different aircraft.
Photos appear to show the dramatic midair explosion of the Virgin Galactic passenger spaceship before its deadly crash. (Reuters)
The first 15 seconds of the burn are incredibly chaotic for the pilot and co-pilot. Lighting the rocket motor is akin to opening the gate at a rodeo — the bull starts bucking and the pilot is just along for the ride, tossed back into the seat with three times the force of gravity and pushed down with even more force.
During this period, the pilot and co-pilot go through their flight-test cards, performing a number of “housekeeping” duties meant to prepare the ship for the remainder of the flight.
The feather is critical for the plane’s descent back to Earth, when the engine automatically shuts off and the plane glides down. The feather allows it to descend without building up too much speed or too much heat, and it also ensures the spaceship stays right-side up.
But unlock the feather too soon — as Hart says Alsbury probably did at Mach 1.0 — and the results are catastrophic.
In an interview Monday, Hart said the agency’s probe would be exhaustive and look at the pilots’ training, fatigue levels and experience. He said that because it was a test flight, the NTSB had lots of witnesses, camera footage and data that would help it “find out what went wrong and how to prevent it from happening again.”
“There’s much more that we don’t know,” he said Sunday night at a news conference when asked if there was pilot error. “I’m not saying this was the cause,” he said repeatedly.
As long as humans have pushed the limits of flight, there have been accidents, many fatal. And the progress of the past century has been advanced by failure as much as success, aerospace officials said.
Most test pilots are not the reckless adventurers they are made out to be, said Ron Kaplan, the enshrinement director for the National Aviation Hall of Fame.
“They are actually the polar opposite,” he said. “They are very methodical and very well trained, and the risks that are taken are clearly calculated risks. But that said, the price of progress and the cost of being on the cutting edge, unfortunately, is sometimes counted in lives.”
Siebold greatly admired aeronautical pioneers — from the Wright Brothers and Glenn Curtiss to Chuck Yeager. He was so eager to work for Scaled Composites that he left California Polytechnic State University without his degree. He wanted to work for another of his heroes, Scaled Composites’ founder Burt Rutan, an engineer heralded for designing strong but lightweight aircraft. And soon Siebold landed the coveted job of test pilot.
Alsbury also wanted to work at Scaled Composites to follow the footsteps of Rutan. He began as a flight-test engineer and worked his way to being a test pilot. He became a certified flight instructor and learned as much as he could to prove his flying skills. Just before Rutan retired, his last program was a flying car, and Alsbury was picked as the test pilot for the vehicle.
Fred Barbash and Drew Harwell contributed
Christian Davenport covers federal contracting for The Post's Financial desk. He joined The Post in 2000 and has served as an editor on the Metro desk and as a reporter covering military affairs. He is the author of "As You Were: To War and Back with the Black Hawk Battalion of the Virginia National Guard."

Raising the minimum wage makes moral sense'Raising the minimum wage makes moral sense'
'Raising the minimum wage makes moral sense'
Katelyn Johnson, executive director of Action Now, discusses the minimum wage referendum at a press conference Wednesday.
Katelyn Johnson, executive director of Action Now, discusses the minimum wage referendum at a press conference Wednesday.

2014 Election Lesson: Politics Is About Delivering for Your ConstituentsPolitics is about delivering for your constituents. Underneath it all, this election was a statement by people against an economy that is not working for them.
We've heard the story but here it is again.
Most people say the country is still in a recession as far as their own life is concerned.
All the gains of the recovery went to the top 10 percent.
Middle-class incomes are down.
The new jobs in the economy pay less than the jobs people lost.
People are not able to find good jobs. Lots of people have given up looking for work.
Student debt is at crushing levels.
Etc. Etc. Etc.
The Republican strategy since 2009 was to obstruct any and all efforts to make things better for people, and then campaign on people's dissatisfaction with things not being better for them. It worked. You can blame Republicans all you want, but the fact is they kept Democrats from delivering, and Democrats paid the price for not delivering. Democrats failed to deliver a better economy and a better life for most people, and voters held them accountable. Staying home and not voting is just as much a form of accountability as voting against Democrats.
However, the core of this is about more than just passing some bills, raising the minimum wage, providing some relief to the long-term unemployed. This is about the need for much bigger, transformational changes in the who-gets-what of our economy. The bigger picture is about deciding who is our economy for, anyway? Republicans say it is for the already-wealthy few. If Democrats are going to deliver for the people they are supposed to deliver for, they are going to have to face up to the core of the problem and do something about it. Until then ... well, we saw what happens.
Harold Meyerson brilliantly lays it out in " The Democrats' Catastrophe and the Need For a New Agenda " over at The American Prospect,
... [T]he Democrats' failure isn't just the result of Republican negativity. It's also intellectual and ideological. What, besides raising the minimum wage, do the Democrats propose to do about the shift in income from wages to profits, from labor to capital, from the 99 percent to the 1 percent? How do they deliver for an embattled middle class in a globalized, de-unionized, far-from-full-employment economy, where workers have lost the power they once wielded to ensure a more equitable distribution of income and wealth? What Democrat, besides Elizabeth Warren, campaigned this year to diminish the sway of the banks? Who proposed policies that would give workers the power to win more stable employment and higher incomes, not just at the level of the minimum wage but across the economic spectrum?
The economy is not going to get better for most Americans until some fundamental changes are made. It's a structural problem. The system is rigged for the benefit of a very few and their giant corporations. This is what has to be fixed before a better life can be delivered to most people.
It's the economic paradigm, stupid.
----

First Restored Victim of Corvette Sinkhole Goes on Displayfirst restored victim of corvette sinkhole goes on display
State Supreme Court judge appears to have narrow win in retention race0
A group of trial lawyers sponsored television ads, which started airing in late October, that said Karmeier was beholden to corporations. Karmeier's detractors raised more than $2 million starting in mid-October, led by two attorneys at Korein Tillery, a St. Louis law firm, who contributed $1.2 million.
Korein Tillery is involved in a class-action lawsuit against tobacco giant Philip Morris USA that is before the Supreme Court. The law firm had asked Karmeier to remove himself from the case, alleging that Philip Morris and other companies funneled money to business groups that contributed to his 2004 campaign. Karmeier declined to disqualify himself, saying he received no money directly from Philip Morris and has no conflict of interest.
After the attack ads started running, Karmeier received a boost from the Washington-based Republican State Leadership Committee, a national political action committee that backs GOP candidates in state elections. The committee spent nearly $1 million on television ads in support of the judge.

Officer who lost life defying Picketts Charge will get Medal of HonorBy Dan Lamothe November 5 Follow @danlamothe
President Obama awarded the Medal of Honor in a White House ceremony Thursday to descendants of Civil War soldier First Lt. Alonzo H. Cushing, more than 151 years after the Battle of Gettysburg. (AP)
First Lt. Alonzo H. Cushing was bleeding profusely from wounds to his abdomen and shoulder as thousands of Confederate infantrymen advanced on his artillery battery in the Battle of Gettysburg. At least one of his soldiers begged him to seek medical treatment, but he refused. He stayed on the battlefield another 90 minutes while under attack, ordering his men to keep firing their three-inch cannons right up until the moment that he was killed with a gunshot to the head.
First Lt. Alonzo H. Cushing, 22, was killed in the Battle of Gettysburg in the face of a fierce assault by Confederate forces. He will receive the Medal of Honor on Thursday for standing his ground, even though he already had been wounded in the shoulder and abdomen. (U.S. Army photo)
The Union Army’s ability to stop that assault by at least 13,000 soldiers — known as Pickett’s Charge, after a Confederate general who led rebel troops taking part in it — is a key part of the Civil War’s most iconic battle. But the heroism of Cushing, 22, on July 3, 1863, was not honored with the nation’s highest award for combat valor, even though 63 other Union soldiers received the prestigious decoration.
U.S. officials will rectify that Thursday.
President Obama is scheduled to award the Medal of Honor in a White House ceremony to descendants of the Cushing family, more than 151 years after the battle. They’ve passed his story down for generations with pride, but had not considered it possible that Cushing would receive the award, they said.
“His whole family was a very brave family,” said Jessica Loring, who is Cushing’s first cousin, three generations removed. “His mother would say, ‘Death before dishonor’ when she sent her sons off to war, and three of them died very young.”
It’s a highly rare, if not unprecedented, occurrence for battlefield bravery to be recognized with the Medal of Honor so many years later. Cushing initially was recognized posthumously with an honorary “brevet” promotion to lieutenant colonel, something that was common for officers at the time, said Mark Bradley, a historian with the U.S. Army Center of Military History. But officers rarely received the Medal of Honor at the time. Some other Union soldiers who were awarded the medal for actions at Gettysburg received it posthumously; for decades, no one nominated Cushing.
About 40 years ago, a woman who lived on a farm in Delafield, Wis., once owned by the Cushing family began asking why not. Margaret Zerwekh, now 94, learned about the soldier’s heroism while researching his family, and began compiling an application to nominate him for the Medal of Honor. She enlisted the help of then-Sen. William Proxmire (D.-Wis.), and later received backing from other members of her state’s congressional delegation. Then-Sen. Russ Feingold (D.-Wis.) nominated Cushing for the Medal of Honor in 2002, Army officials said.
Even then, the process took years.  The Army approved the nomination in 2010 , but the amount of time that had passed since Cushing’s act of heroism required Congress to suspend the statute of limitations on the honor. Legislation to do so  passed in 2013 , paving the way for Obama’s approval of the award.
Zerwekh and many members of the Cushing family had not met until this week, turning the event into something of an extended family reunion. Helen Loring Ensign, 85, of Palm Desert, Calif., will receive the medal from the president at the White House. It will be displayed in numerous locations afterward, including Gettysburg and the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, N.Y., which Cushing attended and where he later was buried.
“The idea is that it shouldn’t just sit on someone’s mantlepiece and just stay there,” said Jessica Loring. “It needs to be shown so people today can understand the price of making our country free and the sacrifice it takes. We want to bring Alonzo to life in what he did for this nation.”
The Gettysburg Cyclorama, painted by French artist Paul Dominique Philippoteaux, in 1883, depicts Lt. Gen. James Longstreet’s assault on July 3, 1863. In this segment of the cyclorama, 1st Lt. Alonzo H. Cushing is pictured in the center, leaning against the left side of the cannon. (Photo courtesy of Gettysburg National Military Park Public Affairs and released by the U.S. Army)
Although Medals of Honor awarded today require proof beyond a reasonable doubt of acts of valor, Bradley said it is difficult to determine the exact details of Cushing’s actions 151 years later. The standard at the time was not as stringent, however, and there is no doubt that Cushing faced a fearsome barrage and refused to give up his command.
“That area looked like a slaughterhouse,” Bradley said of the battlefield around Cushing, known as Cemetery Ridge. “There were dismembered horses… literally hundreds of Confederate dead and dying lying in front of the guns. This was not a sight for the faint-hearted, and that is where Alonzo Cushing spent his last hours on this hour.”
Two of Cushing’s brothers also are considered war heroes. William B. Cushing was a commander in the Union navy, and best known for playing a key role in the sinking of the CSS Albemarle, an ironclad Confederate ship. An older brother, Howard B. Cushing, was a soldier during the Civil War and later killed in a fight with Native Americans in the Apache tribe.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Asian shares slip as China concerns trump U.S. election optimismAsian shares slip as China concerns trump U.S. election optimism
Tokyo Stock Exchange
Yuya Shino / Reuters
Tokyo Stock Exchange staff members work at the bourse at TSE in Tokyo
Tokyo Stock Exchange staff members work at the bourse at TSE in Tokyo (Yuya Shino / Reuters)
By Hideyuki Sano
Philosophy Mario Draghi European Central Bank ADP Inc.
Asian shares and commodity currencies dropped on Thursday as investor concerns about a slowing Chinese economy eclipsed optimism over the U.S. outlook, while Tokyo stocks stepped back after posting large gains in a Bank of Japan-inspired rally.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.3 percent, led by declines in Australia and China, under pressure from concerns over slower growth the world's second-largest economy.
The Australian dollar flirted with a four-year low of $0.8606 hit on Wednesday while the Canadian dollar stood near five-year lows of C$1.1466 to the U.S. dollar.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed a seventh straight weekly advance on Friday as a better-than-expected jobs report indicated strong economic growth, but perhaps to the point where interest rates could rise sooner than previously anticipated. ( Ryan Vlastelica )
Many other commodity exporters took an even bigger hammering The Brazilian real flirted with its six-year trough hit last week while the Russian rouble tumbled to record low after the central bank effectively abandoned the trading corridor for the currency, by halting the multi-billion dollar daily interventions.
Reflecting the selloff, the MSCI's emerging market index is now at its cheapest level since 2005 in comparison to U.S. S&P 500.
"While I would put about 70 percent chance that the global economy will chug along, the fact that two of the BRICs bloc are facing problems do raise some caution," said Soichiro Monji, chief strategist at Daiwa SB Investments.
The regional weakness hit high-flying Japanese shares as speculators booked profits from their 8-plus percent rise over the past three days thanks to Bank of Japan's shock decision last Friday to expand its monetary stimulus.
Nikkei share average fell 0.7 percent and the dollar also gave up gains after having hit a seven-year peak of 115.52 yen.
Still generally solid U.S. economic data and expectations of business-friendly policies following the Republican Party's election victory underpinned the dollar.
0
Payroll processor ADP reported solid U.S. private-sector job growth in October, auguring well for jobs data due on Friday.
The U.S. dollar index against a basket of currencies held near a four-year peak of 87.606 hit on Wednesday. It last stood at 87.348.
The Republican win also helped to drive record closing highs on Wednesday for the Dow and the S&P 500 Index which both rose 0.6 percent, led by gains in energy and financial shares seen to benefit from light-handed regulations.
CHALLENGE FOR DRAGHI
The euro under pressure although the common currency could see a rebound if European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi scales back his readiness for more stimulus given reports of internal opposition to quantitative easing.
"I think it will be difficult for the ECB to adopt new measures now so the baseline scenario would be that Draghi will drop some hints of possible easing in the future," said Ayako Sera, senior market economist at Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank.
The euro traded at $1.2483, near a two-year low of $1.2439 hit on Monday, undermined by concerns that the euro zone economy could be slipping into recession and deflation.
Speculation that the ECB may adopt full-fledged quantitative easing, such as large-scale buying of euro zone sovereign debt, to cope with economic threats has pushed down the euro for months, even though few market players expect a decision on Thursday.
A Reuters report on Tuesday that national central bankers in the euro area plan to challenge Draghi over what they see as his secretive management style and erratic communication made many traders extra cautious about betting too heavily against the euro.
Speculators were eager to sell the yen instead after the BOJ last week surprised markets by enhancing its already massive quantitative easing.
A strong dollar undermined the case for investing in precious metals, sending the price of gold and silver to 4 1/2-year lows.
Gold fell as low as $1,137.40 per ounce on Wednesday, down 2.3 percent and its second-largest one-day drop so far this year. It last traded at $1,143.80.
Silver fetched $15.31 per ounce after a 4.1 percent fall on Wednesday.
Oil prices extended their rebound from multi-year lows after a fire broke out on Wednesday at an oil product pipeline north of the Saudi Arabian capital.
One security source said that the accident was "not the work of terrorists" while a U.S. security source said that the U.S. government assessment was that the fire was caused by faulty repair work.
Smaller than expected rise in U.S. crude inventories also supported prices. U.S. crude futures traded at $78.70 per barrel, off two-year lows of $75.84 hit on Tuesday.
Reuters

PM Modi likely to expand Cabinet on Sunday  6 new faces may be inductedYou are here: Home > Collections > Ministers
PM Modi likely to expand Cabinet on Sunday, Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, JP Nadda may also get into Cabinet
ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 07.22AM IST
Tags:
Anurag Thakur
(Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, Hansraj Ahir, Giriraj Singh,…)
NEW DELHI: Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi , Hansraj Ahir, Giriraj Singh, JP Nadda, Chaudhary Birendra Singh, Jayant Sinha, Ramkripal Yadav, Rajyavardhan Rathore, Sanwar Lal Jaat and Ramesh Bais are being considered for induction into the council of ministers along with Manohar Parrikar and Suresh Prabhu as part of the cabinet expansion that is likely to take place on Sunday, said senior government and BJP functionaries. Col. Sonaram Choudhary, Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti and Ashwini Choubey are a few other names that are being considered. At least a dozen ministers are set to be inducted on Sunday, said multiple sources.
ET learns that a few ministers might be relieved of the additional charges they hold while a few others could see a reassignment of portfolios. However, it is unlikely that any ministers could be elevated or dropped. The expansion, which could see more seniors accommodated as cabinet ministers would result in the decoupling of ministries and possibly mark a shift from the earlier strategy of creating clusters of ministries. The most high-profile decoupling is likely to be in the case of defence and finance.
Allies may also Find Place
Parrikar is likely to take over the defence portfolio. In addition, key ministries such as environment, telecom, and rural development, which were being held as additional charges, could now have standalone ministers. Jayant, who is the son of former finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is tipped to become minister of state for finance, while Prabhu might get an important cabinet berth, possibly rural development. BJP general secretary JP Nadda's name is doing the rounds as a possible environment minister.
Prime minister Narendra Modi is also likely to induct some representatives of the allies into the union cabinet. Uddhav Thackeray reportedly would suggest two names for induction into the council of ministers while YS Choudhary, legislative party leader of the Telegu Desam Party (TDP), too is believed to be a strong contender. A top party source said that Shiv Sena's feelers of wanting to remain in the NDA at least at the Centre, even if not accommodated in the state government, have been taken on board.
A top BJP official said the expansion tacitly acknowledged the fact that a lean structure does not automatically result in speedy and nimble decision making. "This was particularly felt during Parliament sessions, when ministers were snowed under by the quantity of work and multiple question hours they had to face," he said. The Modi government took oath on May 26 this year with a relatively smaller strength of 45 ministers, of whom 22 were of cabinet rank and an equal number were ministers of state, with 10 of them holding independent charge. This will be the first cabinet expansion since then.
FEATURED ARTICLES

He breathes life into woodUpdated: November 6, 2014 20:20 IST
He breathes life into wood
Suganthy Krishnamachari
arts, culture and entertainment
Kudanthai Chandhar talks about his tryst with wooden puppetry.
“There used to be a Harikatha exponent called Srivanchiyam Ramachandra Bhagavatar. He thought of getting messages across to his audience using visual aids in the form of puppets. Bhagavatar chose different kinds of wood for different dolls. Brahma, for instance, was made of wood from the mango tree and the demons, tamarind wood. A carpenter would carve out the dolls, and the eyes were fixed by a temple sthapathi,” narrates Kudanthai Chandhar, as he traces the origins of ‘Katta Bommalaattam’, the art of wooden puppetry. Chandar argues therefore, that the art owes a lot to Harikatha.
Wooden puppets are heavy and huge - two to four feet in height, and weighing between three to seven kgs. As ancient as the Tirukkural, the art of wooden puppetry has few champions today- Kudanthai Chandhar being one among them.
“Puppetry is an ancient art. Verse 1020, of the 102nd Adikaaram in Tirukkural speaks of puppets made of wood. The Silapadikkaram talks of paavai koothu. The Mahratta kings of Thanjavur encouraged all kinds of puppetry,” says Chandhar.
But how did Chandhar get interested in the art? “That’s a long story,” he says. “Mani Iyer of Kumbakonam Mangala Gana Sabha used to stage katta bommalaattam. As a school student I had watched his shows, and wanted to learn the art myself. But when I finished schoolg, I took up a job with the Railways, and work and other preoccupations kept me from learning puppetry.”
But the desire to learn puppetry kept gnawing at him. Learning that wooden puppetry was also popular in the villages in Omalur taluk in Salem district, he went there. The art had been kept within a handful of families in the villages and hadn't been taught to any outsider. But Chandhar's persistence paid off. The villagers overcame their initial reluctance to teach him the art. “The villagers considered the art so divine, that once a show was over, they would keep the puppets in the temple. There would usually be 14 people in a team. Those who lent vocal support did not manipulate the puppets.”
In 1980, he bought 11 puppets in Karveli village in Salem. This set him back by Rs.12,000. Eight skirts are draped around each of these puppets, so that when the puppet is pressed down gently, the skirts spread, giving the viewer the impression that the doll is seated. Mridangam and Mukha veena used as accompaniments. In the case of Thanjavur puppets, the dancing dolls are fitted with legs, but in the case of the Salem dolls, none have legs. The Salem puppets are manipulated using eight strings. The Thanjavur dancing dolls have ten strings.
Once Chandar learnt the art from the Salem villagers and bought some puppets, he began to give programmes. He chose social themes most of the time. He has done programmes on female foeticide, AIDS awareness, the importance of education for girls, travel as education etc.
Earlier, puppetry had been an art that had excluded women. Chandhar wanted women too be a part of his team. His ‘Kudanthai Chandhar Kalai Mandram’, which he calls “a social service cultural propaganda unit,” includes many women too. “My mandram is registered with the Information and Broadcasting Ministry – Song and Drama division,” he adds.
Later, when the Mangala Gana Sabha wound up, he bought their puppets too. This added dancing puppets of the Thanjavur tradition too to his collection. “The Thanjavur dancing puppets are manipulated to mimic dances like Bharatanatyam, karagam, poikaal kudirai, kavadi,” he says .
UNICEF asked him to do 100 shows for children orphaned by the tsunami. He manipulated the puppets to garland the children. “The children’s smiles are the best rewards I could have asked for.”
Last month, he did a programme for the Visual Communications department of Anna University, to show how puppetry, in many ways, was the forerunner of Tamil cinema. “Puppet shows were based on mythological stories. Dramas began to be based on these same stories. Early films drew inspiration from Tamil theatre. Again, if you take the case of shadow puppetry, it helped people understand how to use lighting in cinema.”
About a year ago, he sold his entire collection of puppets to the Ramakrishna Kattabommalattam company in Kongupatti, near Omalur. How could he bring himself to part with the puppets which he had collected with so much care? “It was difficult, but I had to. I could no longer rent a place in Chennai to house my puppets, because of the high rentals. But when I sold my puppets, I also included a condition in the agreement, that whenever I wanted puppets for a show, I could borrow them from the Ramakrishna Bommalattam company.”
The Ramakarishna Bommalattam company does shows almost every day in different villages for six months in a year. They camp in each village for a month, and stage ticketed shows everyday. The stories are the usual traditional ones like Abhimanyu, Karnan, Keechaka vadam etc. Do people come to these shows, when there are other distractions like TV? “They do. Daily collection is anywhere between two and three thousand rupees!”

CCI to take final call on Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal this monthfinancial and business service
Competition Commission is likely to finalse this month its decision on the USD 4 billion Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal — the first M&A transaction to have gone through public scrutiny amid concerns of adverse impact on fair competition in the market.
The big-ticket deal, which would create the country’s largest pharmaceutical company, has come under close scrutiny of CCI after it was found prima-facie that the “combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition“.
The Competition Commission of India, which is mandated to keeps a tab on unfair trade practices in the market place across sectors, is expected to take a final decision on the Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal this month, a senior official said.
The public scrutiny of the deal, which would create the fifth largest specialty generics company in the world, ended on September 24. Major issues being examined by CCI on the deal are with respect to the molecules market.
The combined entity would have operations in 65 countries, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, and a significant platform of specialty and generic products marketed globally. The deal, announced in April this year, is also the first one where the Commission sought public comments.
Announcing the public scrutiny process on September 4, CCI had said that the comments should be submitted to it within 15 working days. They were to be submitted along with supporting documents on the way the merger can adversely impact the person or the entity concerned.
The public consultation process was launched in order to determine whether the combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India.
“The Commission formed a prima facie opinion that the combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition and accordingly directed Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy (Parties) to publish details of the combination within ten working days for bringing the combination to the knowledge or information of the public and persons affected or likely to be affected by such combination,” it had said.
Prior to that, the fair trade watchdog had asked the two pharma majors to make public specific details of their proposed merger.

FDI in construction: Govt to issue clarifica...Amitabh Kant
(After recently liberalising foreign…)
NEW DELHI: After recently liberalising foreign direct investment norms for construction development sector, the government is expected to soon come out with some clarifications on the rules of the policy.
"We will issue clarification on FDI in construction shortly...it would be out in next 2-3 days," Secretary in the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) Amitabh Kant said on the sidelines of India Economic Summit here
He, however, refused to divulge details. On October 29, the Union Cabinet relaxed rules for FDI in the construction sector by reducing minimum built-up area as well as capital requirement and eased the exit norms to boost to cash-starved real estate industry.
In view of depleting FDI inflow in construction and real estate sector in last couple of years, the Cabinet decided to reduce the minimum floor area to 20,000 sq mt from the earlier 50,000 sq mt. It also brought down the minimum capital requirement to $5 million from $10 million.
In case of development of serviced plots, the condition of minimum land of 10 hectares has been completely removed.
It also permitted foreign investors to exit on project completion or 3 years from the date of final investment subject to the development of trunk infrastructure.
The government had said that the relaxation was necessary as FDI inflows in the sector, which witnessed a steady rise during 2006-07 and 2009-10, have started declining.
Between April 2000 and August 2014, the construction sector received FDI worth $23.75 billion or 10 per cent of the total FDI attracted by India during the period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LDprod / ShutterstockEmail
Like most everything else in our lives, gift cards are going digital. And Millennials couldn’t be happier. They like gift cards, but prefer digital delivery and storage to plastic cards that can be lost, stolen or left at home.
“Plastic gift cards can take up a lot of real estate in your wallet, electronic versions don’t, and I think that resonates with Millennials,” said Jeanine Skowronski, a credit card analyst at Bankrate.com .
LDprod / Shutterstock
If you give a Millennial a digital gift card this holiday season, she'll be happy and she can't lose it.
Millennials are more than twice as likely as older adults to lose a physical card, according to a new report from Bankrate. In fact, 40 percent of the 18-29 year-olds surveyed admit to losing a gift card.
Bankrate found that a majority (59 percent) of the gift cards on the market can now be delivered digitally, up 18 percentage points from 2010.
Most electronic gift cards have a 16 digit code or provide a web link. They can be printed out and taken to the store, used online or accessed anywhere via email or text.
Mobile gift cards are specifically designed for smartphones. They have a bar code that can be scanned at the register by the sales clerk.
The Bankrate survey found that for Millennials, who live on their phones, mobile gift card usage is double that of older adults.
The personal touch
Many digital gift cards can be customized with a personal message, photos or video, making them a perfect fit for a generation immersed in social media.
Video: TODAY financial editor Jean Chatzky offers advice on how to be smart about spending this time of year, including booking flights eight weeks in advance, and using  balances on gift cards to buy holiday presents.
“This age group is all about instant gratification, so sending them a digital gift card that comes on their phone and has a video that makes them laugh, that really resonates with Millennials,” said Shelley Hunter with GiftCards.com.  (Hunter has written A Guide to eGift Cards .)
Sending electronic gift cards is easier than ever. You can go to the retailer’s website or shop at sites that sell discounted gift cards, such as GiftCards.com , CardCash , Card Hub , Cardpool and Gift Card Granny . And of course, there are also apps for that, such as Gyft , GoWallet , Giftly , GiftFly , GiftRocket and Yiftee .
While growing in popularity, electronic gift cards are still a small part of the overall market. Just eight percent of the $85.8 billion spent on gift cards in 2013 was for electronic gift cards, according to the Mercator Advisory Group .
“There will always be plastic cards because there will always be people who want to give something physical, but every retailer of any size knows they need to think about mobile in the near future,” said Ben Jackson, a senior analyst at Mercator. “We’re just in the beginning stages. We’ll see some really cool things in the future.”
It’s what we want… again
Gift cards are the most requested holiday gift item again this year, the eighth year in a row that they’ve  topped the National Retail Federation‘s Holiday Consumer Spending Survey , ahead of clothing, books, CDs, DVDs, video games, electronics or jewelry.
Remember, all gift cards are not the same.There are two basic types: merchant-specific and general purpose.
Cards linked to a particular store rarely have a fee, but they can’t be used anywhere else. General-purpose cards, with a bank or credit card logo, can be used wherever that credit card is accepted.
Millennials, Generation Xers and Baby Boomers all told Bankrate they prefer to receive general-purpose cards.  Unfortunately, that’s more expensive for the gift-giver because these cards have a purchase fee.
For its report, Bankrate analyzed the terms and conditions of 62 widely-held gift cards. All seven of the general-purpose cards charged a purchase fee, ranging from $3.95 to $6.95. Only seven percent of the store-specific gift cards had a purchase fee.
A few things to keep in mind
“If you get a gift card, try to use it quickly,” advises consumer advocate Edgar Dworsky, founder of ConsumerWorld.org . “That way you won’t lose it or forget about it, and you won’t get hit with a maintenance fee that’s going to nibble away the value.”
Keep in mind:  Under federal law, a gift card cannot expire for at least five years after the date of purchase. Some states, includingCalifornia, Connecticut, Florida, Minnesota and Washington, prohibit retailers from selling gift cards that expire. These laws do not cover general-purpose gift cards sold by credit card companies.
Hold onto the card long enough for it to expire and any remaining balance typically gets turned over to the state.
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website.
Tags:

Archer Daniels Midland names Juan Luciano CEO0
Woertz will remain chairman until 2016, when she is expected to retire. Before joining ADM, she was in charge of global refining, marketing, lubricant, and supply and trading operations at Chevron. Last year, 14.5 percent of executive positions at Chicago's 50 largest publicly traded companies were filled by women, according to The Chicago Network's 2013 census report.
Luciano, an industrial engineer, will assume the CEO position in January. He joined the company in 2011 as chief operating officer, his current role. He previously was president of the performance division at Dow Chemical.
"Under Pat's leadership, we have made exceptional progress creating a high-performance, results-focused company," Luciano said in a statement. "My commitment is to build on that success by accelerating our pace of progress."
Don Felsinger, ADM's lead independent director, said Luciano's focus on delivering improvements in cost, cash and capital has resonated with investors.
In August, ADM moved its global headquarters to downtown Chicago. Last year, ADM was unsuccessful in convincing state lawmakers to approve a deal that would have allowed it to collect $30 million its employees would have paid in state taxes over 20 years in exchange for keeping its global headquarters in Illinois.
The location of a proposed technology center is still up in the air. The company expects to make a decision by the end of the year.

Colgate-Palmolive Q2 net up 18.31% at Rs 129.58 crColgate-Palmolive Q2 net up 18.31% at Rs 129.58 cr
Desai plans hunger strike for Gandhi statue ...You are here: Home > Collections
Meghnad Desai plans hunger strike for Gandhi's statue in UK
PTI Nov 6, 2014, 06.33PM IST
Tags:
Abraham Lincoln
(Desai will go on a Gandhian-style hunger…)
LONDON: Indian-origin economist Meghnad Desai will go on a Gandhian-style hunger strike to help raise "awareness" around GBP 1 million required for erecting Mahatma Gandhi's statue at the Parliament Square here.
Lord Desai, 74, who has set up a registered charity called Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Trust for the fundraising drive, announced his decision just as official planning permission for the statue came through yesterday.
"Gandhiji went on a fast for so many good causes so it seems quite appropriate that I also go on hunger-strike to raise awareness for this good cause," Lord Desai told PTI.
"The collections are going well but we have a long way to go before we reach the finishing line of an early 2015 launch. It will be a proud moment for all Indians and the followers of the Mahatma, all over the world," he added.
All statues at Parliament Square in London, which currently include Britain's war-time Prime Minister Winston Churchill and South African anti-apartheid campaigner Nelson Mandela, have been set up through public donations.
The Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Trust has reportedly raised around 100,000 pounds out of rough total of 1 million pounds required.
Westminster City Council granted planning permission for the sculpture commemorating the father of the Indian nation this week, marking the official go-ahead for the plans announced by Britain's Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg and UK Cabinet ministers William Hague and George Osborne during recent visits to India.
The bronze sculpture will be created by Philip Jackson and will show Gandhi wearing a shawl and traditional dhoti skirt.
Inspired by photographs of Gandhi on the steps of 10 Downing Street during a visit to London in 1931, the statue portrays him as "a thoughtful, determined, compassionate man", according to the documents submitted to the council in support of the application.
"There is no doubting that Gandhi is a world-renowned figure that should stand shoulder-to-shoulder with the likes of Nelson Mandela and Abraham Lincoln , who also both fought for civil liberties," said Richard Beddoe , Westminster City Council's deputy cabinet member for the built environment.
"Parliament Square has a long history of peaceful protest and democracy in action. As such, it is a more than suitable location for a statue to Mahatma Gandhi, and we are also pleased to see one of the best international sculptors in Philip Jackson on board to help deliver this project," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India wants to expand ties with Israel: NarendraModiPrint
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres expressed appreciation for the ambitious programmes launched by Modi.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 7:06 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 7:10 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday articulated his strong desire to further expand and strengthen India’s relations with Israel, both in traditional areas as well as in new areas of cooperation.
He conveyed this to former Israeli President Shimon Peres when he met him here, according to a PMO statement.
Peres congratulated Modi on his victory in the elections and expressed deep appreciation for the ambitious programmes launched by him for India’s economic and social transformation.
The Israeli leader said these programmes struck the right balance between respect for tradition and use of modern technology, the statement said.
Observing that India’s development and growth will be beneficial to the entire world, Peres said Israel is ready to partner with India in its development efforts and, in this context, called for greater collaboration in the areas of new and higher technologies.
He also shared his own vision of the way the introduction of new technologies would transform the human lives and the system of governance.
Modi said it was a great honour for him to meet Peres, whose life was a source of inspiration for the entire world.
He lauded the immense contribution of Peres to the world polity and the development of India-Israel relations, in particular.
Recalling his visit to Israel as Chief Minister of  Gujarat, Modi said following that he had promoted use of drip and micro irrigation in the state and also set up an incubation centre to support start-up companies with Israeli  collaboration.

http://usat.ly/1qrl2mgFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
U.S. productivity rose at 2.0% annual pace in Q3
Economists expected a 1.1% increase in productivity and a 0.8% increase in unit labor costs, according to the median forecasts in Action Economics survey.
Post to Facebook
U.S. productivity rose at 2.0% annual pace in Q3 Economists expected a 1.1% increase in productivity and a 0.8% increase in unit labor costs, according to the median forecasts in Action Economics survey. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qrl2mg
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
U.S. productivity rose at 2.0% annual pace in Q3
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 11:27 a.m. EST November 6, 2014
The productivity of US workers has risen modestly during recovery. (AP/Matt Rourke)
(Photo: Matt Rourke, AP)
30 CONNECT 50 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
U.S. workers' productivity increased more rapidly than expected in the third quarter as a solid jump in output offset a rise in hours worked.
Labor productivity, or output per hours worked, rose at a 2% annual rate. Economists expected a 1.1% increase, according to the median forecasts in Action Economics' survey. In the second quarter, productivity increased 2.9%.
Over the past year, productivity grew 0.9%, in line with modest increases since 2012.
Unit labor costs, a measure of wage growth, ticked up 0.3% at an annual rate after falling 0.1% in the second quarter. Economists expected a 0.8% rise. Over the past year, labor costs rose 2.4%.
"Without faster productivity growth, those higher wages will be mirrored by a pick-up in underlying price inflation," forcing the Federal Reserve to raise short-term interest rates sooner than expected next year, economist Paul Ashworth of Capital Economics wrote in a note to clients.
Productivity surged early in the recovery as employers hesitant to add staff squeezed more from existing workers, but it has increased more slowly the past couple of years as hiring picked up. Monthly job growth has averaged well over 200,000 this year.
Output, which largely reflects economic growth, also has increased modestly through the recovery.
The government said last week the economy grew solid 3.5% in the third quarter, though much of the increase was due to a sharp rise in exports and U.S. military spending.
30 CONNECT 50 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qrl2mg
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://usat.ly/1tLHPy1FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Qualcomm shares fall on news of FTC probe
Qualcomm shares fell sharply in pre-market trading Thursday following the tech firm's disclosure that a Federal Trade Commission investigation has expanded the company's legal woes.
Post to Facebook
Qualcomm shares fall on news of FTC probe Qualcomm shares fell sharply in pre-market trading Thursday following the tech firm's disclosure that a Federal Trade Commission investigation has expanded the company's legal woes. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u382rJ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Qualcomm shares fall on news of FTC probe
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 1:08 p.m. EST November 6, 2014
File photo shows Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf speaking at the 2014 International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
(Photo: Isaac Brekken, AP)
14 CONNECT 11 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Qualcomm ( QCOM ) shares dropped sharply Thursday following the tech firm's disclosure that a Federal Trade Commission investigation has multiplied the company's legal woes.
The major supplier of chips for mobile phones reported the FTC probe focuses on the company's licensing business, including potential breach of fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms. Companies commit to standard-setting regulators that they will license their patents on such equitable terms.
If a violation is confirmed, the FTC could impose a fine or order licensing practice modifications, Qualcomm said in the annual report filed after Tuesday's closing bell. The San Diego-based company said it was cooperating with FTC investigators, who notified the company about the probe on Sept. 17.
Shares of Qualcomm were down more than 11.3% at $68.43 in Thursday afternoon trading.
Qualcomm is also coping with the previously-disclosed investigation by China's National Development and Reform Commission of suspected monopoly practices. That probe, commenced in Nov. 2013, focuses on the companies licensing business and the manner in which royalties are calculated in Qualcomm's patent licenses.
Report: China to declare Qualcomm a monopoly
Additionally, federal prosecutors in Los Angeles and the Securities and Exchange Commission are investigating Qualcomm over possible violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Enacted in 1977, the anti-corruption statute makes it illegal for companies and their employees to make payments to foreign government officials with the goal of obtaining or retaining business.
Investigators in the SEC's Los Angeles office in March filed a notice indicating a preliminary determination to recommend a civil enforcement action against the company for FCPA violations, Qualcomm said. The company said it responded by filing submissions explaining why it believed there had been no wrongdoing.
Public company foreign bribery cases rarely go to trial - USATODAY.com
"We are fully cooperating with these agencies and believe our practices comply with the laws of our countries, but given that these matters are in their early stages, it is difficult to predict what, if anything, will come of them," Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf said during a Wednesday conference call with financial analysts.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u382rJ
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

India wants steps at G20 to cut costs on rem...India wants steps at G20 summit to cut costs on remittances
PTI Nov 6, 2014, 07.14PM IST
Tags:
Australia
(India, world's largest…)
NEW DELHI: India, which is world's largest recipient of remittances with $71 billion sent last year, will urge the upcoming G20 summit in Brisbane to work on steps to reduce costs in sending money home from abroad.
Giving a broad overview on how India looked at the summit of the grouping of world's 20 major economies, former Union Minister Suresh Prabhu, who has been appointed as Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'sherpa' for the deliberations, said New Delhi will also seek strong action on climate change.
"We have to work on this," Prabhu told reporters ahead of the two-day summit from November 15 which will be attended by Modi among other world leaders that includes US President Barack Obama.
Prabhu said the cost of remittances is a matter of concern.
In some cases, the costs of sending money to developing countries is as high as 10 per cent of the value of the remittances, he said, adding, efforts must be made to reduce the costs to less than five per cent.
India will retain its top spot with $71 billion in remittances this year as this flow to developing countries are expected to reach $435 billion, an increase of five per cent over 2013, according to the World Bank.
India has the world's largest emigrant stock of 14 million people, the bank said,
There are calls for Australia to use its Presidency of the G20 to cut the costs incurred by migrants wanting to send money home to their relatives in developing countries.
As the next round of climate change negotiations is set to take place in Peru in December, Prabhu said India will utilise the G20 forum to push for a strong action on this critical issue. G20 countries account of 90 pere cent of world's GDP.
"The negotiations should conclude faster," he added. Steps to increase global growth are also high on the agenda of the Brisbane summit with Prabhu saying India's contribution towards achieving this objective will be "quiet substantial".
"We will be contributing significantly in the coming years," Prabhu said.
The G20 nations aim to increase global growth by at least two percentage points over the next five years, but are yet to endorse a clear action plan to achieve the target.
Host nation Australia has been pushing for ambitious global goals to increase economic growth.
A communique issued at a recent meeting of G20 Finance Ministers in Cairns in Australia said there is "no room for complacency" and that the grouping's nations must commit to develop new measures to foster growth.
"We are absolutely committed to working together to deliver on our ambition to lift the world's economy by at least 2 per cent of GDP over the next five years, thereby creating tens of millions of new jobs," according to Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey.
Prabhu said the growth must not mean only rise in economic output but also create more jobs.
Prabhu, a former Power Minister in the Vajpayee Cabinet, said the G20 should continue to focus on improving transparency in energy markets, particularly gas markets and promoting energy efficiency.
  "We want changes in global energy mix. There should be more transparent changes in moving towards renewable and clear energy," he added.
Prabhu said the G20 will also have deliberations on issues relating to gas market.
"India has stake on this issue since it does not produce enough(gas) to meet its demand," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wall St. opens flat  Draghi remarks offset earningsWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

When it comes to leadership  Indian firms disappointHi Guest
When it comes to leadership, Indian firms disappoint
Multinational consumer goods company Procter & Gamble has been named world's best company in terms of leadership followed by General Electric and Coca-Cola in the second and third place respectively, as per a Hay Group study. The global management consulting firm on Thursday released its ninth annual Best Companies for Leadership Study and the Top 20 list on the basis of how these companies build and promote the development of great leaders. Others in the top 10 list include IBM at the ...

Goa CM Parrikar hints at joining Union CabinetGoa CM Parrikar hints at joining Union Cabinet
BJP leaders not serious about cleanliness drive: CongBJP leaders not serious about cleanliness drive: Cong
Cybersecurity firm IDs new Apple-targeting malwareCybersecurity firm IDs new Apple-targeting malware
Privatisation: 79 sick PSUs wait forJaitley s next movePrivatisation: 79 sick PSUs wait forJaitley s next move
NZ  India have forged strong business bond: NZ minister GuyNZ  India have forged strong business bond: NZ minister Guy
Axis Bank inks MoU with S Korean lenderAxis Bank inks MoU with S Korean lender
Lookback: 11 quotes you shouldn t miss from HT summitsDelhi - [ Min10°C / Max28°C ]     | city weather
Advertisement

Flipkart appoints Baweja as CFOUpdated: November 5, 2014 20:30 IST
Flipkart appoints Baweja as CFO
PTI
world wide web
Homegrown e-retailer Flipkart on Wednesday announced appointment of Sanjay Baweja as its Chief Financial Officer (CFO).
Mr. Sanjay, who in his earlier role was Global CFO for Tata Communications, brings with him over three decades of experience, having worked with large names like Bharti Airtel, Emaar MGF and Xerox ModiCorp, Flipkart in a release said.
It said in his current position, he will be part of the leadership team at Flipkart — contributing to the overall organisational development along with defining the strategic roadmap for profitable revenue growth for India’s largest marketplace.
Speaking about the appointment, Sachin Bansal, Co-founder and CEO, Flipkart, said, “Sanjay brings with him a rich experience of running financial set-ups across large and diverse organisations. His impressive background of successfully structuring the financial strategy of market leaders is going to be invaluable as we enter a pivotal point in our growth story.”
Flipkart said in a career spanning close to thirty years, Sanjay has gained expertise in areas of Corporate Finance and Budget Control, Controllership, Acquisitions, Financial Analysis, Strategic Business Planning, Tax Planning and Risk Management.
He has a Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce and is a Chartered Accountant and Cost and Works Accountant, it added.

Cognizant Q3 net up 11.2%Updated: November 5, 2014 20:29 IST
Cognizant Q3 net up 11.2%
Special Correspondent
telecommunication service
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp, on Wednesday, boosted its full-year forecast, after posting 11.2 per cent growth in net profit in the third quarter.
The New Jersey-based IT major posted a net income of $355.6 million, or 58 cents per share, in the third quarter ended September 30, 2014, against $319.6 million, or 53 cents per share a year earlier. After providing for stock-based compensation and other items, adjusted earnings increased to 66 cents a share from 59 cents a share.
Revenue rose by 11.9 per cent to $2.58 billion during the quarter.
“Our overall demand environment remains strong, and our results this quarter highlight that we are competing, winning and executing transformational engagements for clients in various industry segments globally,” Cognizant President Gordon Coburn said in a statement.
The company has also given a strong guidance for the fourth quarter and increased its full year forecast, excluding the impact of TriZetto acquistion. It expects fourth quarter revenue to be between $2.61 billion and $2.64 billion, a 2.32 per cent increase sequentially. It expects fourth quarter adjusted earnings to be at least $0.63 a share.
Cognizant now expects its full year 2014 adjusted earnings to be at least $2.57 a share, which is above the $2.54 a share it forecast in August. Full-year 2014 revenue is expected in the range of $10.1310.16 billion, which translates into 15 per cent growth.
The raised guidance comes after Cognizant in August cut its revenue guidance to 14 per cent growth from 16 per cent for the year, citing weakness at some of its clients and a longer-than-expected sales cycle for large deals.
Cognizant’s net employee addition for the quarter was about 12,300.
“There is a tremendous opportunity in the marketplace as the advent of new digital technologies, global economic pressures, and an evolving regulatory environment force businesses across all industries to change and adapt faster than ever before,” CEO Francisco D’Souza said in the statement.
“Cognizant is ideally positioned to help clients worldwide address these competitive challenges with end-to-end solutions that address their dual mandate of improved efficiency and of innovation using the latest social, mobile, analytics, cloud and sensor technologies,” he added.

Telangana  Andhra need funds post BudgetsE. Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 15:32 IST
Newly formed state Telangana presented its maiden Budget on Wednesday. Both states of Telangana and Andhra have now presented Budgets with no new taxes.
Incidentally, each Budget has an outlay of around Rs 1 lakh crore.
"Both the states have fiscal challenges to deal with so the focus in both cases will have to be on mobilization of resources," says Professor S. Galab, economist and Director of the Centre for Economic and Social Studies (CESS).
He points out that while Telangana has shown a revenue surplus of Rs 301 crore and a fiscal deficit of Rs 17,398 crore (4.79 per cent of Gross State Domestic Product), the Andhra government, in its Budget in August, anticipating additional assistance of Rs 14,500 crore from the central government in the context of the state's reorganization, estimated the revenue deficit at Rs 6,064 crore and the fiscal deficit at Rs 12,064 crore (implying a fiscal deficit of 2.30 per cent of GSDP and a revenue deficit of 1.16 per cent of GSDP).
In case, it does not get those funds, then it is estimated that the fiscal deficit figure could get as high as 7.2 per cent of GSDP.
The share of plan expenditure is higher in the case of Telangana at 48 per cent as against around 24 per cent in the case of Andhra.
"As the Telangana numbers show, this seems to be a move in the right direction with greater allocation for education, health and irrigation and welfare programmes. The focus on things like the price stabilization fund and mechanization fund in agriculture or focus on solar power generation, minor irrigation and plans for input subsidies have a developmental focus," says Galab.
Economist C.H. Hanumantha Rao, who has looked at the region closely over the years, feels this sector-wise exercise in the Telangana Budget - power, irrigation, education, health care and welfare - is a novel feature for a maiden budget of a new state.
The big challenges for both states other than resource mobilization will be handling regional disparities. According to Galab, there is an added issue here in Andhra since there are political and social issues also involved and those sensitivities will have to be kept in mind. On the issue of proposed farm loan waivers and the dent on the state finances, Galab said it still needs to be seen to what extent the budgets factor in the demands on account of the proposed farm loan waivers.
Finally, both the Budgets are interim and a clear picture of where the two states stand will emerge once the full budget is announced in February next year.

P&G  GE world s best firms in terms of leadership: HaygroupP&G, GE world's best firms in terms of leadership, says Haygroup study
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 17:02 IST
Tide laundry detergent, a product distributed by Procter & Gamble, is pictured on sale at a store in California (Photo for representation only. Source: Reuters)
Multinational consumer goods company Procter & Gamble has been named world's best company in terms of leadership followed by General Electric and Coca-Cola in the second and third place respectively, as per a study by management consulting firm Hay Group.
Hay Group on Thursday released its ninth annual Best Companies for Leadership Study and the Top 20 list on the basis of how these companies build and promote the development of great leaders.
Others in the top 10 list include IBM at the fourth place, followed by Unilever, Intel, McDonald's, Samsung, 3M and Hewlett-Packard, in that order.
No home-grown company featured in the list though almost all of those mentioned have significant presence in the country.
The top 20 best companies for leadership also include PepsiCo, Toyota, Accenture, Siemens, Telefonica, BASF, Johnson & Johnson, Citigroup, IKEA and Pfizer, ranked 11 to 20 respectively.
"This year's research shows that the world's leading organisations are purposefully developing leaders who will be able to drive innovation and transform their organisations," the global management consulting firm's Global Managing Director of Leadership and Talent practice Ruth Malloy said.
The report said around 80 per cent of the top 20 firms had established clear career paths for their employees , compared to only 48 per cent of all other companies.
"These best-in-class organisations are providing non -traditional, more diverse, career paths and training high -potential employees to meet specific business challenges and develop the skills required to help their organisations succeed in today's increasingly volatile, global environment," Malloy added.
At the top 20 companies, flexibility to respond to economic changes was identified as a top challenge for leaders over the next 12 months, along with the ability to capitalise on opportunities within emerging markets, the report said.
"Today, the capacity to meet challenges requires an unusual set of leadership skills and it is these traits that set the Best Companies for Leadership apart from the rest," Hay Group India Country Head Sridhar Ganesan said.

Goa CM Manohar Parrikar breaks his silence  says Party wants him to take a role at CentreParrikar did not disclose whether PM Narendra Modi had offered him the defence portfolio during their meeting on Wednesday.
By: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 6, 2014 7:28 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 7:49 pm
Breaking his silence over reports about his possible appointment as Defence Minister, Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday said BJP chief Amit Shah had asked him to take up an assignment at the Centre, if offered, and that he was willing to shoulder the responsibility.
Parrikar  also said though he does not feel comfortable about shifting to Delhi, he will take up the responsibility “if nation requires” his services.
“Party President Amit Shah spoke to me in the morning and asked me to accept any assignment that would be given by the Prime Minister,” Parrikar told reporters.
However, he did not disclose whether Prime Minister Narendra Modi had offered him the defence portfolio during their meeting on Wednesday.
“I want to give proper information as far as joining the cabinet is concerned. It is the prerogative of the Prime Minister. However, I would like to inform that the party has indicated to me that if such assignment comes, you should accept it,” he said.
Parrikar said if any offer had to come, it would have to be before November 9, when union cabinet would be expanded.
“The party would not have asked me (to accept the offer) if they (top BJP leaders) had not interacted with the Prime Minister,” he added.
Parrikar, who led BJP to victory in the 2012 Assembly polls, said he was not comfortable about having to shift to the Centre.
“I am not comfortable, I have too much affection towards the state. But rationality tells me if nation requires your services, I should take it. Whenever Goa wants my services, I will be there,” he said.
“One reservation (about moving to Delhi) is because I have been elected for a five-year term with a popular mandate. My feeling is unless I complete the term it is not right on my part to leave mid-way. If I get an offer from the Prime Minister, then I will let you know what are my reasons for accepting the offer,” he said.
Parrikar said he would be meeting BJP MLAs tomorrow to brief them about the development. He, however, refused to say anything about who would be his successor.
“There are many issues in deciding the successor… his capacity to deliver and to take everyone along. That is party’s internal assessment,” he said.
Meanwhile, top sources in Goa BJP said Parrikar will resign as Chief Minister on November 8, the day party’s central Parliamentary Board will announce the name of his successor.
“The announcement of the name of the new Chief Minister will be made in Delhi after the party’s Parliamentary Board meets on November 8 at 10 AM,” Parrikar said.
BJP has called a meeting of its Legislature Party at 12 PM to formally choose its leader who will be the Chief Minister.
Party sources said Parrikar will resign in the afternoon so that continued…

Pioneer launches HDJ-500 headphones at Rs 8 590Pioneer HDJ-500 headphones comes with a single sided replaceable cord.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 7:22 pm | Updated: November 7, 2014 7:24 am
Pioneer India has launched its HDJ- 500 headphone at a price of Rs 8,590 for home and club use. Capable of swiveling the right ear housing by 60 degrees and with a flexible headband, HDJ-500 enables DJ’s to listen with just one ear leaving the other exposed to the monitor speakers and crowd reactions.
Away from the club, if one wants to enjoy music on the go, the HDJ-500 comes with a single sided replaceable cord that plugs into the left side of the headphone. There are two kinds of cord, a 1.2 meter coiled cord which can be extended up to 3 meter for DJ’ing and a 1 meter straight cord for personal listening.
There is an effective sound pressure increase by utilizing Pioneer’s newly developed 40 mm (diameter) driver unit and by narrowing the ear pad opening. Pioneer HDJ-500 is available in five colour options- Black, White, Red, Green and Violet.
Specs:

Lenovo launches Vibe X2 smartphone for Rs 19...Lenovo launches Vibe X2 smartphone for Rs 19,999
By PTI | 6 Nov, 2014, 07.10PM IST
With a five-inch display, Lenovo's Vibe X2 smartphone has Android KitKat operating system, 13 MP rear camera & 5MP front camera & 2,300 mAh battery.
ET SPECIAL:
NEW DELHI: Chinese tech giant Lenovo today unveiled its new 'layered' smartphone - Vibe X2 - priced at Rs 19,999 in the country.
It will be available exclusively through eCommerce major Flipkart from November 10.
With a five-inch display, the smartphone has Android KitKat operating system, 13 MP rear camera and 5MP front camera and 2,300 mAh battery.
"Lenovo is innovating in the PC+ era focussing on smartphone growth opportunities. India is a prominent growth market for us," Lenovo Group Vice President AP Sales Head JD Howard told reporters here.
The device comes with a unique feature to allow users to click pictures by double tapping on their devices in sleep mode.
Lenovo has recently completed the acquisition of US-based Motorola for $2.9 billion. While the company will continue with Motorola brand in the US, it will have both Lenovo and Motorola devices in emerging markets like India.

Amit Shah asked me to take up assignment at Centre  says ParrikarComments
Breaking his silence over reports about his possible appointment as defence minister, Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday said BJP chief Amit Shah had asked him to take up an assignment at the Centre, if offered, and that he was willing to shoulder the responsibility.
He also said though he does not feel comfortable about shifting to Delhi, he will take up the responsibility "if nation requires" his services.
"Party President Amit Shah spoke to me in the morning and asked me to accept any assignment that would be given by the Prime Minister,"
Parrikar told reporters. However, he did not disclose whether Prime Minister Narendra Modi had offered him the defence portfolio during their meeting on Wednesday.
"I want to give proper information as far as joining the cabinet is concerned. It is the prerogative of the Prime Minister. However, I would like to inform that the party has indicated to me that if such assignment comes, you should accept it," he said.
Parrikar said if any offer had to come, it would have to be before November 9, when union cabinet would be expanded. "The party would not have asked me (to accept the offer) if they (top BJP leaders) had not interacted with the Prime Minister," he added.
Parrikar, who led BJP to victory in the 2012 Assembly polls, said he was not comfortable about having to shift to the Centre. "I am not comfortable, I have too much affection towards the state. But rationality tells me if nation requires your services, I should take it.
Whenever Goa wants my services, I will be there," he said. "One reservation (about moving to Delhi) is because I have been elected for a five-year term with a popular mandate.
My feeling is unless I complete the term it is not right on my part to leave mid-way. If I get an offer from the Prime Minister, then I will let you know what are my reasons for accepting the offer," he said.
Parrikar said he would be meeting BJP MLAs on Friday to brief them about the development. He, however, refused to say anything about who would be his successor. "There are many issues in deciding the successor... his capacity to deliver and to take everyone along. That is party's internal assessment," he said.
Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, who was minister of state in the Vajpayee government, is likely to become minister in charge of statistics and planning, the sources said. His entry will provide the Cabinet another prominent Muslim face, after minority affairs minister Najma Heptullah.
Jayant Sinha, who holds a Harvard MBA and is the son of for mer finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is likely to be inducted as minister of state (MoS), either in the defence or finance ministry. Nirmala Sitharaman may be promoted from MoS to Cabinet minister, likely in charge of the commerce and industry ministry, and give up her current additional role as MoS in the finance ministry.
Haryana leader Birender Singh, who had crossed over from the Congress to the BJP ahead of the Haryana Assembly election, is understood to be in contention for a berth in the council of ministers. He is likely to get independent charge of a ministry.
BJP’s youth wing chief Anurag Thakur, a Lok Sabha MP from Himachal Pradesh, and Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, who was instrumental in uncovering the coal block scam, are other probable candidates.
Bihar MPs Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a Brahmin, and Giriraj Singh, a Bhumihar, are also aid to be serious contenders for a place in the council of ministers. MPs from Uttarakhand and West Bengal may miss the bus again, said sources. Modi is understood to be considering lightening the burden of some ministers holding more than one portfolio.
Ravi Shankar Prasad (law, communication & IT), Prakash Javadekar (I&B and environment), Nitin Gadkari (rural development, road transport & highway, panchayati raj and drinking water) and Piyush Goyal (power, coal, new and renewable energy) are among the ministers who hold multiple portfolios. Speculation is also rife about changes in Rail Bhawan and in Krishi Bhawan. Given the PM’s motto of “minimum government, maximum governance”, the sources ruled out any large scale expansion. Modi’s present team includes 22 cabinet ministers and an equal number of MoS.

Pak policeman kills blasphemy suspect with axePak policeman kills blasphemy suspect with axe
AFP
print
A Pakistani policeman used an axe to kill a man arrested on blasphemy allegations, a day after a mob murdered a Christian couple accused of the same crime, officials said Thursday.
Tufail Haider, a 50-year-old from the minority Shiite sect of Islam, was arrested for allegedly making derogatory remarks about the companions of the Prophet Mohammed and brought to the Civil Lines police station in the eastern city of Gujrat on Wednesday.
It was the second vigilante killing over blasphemy in Punjab province in two days, after a husband and wife were lynched and their bodies burned in a case that sparked widespread horror.
"Tufail was kept in the lock-up but he continued uttering derogatory remarks and hurled abuse at policemen. He looked like a malang (wandering preacher) and seemed mentally imbalanced," duty officer Ali Raza told AFP.
"Assistant Sub-Inspector Faraz Naveed, 36, became very angry on hearing the derogatory remarks against the companions of the prophet and he killed the detainee with an axe in the lock-up."
Naveed has been arrested and legal proceedings have been started against him, he added.
District Police Chief Rai Mohammad Ejaz confirmed the incident and said Naveed had brought Haider into his own room and locked the door before killing him.
Sectarian violence has been on the rise in Pakistan, with mainly Sunni extremists targeting the country's minority Shiite community.
Around 1,000 Shiites have been killed in the past two years, a heavy toll on the community that makes up roughly 20 percent of the country's 180 million population, most of whom are Muslim.
'The worst brutality'
There has been a recent surge in extra-judicial killings linked to Pakistan's draconian blasphemy laws, which were put in place during the period of British rule and strengthened by military ruler General Zia-ul-Haq in the 1980s.
A furious crowd murdered a Christian bonded labourer and his pregnant wife on Tuesday for supposedly desecrating pages of the Koran in a village in Punjab, prompting condemnation, including from Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and the country's top religious body.
Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif described the couple's murder as "the worst brutality" and pledged to bring justice for their three children.
On Thursday, the head of a leading body of Islamic clerics pledged to monitor the case closely to ensure the perpetrators were punished.
Cleric Tahir Ashrafi, head of the Pakistan Ulema Council, said he would set up a commission to follow developments.
"Nobody has the right to hurl an allegation, set up his own court and punish someone in the most gruesome way," he said.
"Those who have committed this heinous crime have neither served Islam nor Pakistan."
Pakistan is a deeply religious country and blasphemy an extremely sensitive subject, with even unproven allegations sometimes triggering mob violence.
Rather than being punished, those who kill people accused of defaming Islam are often hailed as heroes.
The axe killing echoes the September prison shooting of an elderly British man with severe mental illness, who was sentenced to death for blasphemy in January.
An internal investigation found that the guard who shot the man had been radicalised and goaded into the attack by Mumtaz Qadri, a police bodyguard who murdered the Punjab governor in 2011 for suggesting reform of the blasphemy laws.

PMO asks Shiv Sena for 2 names to be included in Narendra Modi govtPrint
The offer of ministerial berths to Sena at the Centre is being seen as an attempt by BJP to humour the former ally into backing the Maharashtra government during the floor test. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 6, 2014 8:33 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 8:50 pm
Amid the continuing uncertainty over Shiv Sena’s participation in the BJP-led government in Maharashtra, the party on Thursday said two of its MPs would be inducted into the Union Council of Ministers when Prime Minister Narendra Modi expands it on Sunday.
“We have got a call from the Prime Minister’s office requesting us to recommend two names that we feel should be included in Modiji’s cabinet. Though we have several names, Uddhavji will send his recommendation by tomorrow morning,” a Sena MP told PTI, requesting anonymity.
The offer of ministerial berths to Sena at the Centre, coming as it does after Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis made it clear that no Shiv Sena minister will be inducted into his ministry before it wins trust vote on November 12, is being seen as an attempt by BJP to humour the former ally into backing the government during the floor test.
While BJP had insisted on Sena first helping it sail through the trust vote, the latter wanted at least some of its ministers included in the Fadnavis government before November 12.
Though both sides have claimed power-sharing talks were in progress, they have not yet been able to sort out the differences over Sena’s demand for deputy chief ministership and 2:1 share of ministries.
Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete is the lone Shiv Sena Minister in the Union Cabinet and the party has often complained about having been neglected by BJP at the Centre.
The Sena MP said though Uddhav would send the names of MPs to be included in the Union government tomorrow, it should not be “misconstrued” as indication of it being prepared to relent on its demands in Maharashtra.
“Please do not equate the demands made by our party to the Central and the state governments. Our demands are different on different levels. We are firm on our demands as far as the state is concerned,” he said.

Sunanda death: Police banking on social media conversations to unravel mysteryPrint
Last month, a three-member panel of AIIMS doctors, who had conducted the autopsy on Sunanda had concluded that she died of poisoning but had not mentioned the kind of poison.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 8:00 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 8:11 pm
With forensic evidence not providing much headway in the probe into the Sunanda Pushkar death case, Delhi Police is now banking on the conversations she had with various people including Pakistani journalist Mehr Tarar on social networks to unravel the mystery.
Police had written to Yahoo and Google, two platforms on which Pushkar had her email accounts, and also to Twitter and Facebook for details of her social networking pages.
Investigators have already received the desired information from Yahoo and Google while Twitter and Facebook have sought clarification from the police regarding what it actually wants.
According to sources, Yahoo and Google had provided information regarding Pushkar’s email and chat conversations with various persons on these platforms. They have also shared with Delhi Police the IP addresses of those, with whom Sunanda was in touch.
Based on the information, police has made a list of the people with whom the wife of former Union minister Shashi Tharoor had communicated and who may now be quizzed in this regard.
Investigators are of the view that the messages exchanged on various social networking sites will reveal Sunanda’s state of mind and also the circumstances in which she died and whether her tiff with Tarar had anything to do with her death.
Investigators also want to determine whether some of these mails or chat conversations were deleted. Three of Sunanda’s phones have also been sent for detailed analysis to extract the messages exchanged on BBM and whether any of them were wiped off.
Last month, a three-member panel of AIIMS doctors, who had conducted the autopsy on Sunanda had concluded that she died of poisoning but had not mentioned the kind of poison.
The board had also not explained so as to how the poison reached inside her body. Police has now sought answers of these questions from the doctors.
Sunanda was found dead in a five-star hotel in south Delhi on the night of January 17. Police has not registered an FIR in this case and an inquest proceeding under section 176 CrPc is on.
The probe into the case was handed over to the Crime Branch on January 23. However, the case was transferred back to the South District police two days later.

The temple yatris are getting youngerUpdated: November 6, 2014 20:50 IST
The temple yatris are getting younger
A. SHRIKUMAR
Tweet
TOURING TEMPLES: Holy shrines which were once meant for the old and the religious are now being visited by the youngsters equally. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOURING TEMPLES: Holy shrines which were once meant for the old and the religious are now being visited by the youngsters equally. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOURING TEMPLES: Holy shrines which were once meant for the old and the religious are now being visited by the youngsters equally. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOURING TEMPLES: Holy shrines which were once meant for the old and the religious are now being visited by the youngsters equally. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOURING TEMPLES: Holy shrines which were once meant for the old and the religious are now being visited by the youngsters equally. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOPICS
history
Visiting ancient temples is becoming a trend among young travellers
Thirty-year-old Tareshwar calls himself an atheist but he treks up the Himalayas along with other yatris during the Amarnath season. He watches the sadhus dance in trance, joins them sometimes or simply sits by the cave temple and gets soaked in the beauty of the mighty mountains. “I prefer historical temples which are more difficult to reach. It tests the endurance of mind and body and helps to strengthen my will power. There is a unique kind of peace at such places,” he says. Holy shrines and temples which were once meant for the old and the religious are now being visited by the youngsters equally. Whether it’s the utopian shrines up the Himalayas in the north or the millennium-old grand temples in the south, more young people seem to be interested in exploring the history and culture hidden in these places. Taking a break to tour ancient temples and talking philosophy, art and architecture is now as cool as going on a foreign trip.
While some prefer temples tucked away in the hinterlands that are less-frequented by pilgrims, some like to jostle with the crowds on the banks of Varanasi and Gaya. If it’s the art and architecture of the temples that attract some, the local stories and myths associated with the places intrigue others. Take Ajeet Rai, a 25-year-old Fashion designer who has done a round of the famous temples in and around Delhi. “I just returned after visiting all the shakti-peeths. They all seem to have inter-connected myths – the famous tale of Sati is narrated in parts at the places. This is going to be the inspiration for my next collection. I shall design the motifs based on the myths,” says Ajeet. “Last year, I went to Dwarka and a few temples around Gujarat, where I heard the famous fable of the destruction of the port city once said to be ruled by Krishna. Such mythological tales give a boost to my creativity. Most of my story-boards for the collections I design are based on these stories.”
Shubham, 27, a blogger, is someone who has a penchant for places connected with the history of Buddha. “Apart from Bodhgaya, which is famous, there are few towns related to Buddha,” he says. “I enjoyed visiting Sarnath where he gave his first sermon and Kushinagar where he is said to have attained nirvana. It helped me connect with the teachings of Buddha.” Apart from the spiritual aspect, young visitors believe that the good-old temples invariably have something interesting to deliver. Tareshwar who is crazy about reaching lesser-known shrines, refers to Kinnaur Kailash in Himachal Pradesh as his most exciting experience ever. “The climate allows you there only during a few days in August. For the rest of the year, the cold is unbearable. The experience can be compared to the one in Ladakh,” he says.
Young pair Chandan, 29, and Bhavana, 24, take out time every year to visit temples rich in architecture. From the cave temples of pattadakal and Badami in North Karnataka to the rock-cut Mahabalipuram, they talk about it all with much awe and enthusiasm. Bhavana, who is an interior-design student, says, “I observe the spaces inside our temples – the corridors, mandapams and parakarams – the lighting and ventilation in them.” She also mentions the Madurai Meenakshi Temple apart from Konark and Dilwara in the list of places she has visited. For Chandan, visiting historical shrines reconnects him to his roots. “The places I visit are both grand and humble, but they help me evolve constantly,” he says. “Also the concept of God and religion always has a mysticism attached which I am attracted to.”

Airtel launchesOne Touch Internetfor prepaid usersUpdated: November 6, 2014 20:57 IST
Airtel launches ‘One Touch Internet’ for prepaid users
Staff Reporter
telecommunication service
Airtel has launched a new internet services, ‘One Touch Internet’, to allow first-time users to discover the power of Internet on phone. With this, the company plans to increase its mobile data business from the prepaid segment. As of now, around 90 per cent of the customers are on pre-paid plans and only a small per cent of the overall pre-paid base uses mobile data services.
‘One Touch Internet’ is a WAP (Wireless Application Protocol) portal designed with a simple, secure and intuitive interface that is aimed to simplify Internet services for non-data users.

http://usat.ly/1xctgEsFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Airlines foresee 24.6M Thanksgiving passengers
Airlines for America predicts 1.5% more people will fly over the Nov. 21-Dec. 2 Thanksgiving holidays than last year.
Post to Facebook
Airlines foresee 24.6M Thanksgiving passengers Airlines for America predicts 1.5% more people will fly over the Nov. 21-Dec. 2 Thanksgiving holidays than last year. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u3a4bn
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Airlines foresee 24.6M Thanksgiving passengers
Charisse Jones , 11:10 a.m. EST November 6, 2014
Travelers walk under a sign reading "Happy Thanksgiving" at LaGuardia Airport in New York, on Tuesday, Nov. 26, 2013. Airlines for America, the U.S. airlines trade group, predicts 24.6 million fliers will board planes over 2014's Thanksgiving holidays from Nov. 21 through Dec. 2, 1.5% more than last year.
(Photo: Seth Wenig, AP)
168 CONNECT 70 TWEET 29 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
More people will travel on U.S. airlines this Thanksgiving than last year, and carriers are tapping into record profits to make sure there's enough room to meet the demand, according to a forecast by the industry's major trade organization.
Airlines for America predicted Thursday that 24.6 million passengers will fly on U.S. airlines domestically and internationally between Nov. 21 and Dec. 2. That's a 1.5% jump over the number of travelers who took to the air during the Thanksgiving period last year, or 31,000 more passengers on average a day.
Airfare shopping strategies for Thanksgiving procrastinators
"Demand thus far this year for air travel has been strong, and we expect that to continue through the Thanksgiving holiday period,'' said John Heimlich, A4A's vice president and chief economist.
Airlines are adding back seats and improving amenities, with the help of strong revenues, A4A says. The nine biggest U.S. airlines posted net earnings of $6.8 billion from January through September, an increase over the $4.5 billion earned during that period in 2013.
"Improving finances are enabling airlines to add seats to the marketplace and reinvest in the customer experience, in the cabin, at the airport and online, at a rate exceeding $1 billion per month," the highest level in 13 years, Heimlich said.
A4A says the busiest day to fly will be Sunday Nov. 30, followed by Monday Dec. 1, and the day before Thanksgiving, Wednesday Nov. 26. The least congested travel days will be Thanksgiving Day and Friday Nov. 28. And the busiest airports in order will be Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson, Los Angeles, Chicago O'Hare, Dallas/Fort Worth, JFK, Denver International, San Francisco, Phoenix Sky Harbor, Charlotte-Douglas and Houston's George Bush International.
Orbitz, the travel booking site, says those traveling for Thanksgiving will pay more to fly this year, with the average domestic round-trip ticket costing 2% more than last November. Their data was based on reservations made on the site for trips between Nov. 26 and Dec. 1.
But Heimlich said in his forecast statement that air travel  is still a good deal and competitive with other modes of transportation. "Airfare remains affordable and below 2000 levels when adjusted for inflation, even when including revenue for ancillary services,'' he said.
Orbitz says that travelers may find savings when they book a hotel, with the average daily room rate down 5% this Thanksgiving compared with last year.
And the top three destinations being booked this Thanksgiving, according to the website's booking data are Orlando, Cancun and Chicago.
168 CONNECT 70 TWEET 29 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u3a4bn
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014
Ready for your dream vacation?
Save time. Get connected for FREE to travel specialists. The journey starts right here at tripology.com
To begin, I'm interested in:
(Check all that apply)

U.S. Economy Expands at 3.5 Percent Clipu.s. economy expands at 3.5 percent clip
A Chicago work-readiness program that s workingChiConfidential My husband owns the coolest bow tie on the planet. Cc @tiebar http://t.co/GhWD3UbgfW
Free Spirit Media
Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune
From left, production coordinator Jackie Richter, founder and executive director Jeff McCarter, and program alumni Paris Brown and J'mme Love in one of the Free Spirit Media studios.
From left, production coordinator Jackie Richter, founder and executive director Jeff McCarter, and program alumni Paris Brown and J'mme Love in one of the Free Spirit Media studios. (Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune)
Free Spirit Media preparing CPS kids for jobs in video production
The do-gooders of Chicago spend a lot of time thinking about how to fix education and work-readiness programs, often seen as the only stairways to upward mobility.
For 14 years, Jeff McCarter has run one called Free Spirit Media. It has taken that long to build a jobs program professional enough to employ underprivileged youth and compete for business — just like any other company.
  Open link
This month Free Spirit launched Free Spirit PRO, a full-fledged video production division manned by staff and young adults, many of them alums of the nonprofit's training programs at Chicago Public Schools.
"We talk about it being win-win-win," said McCarter, 44, Free Spirit's founder and executive director. "They get an executive producer who is not going to let something go out that is not an A+. But the double bottom line is that they also feel good about the next win, which is we are developing talent that is diverse, that is from underresourced communities. And the third win is for us to gain revenue."

The Motivating and Scary Allure of Expressing Yourself in Your Workreddit
The thing with lines in the sand is that they create division.
What if you draw one and your audience, customers or the people you care about are on the other side of it? What if you offend or turn off the people you're trying to serve? What if people see the real you and your true expression, and simply aren't interested?
Most lines in the sand come from opinions on self-expression -- which isn't a necessity. I don't have to swear in books. I don't have to talk about feminism if it's not my job. I don't have to be public about my passions, pet rats, or vegan ramblings.
So why bother?
For me, it comes down to who I want to surround me. So if someone is offended that I think gay and women's rights are really just human rights (and just as necessary), then I'm happy to offend someone like that. I would not enjoy being hired by them any more than, as a vegan, I'd enjoy being hired by a butcher. If someone thinks I'm an uncreative writer with invalid opinions due to my occasional use of profanity, that's on them to find someone else to read, not on me to change. Dissent and critical thought are important, even if it's of my own work (it's encouraged even). But there must be openness to discussion and learning, and not closed-minded thinking and hate.
I'm often asked if being open about what I care about hurts or helps my business. To be honest, I don't know. Maybe I'd get more clients or sell more books if I shut up about certain topics or didn't express my personality as much. Or, as I'm often told, if I just wrote without cuss words because it's possible to write without swearing. And mostly I do actually write without swearing. So why not always do that?
While I don't know if being open and expressive helps the bottom line of my business, I do know -- for 100 percent certain -- that it attracts the type of people I enjoy working with and interacting with. There is no doubt that I attract these sorts of people, because it's easy for them to see what I stand for. And more importantly, they see themselves standing on my side of the line.
To (unfortunately) mix oceanfront metaphors, the line in the sand is a like a lighthouse beacon. Standing for something puts out into the world a set of beliefs that others can be drawn to. Yes, sometimes it can attract the pirates, pillagers, trolls, haters. Because that spotlight makes for easier target practice. But it also lets others who are like you, or relate to you, draw closer.
I always come back to the line in the sand. The line is what defines me -- as a person, as a creative, as someone who puts work out into the world. Without that line there's no difference between myself and any other designer, any other writer, or any other creative. The line is how and why I'm different. The line is how any of us are different. The expression we have, while not a necessity, speaks to who we are. Why not amplify that?
As someone who "makes stuff" for a living, I know that I'm responsible for what I put out into the world. So why not let it be a true reflection of me? I'm flawed, sometimes crass, opinionated as all get out, and I don't back down (to a fault).
I'm also often told that it's all well and good for me to be opinionated because I've already established myself in what I do. [Insert already having an audience, already having books that sell, already having web design clients, etc.] I would posit, however, that that's precisely what established me in the first place.
Not being able to compete with better writers, better designers, better programmers, better role models, I instead focused on just being myself, publicly. That way, the only one I have to compete with is myself. Not exactly always easy, but definitely doable.
Like most other creatives, I struggle with self-sabotage, self-doubt, and feeling like an imposter more often than not. I struggle with expressing myself, because it does sometimes feel easier or "safer" not to.
There's obviously a time and place for everything, though. I'm not going to go to an elementary school to talk about working in a creative field and drop f-bombs left and right (as funny as that might be to imagine for a minute). Or launch into a two-hour diatribe about pet rats on a sales call. But I'm also not going to hide who I am when the occasion calls for it.
What makes any of us us isn't our set of skills, experience or accolades -- it's how we use our personalities and self-expression in our work. Otherwise, we'd all be the same, with the same pitches for the work we do, the same books on the same topics, and the same everything else.
I'd rather succeed or fail as myself than do it pretending to be someone else, or worse, do it without infusing any of myself into my work.
So I'm going to keep expressing myself and drawing those lines in the sand. The alternative would both bore the heck out of me and be so un-motivating that I wouldn't want to continue creating.
Follow Paul Jarvis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/pjrvs
More:

Victoria s Secret  Perfect Body  ad stirs backlashVictoria's Secret 'Perfect Body' ad stirs backlash
Victoria's Secret launches 'perfect body' ad campaign, stirs controversy
Opposers say the new ads for their Body collection are sending the wrong message to young girls -- but this time, it's not for being too racy or sexy.
Opposers say the new ads for their Body collection are sending the wrong message to young girls -- but this time, it's not for being too racy or sexy.

Black money: SIT wants govt to tweak tax treatiesSIT suggests govt tweak tax treaties in black money case
Ashish Mehrishi     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 10:38 IST
The list in question has the names of 628 Indians with accounts in the Geneva branch of HSBC
The black money brouhaha is turning rapidly into a whitewash special. Part of the first report of August 2014 submitted by the Supreme Court appointed Special Investigation Team ( SIT ) to probe the issue of black money stashed in foreign banks reveals very little fire behind all the smoke, saying that 289 of the names in the list of 628 persons or entities holding accounts abroad have no amount mentioned against their name, and that no less than 122 entries in the list are repeats.
There is information about persons holding the accounts but no details regarding bank statements and account opening are furnished, the report states. The lack of information and absence of details about the amounts held by 289 account holders could become a stumbling block for investigators, sources say.
This dead-end seems to have prompted the SIT to ask the government to renegotiate Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements (DTAAs) with countries since it has often become an obstacle in addressing the issue. While probing the black money matter, the SIT received information under the Double Taxation Avoidance Convention by the Central Board of Direct Taxes relating to certain account holders in HSBC bank Geneva.
The SIT in its first report has suggested amendments be made to these pacts so as to address the main issue of sharing information on the amounts of money maintained in foreign countries by Indians. "The amended provision should ensure that there is sharing of information with the enforcement agencies which are competent to deal with these cases and try it, may be for imposing penalty," the report says.
It was the United Progressive Alliance first and the National Democratic Alliance government now that have repeatedly told Supreme Court of their inability to furnish more information because they are bound by the taxation agreements that forbid disclosure of names. SIT Chairman Justice (Retd) MB Shah and Vice-Chairman Justice (Retd.) Arijit Pasayat directed the Central Board of Direct Taxes to prepare a draft amendment to the DTAAs so that information is shared keeping the interest of the country in mind. The Chairman and Vice-Chairman have also asked the agencies to explore whether any action can be initiated within the existing framework if countries do not cooperate and are not forthcoming in sharing information.
The report does, however, drop a brand-new bombshell: eight cases that the Central Bureau of Investigation is pursuing (see accompanying box) have also come under the ambit of the SIT.
Mail Today had earlier reported that stronger laws and punitive measures are some of the ideas deliberated by the SIT in its meetings. "The matter needs to be taken up at the diplomatic level. We need to put pressure on some countries to get the treaties amended and get back the money," said a member in the panel.
SIT has also recommended legislative reforms: amending the Foreign Exchange Management Act as well as the Prevention of Money Laundering Act. "Greater openness and liberalisation in an environment of weak regulatory enforcing agency resulted in generating more illicit financial flows and black money in the country. It appears that regulatory laws have lost their deterrent effects," the SIT has observed in its first report.
The SIT also includes heads of Department of Revenue (under the Ministry of Finance), Reserve Bank of India, Intelligence Bureau, Enforcement Directorate, CBI, Income Tax department, Narcotics Control Bureau, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, Financial Intelligence Unit, Research and Analysis Wing and the Central Board of Direct Taxes.
Quoting a report on illicit financial flows by US-based Global Financial Integrity, the SIT noted that between 2002 and 2011 the total illicit financial flows in India were around $344 billion. Between 2006 and 2011 the illicit financial flow increased tremendously, reaching an estimated maximum of $84 billion in 2011.
Stating that illicit financial flows are the "most devastating economic issue" the SIT has listed under-invoicing, hawala transactions, drug trafficking, smuggling and bulk cash deals as most common methods of illicit financial flow. India is ranked fifth among 142 countries on illicit financial flows.
The SIT has recommended that the system needs to be more officer-based than its present clerk-based configuration, saying that the nodal agency for coordinating various departments could be the Enforcement Directorate and other agencies like Directorate of Revenue Intelligence; DG (Investigation) Income Tax could be notified organisations for taking action in cases of money laundering. Currently only Enforcement Directorate probes cases of money laundering under the PMLA. "Undisputedly there is a weak coordination among enforcement agencies. This could only be sorted out by a nodal agency," the report says.
WHAT THE PANEL HAS SAID IN ITS REPORT
>> SIT has asked the government to re-negotiate and amend DTAA
>> It has said that the amendment should stipulate sharing of information on accounts held by Indians
>> The amendment, they have said, should ensure that nations share information with Indian enforcement agencies
>> The HSBC list given to India in 2011 did not contain bank statements, account opening details etc for the 628 listed accountholders.
>> Nature of investigation search and seizure (142 cases), survey (8 cases), open enquiry (418 cases), suo-motu (17 cases), others including discreet enquiry in the remaining cases.
>> Report reveals that senior HSBC officials were pressured by CBDT officials to share information on Indian account holders, which is when the former suggested getting consent waivers from the people in question.
>> The CBDT obtained waivers from at least 174 account holders on the HSBC list; in 75 cases, a CD containing account details was obtained
>> Prosecution proceedings underway in 27 cases where account details were not shared.
>> SIT wants Enforcement Directorate to be given more power and made nodal co-ordinating agency.
EIGHT CASES REFERRED TO SIT BY CBI
>> The PACL Ponzi Scheme, better known as the 'Pearl scam'. The company allegedly invested `650 crore in five-star properties in Australia after cheating investors of Rs 45,000 crore.
>> The case pertaining to the supply of 87 Armoured Recovery Vehicles (ARV), wherein Ministry of Defence officials allegedly willfully ignored the lowest bidder. It is suspected that $2.3 million was paid in bribe.
>> Charges against DSQ Software Limited that it fraudulently allotted 1.70 crore shares worth Rs 147.5 crore during the period 2000-01
>> The rubber plant invoicing case from 2006, wherein Piyush Goyal of MV Enterprises is accused of starting the manufacture of reclaimed rubber by importing machines from China, loans for which were secured on the basis of fake bills issued by the company.
>> Fake Chinese suppliers case: RGR Impex Pvt Ltd obtained a cash credit limit of up to Rs 10 crore on import of electronic goods. Investigation revealed that in 2011-12, 23 advance payments totalling over $3.9 million were sent within four months to accounts of 10 companies in Hong Kong and UAE for the purpose of import.
>> Nafed money laundering case: It is suspected that Rs 233 crore was laundered. It is suspected that sellers/buyers were bogus Indian entities.
>> STC export-import case: The case against Rajat Pharmachem Ltd pertains to allegations that the firm cheated banks in collusion with State Trading Corporation of India. It was revealed that transactions were fraudulent, and neither import nor export of goods had actually taken place.
>> Ketan Parekh Scam: Share prices were driven up using bank money by Parekh for his own as well as the benefit of promoters. The devalued shares were finally dumped with financial institutions like UTI and LIC. An amount of Rs 4,100 crore was remitted to Mauritius-based entities, of which only Rs 877 crore was seen to have been brought back to India. The rest of the money was transferred from Mauritius to the United Kingdom and Switzerland.
(With inputs from Abhishek Bhalla)

Washington gridlock cannot get worseNovember 5, 2014 7:29 am
Washington gridlock cannot get any worse
Jacob Weisberg
Co-operation on some matters may make more sense than obstruction, writes Jacob Weisberg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/202dad30-6453-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian markets closed for  Gurunanak JayantiSensex, Nifty closed on account of 'Gurunanak Jayanti'
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 6, 2014, 08.42AM IST
Tags:
NEW DELHI: Indian stock market will remain shut on Thursday, 06th November on account of public holiday . Equity, forex and money market will remain closed on account of Gurunanak Jayanti .
At 08:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 56.50 points higher at 8,394.
The Nifty extended its winning streak for sixth consecutive session on Wednesday and closed at an all-time high as inflows continued on hopes of pick-up in economic growth in coming quarters.
The 50-share index ended at an all-time closing high of 8,338.30, up 14.15 or 0.17 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 8,365.55 and an intraday low of 8,323.50.
The S&P BSE Sensex ended at all-time closing high of 27,889.41, up 29.03 points or 0.10 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 28,006.60 and an intraday low of 27,886.50.
Present upside momentum still appears strong and may remain so till the time Nifty trades above the level of 8290. Only a move below 8290 may signal further correction till 8220 to 8200 range, say experts.
"However, the index has a key support placed at 8170 and as long as 8170 is respected as a support despite any correction the present move may even extend till 8460," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"The level of 8460 is the resistance offered by the upper band of an advancing Channel it has been trading in since May 2014 till date. Only a move below 8170 would signal weakness," added the report.
Overnight, U.S. stocks ended higher with both the S&P 500 and Dow advancing to records, after Republicans took control of the Senate, allaying fears of drawn-out runoffs and raising investor hopes for more business- and energy-friendly policies.
A stronger-than-expected report on the labor market also helped lift stocks, but some weak tech sector earnings weighed on the Nasdaq, Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 100.69 points, or 0.58 percent, to 17,484.53, the S&P 500 gained 11.47 points, or 0.57 percent, to 2,023.57 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 2.92 points, or 0.06 percent, to 4,620.72.
Asian shares were trading mixed. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.36 per cent higher at 16,996 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.23 per cent lower at 23,641.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.14 per cent higher at 1,933 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.60 per cent lower at 2,404.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fewer ULIPs! LIC loses market share this fiscal yearLife Insurance Corporation loses market share in first half
Sangita Mehta, ET Bureau Nov 6, 2014, 06.01AM IST
Tags:
DLF Pramerica
(Data released by regulator…)
MUMBAI: The absence of products and a scarce presence in unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips) have cut into the market share of industry leader Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India. Its share of policies sold in the first half of this fiscal year dropped to 72 per cent from 75 per cent in the corresponding year-ago period.
The insurance industry saw a 1.7 per cent dip in first-year premium collections due to the lower growth registered by LIC. Data released by regulator Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) showed that first-year premium collection stood atRs 49,178 crore in September against Rs 50,056 crore a year ago. LIC saw a 5 per cent dip in new business in the first half to Rs 35,833 crore.
Among private insurers, DLF Pramerica saw 386 per cent growth, mainly because of a low base. Private sector leaders ICICI Prudential and HDFC Standard Life logged 37 per cent and 31 per cent growth, respectively, in the same period. "As of now, we do not have Ulip products, but we expect it to be on the shelf by March this year," LIC chairman SK Roy told reporters on the sidelines of a recent event organised by ET Edge. Data released by rating company Icra showed that the share of Ulips in new business generated in 2012-13 in LIC's portfolio was less than 1 per cent against 35 per cent for private insurers. Areport by Espirito Santo Securities attributes lower premium collection by LIC to low availability of products, and a base effect as the company aggressively pushed life insurance products last year, highlighting service tax issues.
It further said LIC has just 22 products in the market versus 60 or so products earlier. Ulips have gained some gloss with the rally in equities. Such instruments allow the policyholder to choose the asset in which savings are invested and returns are linked to the performance of this asset. While traditional products require that the bulk of the investments is in government bonds, Ulip holders can choose to invest their entire contribution in equities.
Deepak Mittal, MD and CEO of Edelweiss Tokio, which saw a healthy growth of 63 per cent, said the industry is adjusting to product regime changes that took place in January. Giving the outlook for the second half, Vibha Padalkar, executive director and CFO of HDFC Standard Life, said she expects overall individual premiums to be flat with private industry likely to grow at about 10 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FIIs flock back to Dalal Street: Top five stocks they re betting big onAshok Leyland
(According to analysts,…)
MUMBAI: Foreign institutional investors continue to remain bullish on Indian markets. After net inflows of $10.8 billion in first two quarters of 2014, they pumped in $3.1 billion in the September quarter.
India's economic activity is likely to spurt once the Reserve Bank of India lowers interest rates next year. According to analysts, lower crude oil prices are likely to bring inflation levels lower and prompt the central bank for a rate cut.
The inflows have been negative in the beginning of fourth quarter as the US quantitative easing came to an end. However, monetary stimulus from Japan and other European nations are likely to lead to more inflows in coming months.
Following is the list of stocks in which FIIs have increased their stake in September 2014 quarter.
United Spirits:
Even as it reported standalone net loss of Rs 55.58 crore against a net profit of Rs 118.13 crore in the corresponding quarter last fiscal, United Spirits has been in an uptrend.
Its board of directors approved hiving off Palakad unit in Kerala and Malkajgiri unit in Andhra Pradesh. The proposal for monetisation of the surplus assets of the company was also approved.
The board also approved agreement with Diageo to sell Diageo's brands through all of United Spirits' networks. United Spirits will get distribution fees of 5-6 percent for this sale.
The board also approved reporting to the Board of Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) as accumulated losses of the company in FY14 resulted in erosion of more than 50 percent of company's peak net worth.
"Looking beyond 1QFY15 numbers where United Spirits reported a loss, parent-Diageo efforts now seem to be directed towards bringing about financial discipline," said CLSA report.
The brokerage sees the company's decision to sell manufacture Diageo brands on license as a positive. It expects the stock to touch Rs 3,560 per share in next two years.
Reliance Communications:
The bullish sentiment in Indian markets in 2014 gave opportunity to debt-ridden companies to raise capital through FIIs.
The company is one of the most leveraged listed companies in the telecom sector. It had a debt of Rs 35,500 crore as of August 14.
In June the company raised nearly Rs 4,800 crore through QIP route.
According to reports, about 50 per cent of the issue was subscribed by two sovereign wealth funds, a North American pension fund and one of the world's top three fund management houses. About 85 per cent of the overall issue was subscribed to by foreign investors.
"While RCom's recent fundraising has allayed some of our leverage concerns, we continue to hold our view that the company should consolidate its operations and re-focus on the India wireless business segment.
" Our EBITDA estimates for FY15/16 are lowered by 5 per cent/2 per cent respectively; however, our EPS forecasts are lowered by 69 per cent /44 per cent respectively on account of earnings dilution and updating of FY14 earnings.
The brokerage has retained UnderWeight rating on the stock with a revised price target of Rs 107.
 
Bharti Infratel: The telecom tower infrastructures provider's decision to sell 8.5 crore equity shares through offer for sale helped FIIs to pick-up stake in the counter.
The promoters of the company diluted their stake in order to comply with SEBI's minimum (25 percent) public shareholding norms. According to reports, the company raised Rs 2,143 crore through offer for sale.
The company reported inline results for quarter ended September 2014. It added 3,950 new tenants in 2Q which is its highest in the past two years. Average rental declined 0.3 per cent Q-o-Q because of increasing tenancy.
"We expect BHIN to report rental revenue CAGR of 9 per cent for FY14-17, driven by tower additions and improvement in tenancy. This should drive an 11.4 per cent EBITDA CAGR. We expect earnings growth to moderate to 15 per cent after about 32 per cent growth in FY15. We have raised our capex estimates in view of the higher growth outlook," said BNP Paribas report.
The brokerage has Hold rating on the stock with price target of Rs 270.
GMR Infrastructure: The stake of foreign investors increased in the company after it issued shares to qualified institutional investors and raised Rs 1,477 crore in July.
The company had sold its shares at Rs 31.50 per share, lower than floor price of Rs 33.14 per share.
Barclays Equity Research continues to see upside in GMR, despite factoring in capex overruns in its power plants and dilution from its QIP and warrants issue.
"The company continues to focus on reducing the negative impact of its corporate debt. With the recent equity issuance by way of QIP (INR15b) and issue of warrants to promoters (INR6b), GMR intends to reduce its corporate debt," the report said.

L&T results on Friday; net profit likely up 14%; what investors could watch out forYou are here: Home > Collections
Here's what investors should expect from L&T Q2 results due on Friday
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 6, 2014, 02.22PM IST
Tags:
L&T
(India's largest engineering…)
NEW DELHI: Larsen & Toubro Ltd (L&T) is scheduled to report its results for the quarter ended September 30 on Friday.
India's largest engineering and construction company is expected to report a 14 per cent YoY growth in standalone net profit number to Rs 984 crore for the quarter ended September 30, as compared to Rs 865 crore reported in the year-ago period, said an ET Now Poll.
The company did not report consolidated numbers last year so there is no year-on-year comparison available.
On a standalone basis, net sales are likely to grow by 12 per cent to Rs 13,731 crore for the second quarter of the current fiscal year, as compared to Rs 12,308 crore reported in the year-ago period.
EBIDTA is seen at Rs 1,500 crore, or a 26 per cent rise in the second quarter of the financial year 2015, compared to Rs 1,190 crore reported in the year ago period. EBITDA margins are likely to expand to 10.9 per cent as compared to 9.7 per cent reported in the year ago period.
Factors to Watch:
Expect Rs 35,000 crore of order inflow for Q2 L&T announced Rs 21,500 cr of orders in Q2 Hydrocarbons, Forgings, and Shipyard losses are likely to impact consolidated results Higher expenses, finance costs, high tax rates will impact PAT
Guidance:
20 per cent of order inflow for FY15 15 per cent revenue growth guidance for FY15
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra: Shiv Sena-BJP tug of war continuesComments
Trouble seems to be brewing between the Shiv Sena and the BJP again, with the former saying it will not be part of the state government unless a few of its ministers are sworn in before Sunday.
“If Uddhavji was graceful enough to attend the swearing-in ceremony, then the BJP needs to take a step ahead too,” said a senior Sena leader. The party has decided to hold a meeting at the Thackeray residence on Sunday evening, to take a final decision.
However, chief minister Devendra Fadnavis reiterated on Wednesday that the cabinet would be expanded only after the trust vote next week. This means no Sena legislator will be sworn in before the end of the special Assembly session on November 12.
Although Fadnavis did not specify when the expansion would take place, he clarified that no state-level BJP leaders were discussing power-sharing with the Sena. “Leaders in New Delhi are negotiating with them,” he said.
But, Sena MP Anil Desai dismissed Fadnavis’ claims. “I am here in Mumbai, but no one has spoken to me so far,” he told HT.
The Sena has demanded onethird of ministerial berths, along with the deputy chief minister’s post.
If the Sena decides to join the government, its 63 MLAs will add to the ruling party’s 121, to form a majority government. But the BJP also has the Nationalist Congress Party’s offer, to extend outside support to it, which is yet to decide on.
Meanwhile, an editorial in the Sena mouthpiece Saamana took potshots at Fadnavis over the Vidarbha issue, stating that the CM should concentrate on developing the region, instead of giving it statehood. “The BJP won hands down in Vidarbha. But, the party should not think the mandate was given to divide Maharashtra. Separating Vidarbha from Maharashtra is like separating a child from its mother,” the editorial said.
“On his first visit to Nagpur after becoming the CM, Fadnavis said Vidarbha will be carved out at the right time. Instead, he should have spoken about its development. He should have spoken about empowering security agencies in Naxal-hit areas such as Gadchiroli and Chandrapur,” the editorial said.

Investor confidence of India on an all-time high: Piyush GoyalInvestor confidence of India on an all-time high: Piyush Goyal
Ashok Leyland Q2 net at Rs 120.68 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Ashok Leyland Q2 net at Rs 120.68 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
Hinduja Group flagship company Ashok Leyland today reported a standalone net profit of Rs 120.68 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The company had posted a net loss of Rs 25.05 crore during the July-September period of the previous fiscal.
Net sales of the company rose 26.20 per cent to Rs 3,217.67 crore for the second quarter, as against Rs 2,549.62 crore during the same period of previous fiscal, Ashok Leyland Ltd said in a BSE filing.
For the first half of 2014-15, Ashok Leyland posted a standalone net profit of Rs 72.73 crore compared to loss of Rs 166.80 crore in the same period last year.
Net sales of the company increased 15.91 per cent to Rs 5,695.48 crore compared to Rs 4,913.43 crore in the same period of previous fiscal.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Cybersecurity firm IDs new Apple-targeting m...Apple Inc.
(Palo Alto Networks has discovered…)
Palo Alto Networks has discovered a new form of malware that may have affected hundreds of thousands of Apple mobile device users, largely in China.
The cybersecurity provider has named the malware WireLurker and said it monitors devices connected by a USB cable to an infected computer and installs malicious applications onto the device. The malware steals a variety of information from mobile devices, but the goal of its creator isn't clear yet.
Palo Alto Networks said that while the malware allows an attacker to collect ``significant amounts of information from a large number of Chinese iOS and Mac OS systems,'' none of it points to a particular motive.
The malware is ``unlike anything we've ever seen'' in terms of malware targeting Apple's iOS and OS X systems, said Ryan Olson , a Palo Alto Networks intelligence director.
``The techniques in use suggest that bad actors are getting more sophisticated when it comes to exploiting some of the world's best-known desktop and mobile platforms,'' Olson said in a statement from the company.
Apple representatives did not immediately respond early Thursday morning to requests from The Associated Press seeking comment.
Palo Alto Networks said late Wednesday that the malware is spreading through applications downloaded from Maiyadi App Store, a third-party Mac applications store in China. A total of 467 infected applications were downloaded more than 356,000 times over the past six months.
Shares of Apple Inc. slipped 48 cents to $108.36 in premarket trading Thursday about an hour and a half before the market open while Palo Alto Networks Inc. climbed 48 cents to $10.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Only Thing Not Flying This Thanksgiving Will Be the TurkeyOnly Thing Not Flying This Thanksgiving Will Be the Turkey
 
Nov 6, 2014 9:18am
Morning Money Memo…
Markets worldwide are mixed this morning, following a slew of economic and policy decisions out of Europe. The European Central Bank and the Bank of England both announced decisions to hold interest rates steady at current record low levels. European markets are lower on the news, while Asian markets are mixed for the day. Meanwhile, U.S. equities open this morning after record high closes on Wall Street Wednesday, with strong gains in the Dow and S&P following the results of Tuesday’s momentum shifting change in Congress. Futures are down slightly this morning. Gold and crude oil are slightly lower.
Holiday travelers line up for one of the TSA security checkpoints at Ronald Reagan National Airport in Washington in this, Nov. 6, 2013, file photo. Paul J. Richards/AFP/Getty Images
Nearly 25 million people will fly on U.S. airlines this holiday season, an expected 1.5 percent increase over last year’s holiday travel numbers. Airlines have been implementing various measures, from adding seats to improving amenities, in order to stay competitive with the increased holiday demand. If you’re travel plans include visiting loved loves for Thanksgiving, you may want to get an early jump on your flight this year. Thanksgiving Day and Black Friday will be the least congested days for travelers, while that weekend will be the busiest.
Mobile payments will get some fresh competition, with mobile giants AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon entering the increasingly innovative space. Softcard, a joint venture between the three cell providers, launched as a free mobile payment system for Windows phones and on Android devices. The app will allow users to pay by touch at many retailers, and is expected to compete with Apple Pay and Google Wallet.
Amazon is experimenting with a relatively low-tech delivery system. The Wall Street Journal reports that the tech giant has tested package delivery by taxi in major metropolitan locations, via the taxi-hailing app Flywheel. The move would further Amazon’s push to enhance package delivery speed, and to compete more directly with brick-and-mortar retailers. The company has reportedly been developing several alternative delivery styles, including establishing its own physical retail locations and being at the forefront of drone delivery technology.
 

Undertrials drug policemen en route from court hearing  fail toescapePrint
By: Express News Service | Jaipur | Posted: November 6, 2014 7:55 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 8:03 pm
Two undertrials on their way back from a court hearing in Mathura drugged five accompanying policemen with sedative laced sweets that were offered as ‘prasad’.
The sweets were delivered to the undertrials at the Mathura bus stand by an accomplice. One of the constables, who refused to have the sweets citing health reasons, alerted the Bassi police station when he realized that all the other policemen had collapsed during the journey and the undertrials were trying to escape.
Vinod, a resident of Agra and Dhiraj from Mathura, have been lodged in a Jaipur jail on charges of murder. They had to appear before a court in Mathura in an unrelated case on Wednesday and were escorted by six policemen. On their way back, they boarded a bus at the Mathura bus stand where an accomplice Rajneesh, handed the undertrials two packets of sweets. Vinod and Dhiraj offered them to the escorting policemen but they turned it down.
After the bus reached Dausa, the undertrials offered the sweets to two co-passengers as ‘prasad.’ The policemen fell for the trap and too agreed to have the ‘prasad’ but one constable, Sanjeev, refused citing health reasons.
After travelling a short distance the constable saw all his colleagues and the two co-passengers losing consciousness. He raised an alert in the bus and also called for help from neighbouring Bassi police station. An additional case was registered against Vinod and Dhiraj.

Goa CM Manohar Parrikar breaks his silence  says Party wants him to take a role atCentreParrikar did not disclose whether PM Narendra Modi had offered him the defence portfolio during their meeting on Wednesday.
By: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 6, 2014 7:28 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 7:49 pm
Breaking his silence over reports about his possible appointment as Defence Minister, Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday said BJP chief Amit Shah had asked him to take up an assignment at the Centre, if offered, and that he was willing to shoulder the responsibility.
Parrikar  also said though he does not feel comfortable about shifting to Delhi, he will take up the responsibility “if nation requires” his services.
“Party President Amit Shah spoke to me in the morning and asked me to accept any assignment that would be given by the Prime Minister,” Parrikar told reporters.
However, he did not disclose whether Prime Minister Narendra Modi had offered him the defence portfolio during their meeting on Wednesday.
“I want to give proper information as far as joining the cabinet is concerned. It is the prerogative of the Prime Minister. However, I would like to inform that the party has indicated to me that if such assignment comes, you should accept it,” he said.
Parrikar said if any offer had to come, it would have to be before November 9, when union cabinet would be expanded.
“The party would not have asked me (to accept the offer) if they (top BJP leaders) had not interacted with the Prime Minister,” he added.
Parrikar, who led BJP to victory in the 2012 Assembly polls, said he was not comfortable about having to shift to the Centre.
“I am not comfortable, I have too much affection towards the state. But rationality tells me if nation requires your services, I should take it. Whenever Goa wants my services, I will be there,” he said.
“One reservation (about moving to Delhi) is because I have been elected for a five-year term with a popular mandate. My feeling is unless I complete the term it is not right on my part to leave mid-way. If I get an offer from the Prime Minister, then I will let you know what are my reasons for accepting the offer,” he said.
Parrikar said he would be meeting BJP MLAs tomorrow to brief them about the development. He, however, refused to say anything about who would be his successor.
“There are many issues in deciding the successor… his capacity to deliver and to take everyone along. That is party’s internal assessment,” he said.
Meanwhile, top sources in Goa BJP said Parrikar will resign as Chief Minister on November 8, the day party’s central Parliamentary Board will announce the name of his successor.
“The announcement of the name of the new Chief Minister will be made in Delhi after the party’s Parliamentary Board meets on November 8 at 10 AM,” Parrikar said.
BJP has called a meeting of its Legislature Party at 12 PM to formally choose its leader who will be the Chief Minister.
Party sources said Parrikar will resign in the afternoon so that continued…

Pioneer launches HDJ-500 headphones at Rs8 590Pioneer HDJ-500 headphones comes with a single sided replaceable cord.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 7:22 pm | Updated: November 7, 2014 7:24 am
Pioneer India has launched its HDJ- 500 headphone at a price of Rs 8,590 for home and club use. Capable of swiveling the right ear housing by 60 degrees and with a flexible headband, HDJ-500 enables DJ’s to listen with just one ear leaving the other exposed to the monitor speakers and crowd reactions.
Away from the club, if one wants to enjoy music on the go, the HDJ-500 comes with a single sided replaceable cord that plugs into the left side of the headphone. There are two kinds of cord, a 1.2 meter coiled cord which can be extended up to 3 meter for DJ’ing and a 1 meter straight cord for personal listening.
There is an effective sound pressure increase by utilizing Pioneer’s newly developed 40 mm (diameter) driver unit and by narrowing the ear pad opening. Pioneer HDJ-500 is available in five colour options- Black, White, Red, Green and Violet.
Specs:

Link found between mothers exposure to air pollution and ADHDBy Ariana Eunjung Cha November 7 Follow @arianaeunjung
More than 11 percent of school-age children in the United States have been diagnosed with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, a rate markedly higher than a decade ago. Could air pollution be a cause?
A study, published in PLoS One this week and conducted by researchers at Columbia University's Center for Children's Environmental Health, of 233 non-smoking pregnant women in New York City found that children exposed to high levels of air pollution during pregnancy were five times more likely to have ADHD by age 9 .
(Bigstock)
The researchers measured levels of a common pollutant called polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons or PAHs in maternal and cord blood shortly after delivery and in the children's urine at age 3 or 5. The team followed the children until 9 years of age and administered two tests which are the standard for diagnosing ADHD. Of the 33 who had high levels of exposure as measured by maternal blood, 13 were diagnosed as having the ADHD hyperactive-implusive subtype, seven the inattentive subtype and 13 both.
PAHs are a group of chemicals that are used in making dyes, plastics, pesticides and even medicines  and in modern life they are pretty much unavoidable. Practically everyone in an urban environment is exposed every day through the air we breathe and food we ingest. However, as the researchers noted, "urban, minority populations in the U.S. often have disproportionate exposure to air pollution and are at greater risk for adverse health and developmental outcomes from this exposure."
Scientists have previously linked high exposure to PAHs in the womb with a number of other childhood problems, including developmental delays, reduced IQ and symptoms of anxiety and depression. It has also been linked to cancer.
"During the fetal period and early childhood years, the brain is rapidly developing and vulnerable to neurotoxic insults that may manifest as adverse outcomes in childhood and adulthood," the researchers wrote.
The rise in ADHD diagnosis has been one of the most controversial issues in pediatric medicine. Some have said they worry about overdiagnosis and how it has led many parents to medicate children as young as 4 years of age.
If the Columbia study is confirmed, it could help solve the mystery of what causes ADHD -- whether it's more genetic or more environmental -- which could eventually lead to ways to prevent it.
"Fortunately," the authors noted, "it is possible to reduce airborne PAH concentrations using currently available pollution controls, greater energy efficiency, the use of alternative energy sources, and regulatory intervention to control polluting sources."
Ariana Eunjung Cha is a national reporter for the Post. She has previously served as the newspaper’s bureau chief in Beijing, Shanghai and San Francisco, a correspondent in Baghdad and as a tech reporter based in Washington.

Community leaders pledge to push for minimum wage hikeLabor, community leaders pledge to push lawmakers to raise minimum wage
Caption Workers hope for minimum wage increase after referendum passed
Raise Illinois Action, a coalition of labor groups and community organizations, held a press conference on results of the non-biding referendum on minimum wage in Chicago on Nov. 5, 2014. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
Raise Illinois Action, a coalition of labor groups and community organizations, held a press conference on results of the non-biding referendum on minimum wage in Chicago on Nov. 5, 2014. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
Caption 'Raising the minimum wage makes moral sense'
Katelyn Johnson, executive director of Action Now, discusses the minimum wage referendum at a press conference Wednesday.
Katelyn Johnson, executive director of Action Now, discusses the minimum wage referendum at a press conference Wednesday.
Elections AFL-CIO
Labor, community leaders on minimum wage referendum: 'The working people have spoken'
Labor and community leaders on Wednesday pledged to push lawmakers to raise Illinois' minimum wage to $10 per hour after two thirds of voters supported an increase in a non-binding referendum Tuesday.
"The working people have spoken," Katelyn Johnson, executive director of Action Now, said at a press conference in downtown Chicago. "They are demanding a minimum wage increase."
Ill. voters support tax on millionaires and minimum wage hike
A majority of Ill. voters supported increasing the minimum wage and taxing millionaires on Tuesday's ballot.
A majority of Ill. voters supported increasing the minimum wage and taxing millionaires on Tuesday's ballot.
See more videos
Two-thirds of Illinois voters supported raising the state's minimum wage from $8.25 per hour to $10 per hour in January in a non-binding referendum. Lawmakers have introduced bills in the House and the Senate that would raise the minimum wage to $10.65 per hour in 2016. They will return to Springfield in two weeks for the fall veto session.
Johnson said the overwhelming vote in favor of the increase sends a strong signal to lawmakers.
"Elected officials need to hear it; they need to carry out the will of the people," Johnson said, adding that voters will remember casting the vote and will not wait any longer.
@brooken78 I understand that those from Gordon might beg to differ....
John the First
14
Kim Maisch, state director of the National Federation of Independent Businesses, which represents 11,000 small businesses in Illinois, said the state's current minimum wage is one of the highest in the country. The rate, she said, "has done very little to decrease poverty and hasn't helped create any new jobs."
Instead, NFIB would prefer to focus on helping people get the education and training needed to land jobs that pay more than the minimum wage, Maisch said.
Josue Barrera, who said he works two minimum wage jobs and still finds himself struggling, said his dream is to study mechanical engineering. But he said he finds it impossible to go to school and support himself when wages are so low.
"The real fight begins now," Barrera said at the press conference. Barrera said he campaigned with Logan Square Neighborhood Association to get people out to vote.
Illinois was one of a handful states with ballot initiatives to raise the minimum wage. Voters in Alaska, Arkansas, Nebraska and South Dakota voted to raise their minimum wage to between $8.50 and $9.75 per hour from between $6.25 to $7.75 per hour. In California, voters passed a referendum to increase the minimum wage from $9 to $12.25 per hour in Oakland and from $10.74 to $15 per hour in San Francisco. And voters in various cities and counties in Wisconsin approved a non-binding referendum to raise the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour. Wisconsin's minimum wage is $7.25 per hour. The results led the labor movement to claim victory on the minimum wage front.
"Despite some disappointing political results for millions of union members and all working families, the vast majority of Americans made clear they want an economy that works for everyone," the AFL-CIO said in a statement.

Career Education 3Q loss narrows on lower costsCareer Education 3Q loss narrows on lower costs
Stacey Wescott, Chicago Tribune
By Corilyn Shropshire , Chicago Tribune contact the reporter
Career Education stems losses despite enrollment decline
Shares of Career Education were down more than 4 percent in morning trading after the company said losses narrowed, but not as much as Wall Street would have liked.
The Schaumburg-based for-profit education company said it lost $48.1 million, or 71 cents per share, in the quarter that ended Sept. 30, compared with a loss of $80.1 million, or $1.30 per share a year earlier.
Wall Street was expecting losses of 57 cents per share.
Lower costs offset a decline in revenue, which fell to $227.5 million from $244.1 million in the same period last year.
0
The company, which has been battling declining enrollment, said it lowered expenses by almost 9 percent, or $26.7 million, in the third quarter. And while enrollment in its culinary arts schools, known as Le Cordon Blue North America, grew by 26 percent to 10,100 students, total student enrollment in all of its divisions for the third quarter fell almost 4.5 percent.
In addition to Le Cordon Blue North America, Career Education operates about 80 postsecondary schools, including American InterContinental University, Brooks Institute, Harrington College of Design and the International Academy of Design & Technology.
Chief Executive Officer Scott Steffey said the company is beginning to see some success in its efforts to stem the decline in enrollment. Declines in enrollment narrowed to 1,200 from 4,200 in the same quarter last year, he said. "Our University group has delivered over $55 million in operating income over the last 12 months and is expediting year-over-year fundamental new student growth which provides a strong base of support that anchors our future," he said.

G20 committed to global response to deal with cross border taxG20 committed to global response to deal with cross border tax
http://usat.ly/1wzHb7QAvg. weekly jobless claims slip to 14-year low
First time claims for unemployment benefits fell by 10,000 last week to 278,000.
Post to Facebook
Avg. weekly jobless claims slip to 14-year low First time claims for unemployment benefits fell by 10,000 last week to 278,000. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u3bH90
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
17
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Avg. weekly jobless claims slip to 14-year low
Doug Carroll, USA TODAY 9:11 a.m. EST November 6, 2014
People sign up for unemployment and other benefits in September in Atlantic City, N.J.
(Photo: Mel Evans, AP)
62 CONNECT 18 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 17 COMMENTEMAILMORE
First-time claims for unemployment benefits for the past four weeks are at their lowest level in more than 14 years,  the Labor Department said Thursday.
The four-week moving average of claims was 279,000, a drop of 2,250 from the previous week's slightly revised average.
That's the lowest level for that average since April 29, 2000 when it was 273,000. Economists watch the four-week average closely because it smooths out volatility in the weekly numbers.
But first-time claims for the week ending Nov. 1 also fell, dropping 10,000 to a seasonally adjusted 278,000 from the previous week's revised level.
Initial claims for unemployment benefits are a barometer of layoffs so declining numbers of claims is a sign of an improving labor market. Since June, weekly initial claims have averaged 293,000, well last year's average of 343,000. They averaged nearly 594,000 in 2009.
Other labor indicators also point to better climate for jobseekers.
Payroll processor ADP said Wednesday that private employers added 230,000 jobs in October, the sixth month this year that net additions exceeded 200,000.
Economists also are looking for solid gains in the Labor Department's October employment report coming Friday. Action Economics' survey shows their median forecasts are for combined business and government sector payroll gains of 230,000 and an unchanged 5.9% unemployment rate.
62 CONNECT 18 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 17 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u3bH90
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

PM Modi may appoint Parrikar as defence ministerAditya Kalra and Rupam Jain Nair        Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 22:01 IST
Chief minister of Goa Manohar Parrikar
The government will appoint a new defence minister, a senior party official and another source told Reuters on Thursday, in a move that would allow the current minister, Arun Jaitley , to focus on his main job of steering the economy out of troubled waters.
Since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took office in May, Jaitley has headed both the defence and finance ministries.
The new defence minister will be Manohar Parrikar, the chief minister of Goa, said Sadanand Tanavade, a general secretary of the state unit of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Another source with direct knowledge of the discussions said Modi had offered defence to Parrikar.
"He was offered the position," the source said, but did not confirm if Parrikar had accepted. Tanavade later said that Parrikar had accepted a central ministry position but that the portfolio would be decided in New Delhi.
Parrikar was not immediately available to comment. Another source, a senior official in the party, said the changes would happen at the weekend, and would include a new defence minister.
Such a move would free Jaitley to fully focus on Budget preparations and a series of free-market economic reforms he wants to implement, and follows an overhaul of his top team in the finance ministry in recent weeks.
Several of Modi's ministers have multiple portfolios, leading to concerns that the overworked Cabinet has not been able to fully tackle the problems the country faces.
In recent weeks Modi has reshuffled dozens of top bureaucrats, replacing many appointed by the last government with trusted aides from his home state of Gujarat.
Arvind Subramanian, one of the world's leading economists, was made chief adviser in the finance ministry.
Jaitley spent several weeks in and out of hospital after an operation to treat chronic diabetes and related infections. Doctors said he was overworked.
Like Modi, Parrikar has deep links to the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), a right wing nationalist organization that provides ideological guidance to the BJP and seeks a strong India on the global stage.
(Reuters)

Culinary trip up northUpdated: November 6, 2014 20:59 IST
Culinary trip up north
The Hindu An array of North Indian food at Up North Photo: Hari Shanker R.
The Hindu Crispy bhatoora Photo: Hari Shanker R.
The Hindu Dal Makhni Photo: Hari Shanker R.
The Hindu Soya Manchurian Photo: Hari Shanker R.
TOPICS
food and dining (general)
Up North, a new vegetarian restaurant at Vazhuthacaud, features authentic dishes from up north of the Vindhyas
Who can say no to a yummy feast of authentic North Indian dishes that includes parathas, phulkas and paneers? Karmachandran and his wife, Mallika Karmachandran, attempt to recreate the magic of authentic North Indian delicacies through their newly-opened vegetarian restaurant in the city – Up North.
“Our son Halas, a die-hard foodie, is the inspiration behind Up North,” says Karmachandran, who is a former army officer. “Halas, who used to work in the hospitality industry, is a big fan of North Indian delicacies. It was, in fact, his idea to set up an authentic North Indian restaurant so that he could have his favourite dishes whenever he is in town!,” he says.
Karmachandran and Mallika have pulled out all stops to ensure an authentic dining experience for their customers. “All our cooks are from the North and are well-experienced in a melange of North Indian cuisines,” says Mallika. “A lot of effort has gone into finalising every dish we have in our menu. From selecting the perfect ingredients for each dish, to ensuring the right cooking style, we have done our best to add a home-made touch to the food we serve,” she adds.
The beautiful abstract paintings on the walls catch my eye as I step into the neat a restaurant. I make myself comfortable in one of the cosy seats and scan the menu, which featured some of the popular dishes from the north. Dishes such as Paneer pakoda, Aloo chaat and kebabs were some of the appetisers whereas phulka, Punjabi paratha and Aloo paratha were listed under the breads section. Rice dishes such as steamed, fried and special fried rice were also available, along with biriyani, pulao and Dal Kichdi.
The menu also featured a neat assortment of paneer dishes, including favourites such as Paneer 65, Shahi Paneer, Paneer Tikka Masala, Paneer Manchurian and Paneer Makhni. There was also Mixed Vegetable Sabzi, Mushroom Masala, Malai Kofta, Gobi Manchurian and Paneer Manchurian, to name a few. The list of desserts was shorter – just Gajar Ka Halwa, ice cream and the irresistible Gulab Jamun.
Since most of the dishes were in the list of my favourites, I was at a loss regarding what to order. Realising my dilemma, Mallika suggested that I try out a little each of the restaurant’s popular dishes, which I happily accepted. Within no time, I was served a piece each of bhatura, phulka, Punjabi paratha, and Aloo paratha, along with a little vegetable biriyani. The side dishes included Paneer Makhni, Soya Manchurian, Dal Tadka and Dal Makhni.
The soft and crispy bhatura tasted well with the Paneer Makhni – which was easily my pick of the day. I simply could not have enough of the soft paneer chunks! Aloo paratha and the koftas were also worth mention. Soya Manchurian, prepared by simmering deep-fried, soya balls in soya sauce, was also quite palatable and went well with the breads and the biriyani. Too full for desserts, I wrapped up a filling meal, which was memorable for the balanced taste of the dishes and the authentic style of cooking.
Up North is located adjacent to the petrol pump at Vazhuthacaud. The restaurant is open between 11 a.m. and 11 p.m. Contact: 9846974271 or 0471-2338373

Guy Fawkes Night:  One solution  revolutionprint
Thousands of anti-capitalist protesters calling for revolution scuffled with police in central London and outside Buckingham Palace on Wednesday after marching on parliament.
Part of a 'Million Masks March' held in several world cities and organised by activist group Anonymous, the protesters tossed traffic cones, bottles and street signs at police and pulled down metal barricades.
The demonstration was held on the night of Britain's Guy Fawkes Night, and many of the marchers wore the white masks of the man who plotted to blow up parliament in 1605, now associated with Anonymous.
"One solution, revolution," the protesters chanted, some setting off fireworks as they faced off with lines of police.
A supporter of the Anonymous movement wearing a Guy Fawkes mask marches as part of the global 'Million Mask March' protest in Los Angeles, California on Wednesday. (Reuters)
Bonfire societies parade through the streets of Lewes in Sussex on Wednesday during the traditional bonfire night celebrations. Thousands of people attend the parade through the narrow streets until the evening comes to an end with the burning of an effigy usually representing Guy Fawkes who died in 1605 after an unsuccessful attempt to blow up the Houses of Parliament. (AFP Photo)
Participants hold burning torches as they take part in one of a series of processions during Bonfire night celebrations in Lewes on Wednesday. (Reuters)
Members and supporters of the Anonymous movement wear Guy Fawkes masks as they demonstrate as part of the 'Million Mask March' in Portland on Wednesday. (Reuters)
The processions and bonfire mark the uncovering of Guy Fawkes' 'Gunpowder Plot' to blow up the Houses of Parliament in 1605, and commemorates the memory of Lewes' seventeen Protestant martyrs. (Reuters)
A giant effigy of Russian President Vladimir Putin to be burned is paraded by participants during Bonfire night celebrations in Lewes on Wednesday. (Reuters)
Activists called for revolution and scuffled with police in central London and outside Buckingham Palace after marching on parliament. The protest was held on the night of Britain's Guy Fawkes Night now associated with Anonymous. (Reuters)
An anti-capitalist protester wearing Guy Fawkes mask takes part in the 'Million Masks March' outside the Houses of Parliament in London on Wednesday. (AFP Photo)
Anti-capitalist protesters wearing Guy Fawkes masks remove police barrickades during the 'Million Masks March' in Parliament Square in London on Wednesday. (AFP Photo)

In abode of God  the science of temple-buildingComments
More than a year after unprecedented floods ravaged the hills of Uttarakhand, experts now agree that the Kedarnath Temple escaped with minor bruises due to the extraordinary science in its construction.
One of Hinduism’s most revered shrines and located 11,700 feet above sea level, Kedarnath Temple is dated to around 1050 AD by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) though it is generally believed to be more ancient.
However, experts agree that the temple’s highly scientific construction enabled it to withstand nature’s savage fury in June, 2013.
“The temple’s foundation is very strong, both scientifically and architecturally. And this helped the shrine withstand such a natural disaster,” said AK Bhargava, the Dehradun-based superintending archaeologist of ASI.
“But we are still in the process of understanding the entire science behind the temple’s construction,” he added.
With work on restoration of the temple commencing, the Geological Survey of India and Dehradun-based Wadia Institute of Himalayan Geology are also engaged along with the ASI in studying the science behind Kedarnath Temple.
An ASI official working at the temple -- but not authorised to speak to the media -- said the temple’s strength appeared to lie in its “ball-and-socket joints and iron clamps”.
He, however, added that the assessment was based on “visual study only”.
After the disaster, the ASI had asked the Indian Institute of Technology, Chennai to carry out a study on the temple. The report is still awaited.
ASI experts who had worked on similar constructions in other parts of the country feel that metallic clamps as well as ball-and-socket joints offered worked as cushion for the temple walls when the huge volume of water and boulders struck the structure.
A member of the Badri Kedarnath Temple Committee (BKTC) -- the governing body of the temple – said the temple’s strength could be gauged from the fact that while the shrine still stands, most of the other concrete structures in the temple-town of Kedarpuri were reduced to rubble. Those standing have become too unstable and unfit for use.
The temple’s chief priest Gangadhar Ling said that the shrine foundation is as deep as the structure above the ground and “this, perhaps, helped the shrine to withstand the floods”.
However, ASI did not fully agreed with Ling on the foundation depth of the temple.
“Though the temple foundation has substantial depth but it’s not as much as being claimed by BKTC. Apart from foundation depth, the thickness of the temple walls also makes it strong enough to withstand the floods,” Bhargava added.
The ASI, however, agreed with the BKTC on the use of a unique cementing material made using over 15 ingredients.
“The cementing material used in the temple walls was a mixture of ingredients like limestone, jaggery, urad dal paste, ash and other components. The best property about this mortar is that it turns stronger with the passage of time,” said BKTC chief executive officer BD Singh.
The ASI official said that the “cementing materials used in the temple was crucial and strong enough to prevent its walls from breaking down”.
Another significant feature of the temple, ASI experts said, was its inverted lotus-shaped dome which does not let snow to accumulate during the harsh winter months and add more pressure to the main structure.

CBS CEO: Attempting Dish dealcbs ceo: attempting dish deal
Sadbhav Engineering to hold board meetingSadbhav Engineering to hold board meeting
Integra Engg standalone Sep  14 sales at Rs 5.65 croreIntegra Engg standalone Sep  14 sales at Rs 5.65 crore
3 Vidarbha coop banks get Rs 150cr revival boost from Centre3 Vidarbha coop banks get Rs 150cr revival boost from Centre
Govt should make more spectrum available as industry needs: MittalGovt should make more spectrum available as industry needs: Mittal
DGFT nod for Red Sanders sale by AP but with riderDGFT nod for Red Sanders sale by AP but with rider
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 6:  
Director General of Foreign Trade has issued a notification extending the date of sale and export of red sanders wood by Andhra Pradesh by six months.
While granting extension for six months up to April 30, 2015, the notification mentioned that it is subject to such orders as passed by Madras High Court or such submissions as made there in a petition or as per orders by the Court.
In view of the DGFT order, it is being requested to amend the notification issued on Tuesday, duly removing the conditionality of Madras High Court case, as AP feels that the court order is not relevant to this sale.
The AP Forest Department is set to notify fresh schedule of dates for conduct of e-tender-cum-e-auction for selling 4160 MTs. shortly.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Karnataka Single Window panel clears 30 projects worth Rs 1 070 crKarnataka Single Window panel clears 30 projects worth Rs 1,070 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Nov 6:  
The 83rd Karnataka State Level Single Window Clearance Committee has cleared 30 projects with an investment of over Rs 1,070 crore, which is expected to create 16,451 jobs in 15 districts.
The SLWCC was chaired by Chief Minister Siddaramaiah and attended by Ratna Prabha, Additional Chief Secretary to Government, C & I Department and  other senior officers of the state Government.
Sector wise: Aerospace - projects 1, investment Rs 28 crore, employment created 445.  Energy - projects 2, investment Rs 84.48 crore, employment 30. Enginerring - projects 2, investment Rs 37.7 crore, employment 96. Food - projects 5, investment Rs 101.81 crore, employment 429. Infrastructure - projects 4, investment Rs 166.39 crore, employment 718, others - projects 3 investment Rs 146.9 crore, employment 1,168, Textile - projects 7, investment Rs 237.75 crore, employment 12,887,  Tourism - projects 6, investment Rs 267.52 crore, employment 678.
In todays' meeting five new proposals of Shahi Exports with an investment of Rs 173.75 crore generating employment to 11,000 was approved.  Apart from this new proposal SHV Energy with an investment of Rs 22 crore, Jeevaraj Tea investment of Rs 15.23 crore, Stevia World Agro Tech, investment of Rs 26.02 crore, Illig India investment of Rs 32.7 crore, Dhanyatha Infra Projects investment of Rs 46 crore,
Ankit Fasteners Private investment of Rs 28 crore, Entrack Overseas investment of Rs 29.31 crore were approved.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

KYC rules hurting banks customers in emerging markets: HSBC IndiaKYC rules hurting banks, customers in emerging markets: HSBC India
Tomojit Basu
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov. 6:  
While the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) recently asked banks to partially freeze (allowing credits but not debits) the accounts of customers who have not complied with Know Your Customer (KYC) rules despite repeated requests, HSBC India CEO Stuart Milne said such regulations were making it more difficult for unbanked individuals to be financially included.
Responding to an observation by Ghana’s Vice-President Kwesi Amissah-Arthur on how KYC norms were preventing more people from being included in the formal banking sector at the India Economic Summit here on Thursday, Milne said, “I represent a global bank and what we are seeing is that the drift of financial regulation from the US and the UK, in particular, is actually turning us global banks into agents of exclusion than inclusion”.
Amissah-Arthur had said that Ghana’s efforts to bring more people into the banking fold had been frustrated by KYC regulations since it was difficult to comply with many of the stipulations in developing countries.
He said providing permanent addresses and material identification, such as passports, were difficult propositions for many Ghanaians, a problem similar to India’s.
“We are penalised for non-compliance with KYC requirements. Our systems are different from Western nations, many don’t have permanent addresses, passports or own their property or pay utility bills. So, KYC requirements run against the development we want,” he said.
The Vice-President believed that information and communication technology could provide a solution with biometric identification, such as the Bank of Ghana’s E-Zwich platform.
“KYC, while it’s important in the fight against terrorism and money laundering, is creating other problems. That has been our experience,” he added.
Milne said KYC rules were turning away customers who had been served for years by banks.
“The penalties for getting these things wrong are high. Banks are exiting portfolios of customers we’d been happy to serve for many years. The key point is how we bridge the gap between what the global regulator is saying and what’s actually required in developing markets,” he said.
The sentiment was echoed by Ajith Nivard Cabraal, Governor, Central Bank of Sri Lanka, who related the island nation’s experience.
“We’ve found most banks and telecom companies to be burdened by KYC rules and have to realise these instruments have been brought in from more evolved countries. It’s important to be sensible and have provided guidelines for surveillance to be relaxed for small transactions,” he said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Aisan begins production of auto parts atSriCityHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Aisan begins production of auto parts at Sri City
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 6:  
Aisan Auto Parts India (AAI), a subsidiary of Aisan Industry Co., Ltd., Japan, has inaugurated its auto parts production facility at Sri City today.
Junji Hiramatsu, Managing Director AAI administered the dedication ceremony and declared the plant inaugurated in the presence of Nobuo Kobayashi, President, Aisan, Yamaguchi, Deputy MD, AAI, Ramesh Subramanyam, President, Sri City Foundation, and senior officials from Aisan's customer companies including Toyota, Nissan and Yamaha.
Hiramatsu in a statement said, “We like to contribute more to the development of Indian auto industry and wish to grow together.”
Ravindra Sannareddy, Managing Director, Sri City said, “Aisan's success in Sri City will attract more Japanese SMEs to have their presence here. We look forward to seeing Aisan charting its growth path in Sri City, and we extend our dedicated support in all its endeavours.”
Aisan Industry Co., manufactures and markets automotive fuel systems, throttle bodies to fuel pumps, fuel injectors, intake modules and electronic fuel injection systems for motorcycles. The company operates three plants in Japan and about a dozen production units in China, the Czech Republic, France, Indonesia, Korea, and the US.
The Sri City plant, which is the very first plant of Aisan in India is slated to commence commercial production of throttle bodies, diesel throttle bodies and exhaust gas recirculation systems among others.
Japanese company Isuzu has also set up a unit in Sri City close to Chennai in Andhra Pradesh.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Magma Fincorp to exit gold loan bizHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Magma Fincorp to exit gold loan biz
PTI
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov 06:  
Asset finance company Magma Fincorp will exit gold loan business even as its net profit in the second quarter of 2014-15 increased 31 per cent at Rs 42.43 crore as compared to the same period last financial year.
The company informed the BSE that the board of directors at its meeting held today decided to exit the gold loan business.
Gross revenues of the company during the quarter stood at Rs 580.62 crore, 14 per cent higher than Q2 of last fiscal, Magma Fincorp said in a statement.
With sizeable contributions from mortgage, tractor and used assets verticals, the disbursements grew by 16 per cent in Q2 of FY15 at Rs 2550 crore.
The company’s loan book increased 13 per cent year-on-year to Rs 18836 crore and its capital adequacy ratio (CAR) stood at 16.9 per cent as on September 30, 2014, the statement added.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Veg oil import may touch new record at 12.3 mtVeg oil import may touch new record at 12.3 mt
PTI
Tweet
Beijing/New Delhi, Nov 6:  
India’s import of vegetable oils is likely to increase to new record at 12.3 million tonnes in the 2014—15 oil year starting this month, as slow start of domestic crushing would boost demand for overseas supplies, an industry official said today.
The country is estimated to have imported 11.61 million tonnes of veg oils in the 2013—14 oil year (November—October).
India meets 60 per cent of its annual vegetable oil demand of 17—18 million tonnes via imports. Palm oils make up 71 per cent of the country’s total vegetable oil imports.
“For the 2014—15 oil year, I expect India’s vegetable oil imports to create new record of almost 12.3 million tonnes,” said Dorab Mistry, director of Godrej International, in his presentation at a conference held at Guangzhou.
Since India’s crushing season has got off to a slow start, Mistry said the country is likely to continue to import larger quantities of crude palm oil (CPO) and that will bring palm oil back into favour with Indian refiners.
Palm oil imports would rise to 8.75 million tonnes this year from 7.71 million tonnes in 2013—14, while shipments of soyabean oil as well as sunflower oil would be at 1.8 million tonnes and 1.3 million tonnes, respectively, he said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

TPG swallows Prezzo restaurant chainTPG swallows Prezzo restaurant chain
Anne-Sylvaine Chassany and Kadhim Shubber in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32be9c14-659f-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Photos: 2014 Toy Hall of Fame nomineesThree out of a dozen toy contenders were inducted into the National Toy Hall of Fame at the National Museum of Play in Rochester, New York: bubbles, army men and the Rubik's Cube.
This photo gallery is featured in these articles:

McDonald s Video Reveals How McRibs Are MadeMcDonald's video goes behind the 'McRib curtain' to show how it's made
Ben Popken TODAY
Email
McDonald's wants everyone to know exactly what's in its McRib. 
The McRib, a sandwich made of processed pork pressed into the shape of ribs and glazed with barbecue sauce, has become an object of almost cult fascination, scorn and mystery since its introduction in 1982. 
Lisa McComb, McDonald's Director of Media Relations, said that when the McRib returns each fall it starts getting an uptick in customer inquiries about its nature. "Where are its bones? Is it really pork? Those are the common questions," said McComb.
Video: The fast-food giant reveals in a YouTube video how it makes its McRib, a processed pork sandwich with barbecue sauce that’s formed into the shape of ribs.
The fast food giant released a new video on YouTube Monday taking viewers, along with a skeptical tweeter and a former Mythbusters host, inside one of its food processing centers in Oklahoma where McRibs are made.
The video shows how a slab of boneless pork gets ground and then formed into the shape of a rack of ribs. It gets misted and then flash frozen. A pink rectangle results.
While McDonald's has long maintained an online FAQ on its own site and sent out media releases and tweets, the company has recognized it needs to go where customers are talking about the brand and engage with them on the platforms they're already using said McComb.
With the YouTube video, "We're showing the story instead of just telling it," said McComb.
The video is the fast food giant's latest effort in a long-running online campaign to convince consumers its food is made of quality ingredients.
Whereas most fast food advertising features happy families or folks having good times with their food, the videos and related tweets offer a somewhat gritty, realistic portrayal of how McDonald's prepares its products.
"They’re trying to be transparent about their process," said Steve Posavac, a marketing professor at Vanderbilt University. 
Another video in the series took viewers inside a chicken nugget factory in Canada . There the fast food company wanted to show that no "pink slime" was used to make its chicken nuggets. 
McDonald's has been the subject of howling online bile after images of the ammonia-treated “lean finely textured beef" pouring thickly at a factory went viral. Jamie Oliver went on a tirade and two former USDA scientists appeared on TV to denounce the ingredient. McDonald's has said it stopped using the lean beef trimming in 2011 and its nuggets are made with white boneless meat.
While the videos offer a provocative look into the McDonald's food production, the question is whether consumers will bite.
"There’s an old idiom that, 'Nobody wants to see how the sausage is made,'” said Posavac.
Email Ben Popken ben.popken@nbcuni.com or tweet @bpopken .
Tags:

Bold gamble in Tamil NaduUpdated: November 5, 2014 01:20 IST
Bold gamble in Tamil Nadu
Tweet
In deciding to break away from the Congress in Tamil Nadu, former Union Minister G.K. Vasan is following the example that his father, G.K. Moopanar, set in 1996. But even if some of the personalities are the same, the circumstances are very different 18 years on. Mr. Moopanar formed the Tamil Maanila Congress protesting against the party high command’s decision to ally with the AIADMK against the wishes of large sections of the party’s supporters in the State. Inner-party democracy, functional autonomy for State units, an anti-corruption crusade, all these were issues that motivated Mr. Moopanar, a loyalist of the Nehru-Gandhi family who found himself out of sync with the Congress led by P.V. Narasimha Rao. Now, however, the problem is that no alliance that would help it win even a few seats is in sight for the Congress in Tamil Nadu. The erosion of popular support for the party coincided with the rise of a chauvinistic attitude on the Sri Lankan Tamils issue after the decimation of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam in 2009. Although the LTTE enjoyed the support of only fringe groups in Tamil Nadu after the assassination of Rajiv Gandhi in 1991, during the final phase of the war in Sri Lanka and later, the Congress-led UPA government was accused of having supported the Sri Lankan government to the detriment of the cause of the Tamils in the island.
At the head of his own party, Mr. Vasan will have the manoeuvrability to forge alliances with the other major political players in the State. Discarding the perceived problematic baggage of the Congress while retaining its core support base, is the challenge before Mr. Vasan and his supporters. Although the AIADMK does not seem all that keen to piece together an alliance after having won 37 of the 39 Lok Sabha seats on its own, the DMK, which drew a blank by going it alone, is in the process of building a mega-alliance. The BJP, which put together a third front with the DMDK, the MDMK and the PMK for the Lok Sabha polls, is also looking for new allies, especially since the MDMK is likely to exit the alliance. Mr. Moopanar resisted the temptation to ally with the BJP during the first two terms of the National Democratic Alliance, even breaking the alliance with the DMK on this very issue. Whether Mr. Vasan sticks to the same stand based on the secular traditions of the Congress remains to be seen. Unlike Mr. Moopanar, who took with him almost the entire support base of the party, he will have a tougher time winning friends and influencing people. Many senior members who were with the father are not with the son now; and the political scene is more crowded with the entry of the DMDK and the new push by the BJP. While Mr. Vasan’s political options have increased after his bold attempt to form a new party, those are not by any means easy.

India services sector growth stalls in OctoberIndia services sector growth stalls in October
Our Bureau
The HSBC PMI, compiled by Markit, fell to 50.0 in October from September's 51.6, the lowest in six months and right on the break-even point between growth and contraction.
Mumbai, Nov 5:  
HSBC India Services PMI Business Activity Index, tracking changes in activity at Indian services companies on a month-by-month basis, fell to a six-month low to exactly 50 in October from September’s 51.6.
Backlogs of work at service sector firms in India accumulated at the quickest rate in three months during October. Indian manufacturers also reported a rise in backlogs, causing volumes of work-in-hand across the private sector to rise at a solid pace. Continuing the trend observed throughout the past 67 months, input prices faced by Indian services companies rose in October,” HSBC said in a report.
However, the rate of cost inflation was unchanged from September and was the joint-weakest since November 2009. Likewise, cost pressures at manufacturers eased to the mildest in 17 months.
The headline HSBC India Composite PMI Output Index was down at 51.0, down from 51.8, consistent with a moderate expansion in private sector activity in October.
“The latest figure indicated that growth of private sector output in India eased to the weakest in five months. Business activity at service providers stagnated during the month, while manufacturers reported an accelerated expansion in output,” the report said.
Overall, private sector input costs rose at the slowest pace in the current 67-month period of inflation. Average selling prices set by Indian service providers also increased in October, marking a four-year period of charge inflation.
That said, the rate of inflation was slight overall and muted in comparison with historical data. Similarly, output prices in the manufacturing sector increased at a marginal pace.
As a result, the rate of private sector charge inflation remained historically weak. October data indicated that service sector firms in India remained highly optimistic regarding prospects for activity growth in the coming year.
Business sentiment was the strongest in three months, with panellists commenting on anticipated improvements in demand and new marketing initiatives as key sources of optimism.
The latest reading indicated stagnation in business activity, following five successive months of growth. Anecdotal evidence linked variations in activity to changes in order book volumes.
Among the monitored sub-sectors, the best-performing was Post & Telecommunications, whereas activity fell quickest in Hotels & Restaurants. Underpinning the stagnation in activity was weaker growth of new business. Despite rising for the sixth consecutive month, new work intakes in the Indian service sector increased at the weakest pace since May during October, the report added.
Meanwhile, new order growth at manufacturers picked up to a solid rate. Consequently, new business across the private sector as a whole rose for the sixth month running. Growth of employment in the Indian service sector also slowed in October. The rate of job creation was marginal overall and weaker than the long-run series average.
Hiring at service providers led to a fractional expansion in private sector employment, as workforce numbers were broadly unchanged in the manufacturing industry.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

DLF gets interim relief; allowed to redeem Rs 1 806 crore of mutual fundinvestmentFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
In an interim relief against Sebi order, realty giant DLF was today allowed by the Securities Appellate Tribunal to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 1,806 crore till next month.
After hearing an appeal for interim relief by DLF, the Tribunal allowed the company to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 767 crore in the current month and further funds worth Rs 1,039 crore in December.
DLF had sought permission to redeem funds locked in mutual funds after being slapped with the market regulator’s ban last month from accessing the capital market for 3 years.
The Delhi-based developer had made the request through an affidavit submitted on Monday to the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), which is hearing DLF’s appeal against the unprecedented ban imposed by the watchdog last month on the company and six of its top officials.
The affidavit was filed following a direction from the tribunal last Thursday.
The SAT, a quasi-judicial body, will begin its final hearing on December 10 on DLF’s main plea against Sebi order.
At an earlier hearing on October 30, the SAT had asked DLF to specifically mention the time-frame, the requirements as well as the end use of the fund apart from till what time it needs the interim relief.
The SAT has further asked Sebi to file its reply to the DLF petition by November 30 and directed the petitioner to submit its rejoinder by December 8 and posted the matter for final hearing on December 10.
Last month, Sebi banned DLF and six of its senior-most officials, including founder-Chairman K P Singh, from capital markets for three years. The company challenged the ban in SAT and had sought an interim relief on October 22.
The Sebi took action against DLF for not disclosing the details about three of its 353 subsidiaries/associate companies in its 2007 IPO filing. This was one of the rare orders by Sebi where it barred a blue-chip firm and its top promoter/executives from market.
While promoters own 74.93 per cent stake in DLF, foreign institutional investors have close to 20 per cent and retail shareholders about 4 per cent, among others.
TAGS: Dlf Dlf Redeem Mutual Funds Sebi Securities Appellate Tribunal
More from indianmarkets
Kotak Mahindra Bank: Deal and after RoA of merged entity may lag standalone Kotak Bank in the near to medium term

Taylor Swift s  1989  Sales the Most Since  Eminem Showtaylor swift s  1989  sales the most since  eminem show
Parrikars Delhi visit sparks speculationParrikar’s Delhi visit sparks speculation
Our Bureau
Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar
Will Goa CM be named Union Defence Minister?
New Delhi, November 5:  
Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar’s Wednesday evening meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah triggered speculations that the former may take over as Union Defence Minister.
Although the only confirmation from BJP quarters was with regard to the fact that Parrikar had indeed been summoned to Delhi, his meetings coincided with fresh reflections on the “overloading” of certain ministers. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, for instance, is holding additional charge of Defence.
This unprecedented situation is not expected to continue for very long, even considering the PM’s track record of running lean governments as Chief Minister of Gujarat.
Besides Jaitley, Piyush Goyal is holding independent charge of three different portfolios — Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy. Nirmala Sitharaman is the Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs besides holding independent charge of the Commerce Ministry.
Ravi Shankar Prasad is simultaneously handling Telecom and Law and Justice.
After Gopinath Munde’s demise, the portfolios of Rural Development, Panchayati Raj and Drinking Water and Sanitation too require a minister.
At the same time, there were surprise omissions at the time of Cabinet formation.
Leaders such as Rajiv Pratap Rudy and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, who had served in the previous BJP-led NDA government, were left out.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Online retailers breathe life into organic product bizHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Online retailers breathe life into organic product biz
Vishwanath Kulkarni/Bindu Menon
Tweet
Bangalore/Mumbai Nov 5:  
For Adi Naturals, the Bangalore-based aggregator and a vendor of organic food products, the sale of fruit and vegetables has seen an increase of 50 per cent over the last six months. This was after the company tied-up with the online retailer Bigbasket.com.
Even for Bigbasket.com, which claims to have a large organic product range, the sales are increasing month on month. And so is the case with other retailers such as Natural Mantra or Ekstop.com.
The proliferation of online retailing is seen giving a push to the sale of organic products that are grown without using chemicals and pesticides. More health conscious consumers are turning to the net to purchase such products, which are otherwise sold only through select outlets. Consumers are finding it relatively easy to source online.
“The number of people looking at organic goods — be it food, hair care, home care or clothing — has increased significantly in the past four years,” says Anand Agarwal, Chief Executive of Natural Mantra, a Mumbai-based online grocery portal, where over half the orders placed are for organic foods.
“The sales are rising by 40 per cent every month. We expect the company to earn a profit in two years and touch a revenue figure of Rs 50 crore by 2016,” says Agarwal.
Vipul Parekh, chief financial officer Bigbasket.com said response for organic products is very good. “About 20 per cent of our vegetable sales are organic and the share is growing month-on-month,” he added. Bigbasket.com sells about Rs 1 crore per month of organic fruit and vegetables and another Rs 50 lakh worth of organic provisions.
"It is still very small, but online sales are picking up. We are seeing some good traction" said Raj Seelam, Managing Director of Sresta Natural Bioproducts Pvt Ltd, which markets its products under the 24 Mantra brand. Seelam, however, could not give any volume or the value details of the brands sold online.
Vidya Sadanand, co-founder of Adi Naturals, said Bigbasket has helped boost sales of fruit and vegetables by 150-200 kgs every week. Prior to the tie-up with Bigbasket, Adi Naturals– that sources organic products right from Jammu & Kashmir to down South, was selling about 300-400 kgs of fruit and vegetables through its stores.
“We sell about one tonne of vegetables, fruits and staples every week and are looking to expand our tie-up with Bigbasket to widen our reach,” Sadanand said adding that consumer awareness on organic stuff needs to pick up.
The organic product market is estimated at over Rs 1,000 crore and is growing annually at over 20 per cent.
Sumat Chopra, co-founder and CEO, Ekstop.com said, “With growing health awareness, organic products are gaining interest amongst consumers. People are ready to spend a little extra to have organic products as a part of their day-to-day diet. Mumbai as a market has a very high acceptance rate for organic produce. ”
Chopra said that the adapters of these products are from different income groups but are people who are conscious of the hazards of chemicals & pesticides. “While our normal products have a great off take, organic products have been increasing by almost five per cent on a month on month basis. To cater to this growing demand we have increased the range of organic foods available on our portal. The range offers products varying from Grocery & Staples to Spices & Tea, etc."
According to a survey by Morarka Rural Research Foundation the demand for organic food products is also rising from smaller towns and moffusil with consumers willing to pay up to 20 per cent more from pesticide free produce.
Several online retailers, however, said that the lack of scale in organic retail may pose a challenge. However, logistics is a big cost for these online portals. In grocery, the ticket sizes are smaller and the high logistics cost makes nation-wide delivery unviable.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Is investing in gold a smart moveIs investing in gold a smart move?
Shyamal Gupta
The precious metal has not kept up with inflation since its great rise in 1980
November 5, 2014:  
Except for the ritual purchase of gold during Diwali, retail purchase of gold coins in India originates from a fear “in case all hell breaks loose”. In times of prosperity, it also gives a sense of pride to the owner.
Gold, in recent times, has been hawked more like as an asset class for investment. If statistics are to be believed 90 per cent of retail traders actually lose money as they lose clarity on the purpose of investment over time – speculation, investment or security.
Powerful benchmark
However, on a macro scale, gold is a powerful competitive international benchmark and that, if allowed to function in a free market, will determine the value of other currencies, the level of interest rates and the value of government bonds. Gold's performance is usually the opposite to that of currencies and bonds. Hence, to defend currencies and bonds, gold prices have to be fought.
Imaginary supply
Despite gold’s tremendous price increase over the last decade, the precious metal has not kept up with inflation since its last great rise in 1980. Somehow, no one questions as to why it has not kept up with inflation. The answer is that gold derivatives have created a vast imaginary supply for which delivery has not been sought for, since most investors internationally choose to leave their purchases as deposit with the bullion banks that sell them imaginary gold.
On the other hand, in India, gold coins bought even from an established seller (e.g. banks, PSUs) cannot be sold back. So, if gold as an investment has inherent liquidity loss then what is the rational of buying?
Paper promises
All commodity futures markets have created paper promises of supply that could not be covered by real product and have always been settled in cash. RBI had estimated the ratio of paper gold to real gold at 92 to 1. (RBI Report on Issues Related to Gold Imports and Gold Loan – January 2013, Page 58).
Most commodity markets are for goods that eventually are delivered and consumed to a great extent. Gold is different. For gold is not consumed but rather hoarded, even as most gold purchased in the futures markets is never delivered at all (or in miniscule percentage). This system has produced a disproportionate amount of imaginary, elastic, but undeliverable supply, even as people buy gold precisely because they assume that its supply is not elastic, the supply is limited to total past production plus annual mine production.
Caution required
At this point, individual traders in India should be cautious. In view of the recent fall in gold prices, cautiousness rather than optimism should be the watchword.
The writer is a commodity commentator
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Decide with whom you want to talk to  India tells PakistanDecide with whom you want to talk to, India tells Pakistan
Our Bureau
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley with Klaus Schwab, Founder and Executive Chairman, World Economic Forum during the opening session of the India Economic Summit, in the Capital on Wednesday. Ramesh Sharma
New Delhi, November 5:  
India has made it clear to Pakistan to decide whether “it wants to talk to the Indian Government or with those who want to break India.”
“Unless Pakistan makes a conscious choice, a meaningful dialogue will not be possible,” Defence Minister Arun Jaitley told the India Economic Summit here on Wednesday. He said India was ready to speak to Pakistan and was “willing to normalise the relationship” but “then there are a few red lines.”
“We create the environment, we then fix up a dialogue at the level of Foreign Secretaries, our Foreign Secretary is to visit Pakistan (and) literally a few hours before that they invite the separatists for a dialogue to their High Commission (in New Delhi). So, I think a new red line has to be drawn in Pakistan to reconsider who they want to speak to,” he said referring to the cancellation of the August 25 Secretary-level talks between the two countries.
On ceasefire violations by Pakistan on the Line of Control, Jaitley said the consequences of its “misadventure”, like firing on civilian population and uprooting of a village, “would be an unaffordable cost for Pakistan.”
Jaitley, who is also the Finance Minister, said New Delhi had given three messages to Pakistan. “The first is that we want to talk. So we invited them. The second is we send a Foreign Secretary there. But they must decide whether they are ready to speak to our Foreign Secretary or to speak to those who want to break India. The third is that this kind of a situation in international border cannot go on,” he said.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Creating a new size zero for smartphonesCreating a new size zero for smartphones
R Dinakaran
Tweet
The Chinese manufacturer takes on the premium segment with two new smartphones
OPPO has been present in the Indian handset market for sometime, but has one major problem - the ‘Chinese mobile’ image, which, from the smartphone buyer’s perspective, is not really flattering. And they have only one way to break it - by focussing on quality.
And going by what OPPO has been doing over the years, it is not going to be a difficult task for the company. The only challenge for it now is to communicate it to its potential consumers. And what could be a better way than to bring out products that are way ahead - both in quality and features.
OPPO has been gaining visibility only during the last few months - after the launch of N1 and Find 7. The reason simply being that these mobiles have something more to offer than what is available in the market. One has a swivel camera and the other comes with superfast charging. Both the features are not available in any other mobile in the market, including those from the ‘biggies’ such as Samsung, (now) Microsoft, LG or Motorola.
Slimming factor
OPPO’s recent tech showcase event in Singapore was about two new handsets. The first - N3 was expected, but the second was a mystery. Some expected a smaller version of the N3. But OPPO surprised everyone by launching the world’s thinnest phone - R5 - measuring a mere 4.85mm thick.
And this was not the first time OPPO was launching the world’s thinnest phone. In 2012, it launched a Find phone at 6.65 mm, which was the thinnest then.
It is not only the size, technically too, OPPO has been on par, if not ahead, of other biggies. The Find 7 has a camera that uses the advanced Pure Image technology to snap 50 MP pictures in the Ultra HD mode and a Tracking Focus that focuses on a moving image so that we get clear pictures of even moving subjects and 32-second slow shutter speed.
With the N3 that was unveiled in Singapore recently, OPPO went several steps ahead. The swivel camera was now motorised, with just a swipe on the screen enough to rotate the camera. The swivel also got activated in the Panorama mode, obviating the need for users to move the camera or mobile. The turning camera took care of the panorama mode, swivelling up to 206 degrees.
OPPO seemed to be so sure and confident about their camera quality that they brought famous American photographer Bryan Derballa to showcase his works with the N3. Bryan claimed he found the quality in the N3 camera almost on par with his $5,000 DSLR.
In an interaction with Business Line, Louis Li, Product Manager, said the reason OPPO was able to bring out products with such high-end features was its emphasis on research and development. OPPO had had a team of experts specifically for developing the camera. He said what OPPO’s cameras were able to achieve now was the result of efforts spread over years of development, using high-level testing standards and processes.
And not many know that OPPO was among the first to come out with a 1080p display in 2012.
Charging up
OPPO also emphasised its focus on R&D with the super-fast charging technology (VOOC), which none of the ‘biggies’ have been able to match. A 5-minute charge is enough for a 2-hour voice call and a 30-minute charge recharges the battery up to 75 per cent. “You can charge it in the time you have your coffee,” said Louis Li. OPPO mobiles that use the super-fast charging technology are able to receive high voltage enabling them to charge quickly. Louis Li said none of the manufacturers, except OPPO, had been able to make mobiles withstand high voltage current. VOOC technology uses 5-level protection to make the high-speed charging safe. Even the connector has two extra pins, compared to a normal pin found in other phones.
OPPO’s R&D team looked into even small things such as the logo embossed on the mobiles. Louis Li said the logo underwent 26 processes to ensure the right colour and shade. The same effort went into the ergonomics of the phone too, with even the texture at the rear extensively researched to give a good grip along with a rich feel.
Louis Li was sure that OPPO’s extensive R&D that went into their products would be the differentiator and would enable the company to take on established players and other Chinese competitors.
OPPO is also ramping up its India presence. It plans to increase the number of service centres from 30 at present to around 200 within the next one year, according to Tom Lu, CEO, OPPO Mobile India. At present, it has no plans for exclusive tie-ups with online retailers in India.
(The writer was in Singapore at the invitation of OPPO)
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

India asks Russia for more market accessIndia asks Russia for more market access
Our Bureau
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin with Minister of State for Commerce and Industry Nirmala Sitharaman during the 8th India-Russia Forum on Trade and Investment in New Delhi on Wednesday. PTI
Pharma, auto, farm sectors seen areas with potential
New Delhi, November 5:  
India wants greater market access in Russia for pharmaceuticals, automotive, textile and value added agricultural products, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has said.
Addressing the India-Russia Forum on Trade and Development on Wednesday, the Minister said that the Russians should invest in India in areas where they see opportunity.
“We want greater market penetration in areas where India has set global standards,” said Sitharaman.
Russia’s Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin, who spoke briefly at the meeting called for strengthening of the Rupee-Rouble payment system, which was endorsed by the Indian Minister.
India had a lot to offer to Russian investors in terms of skilled work force, said Sitharaman.
India and Russia are also working on a Free Trade Agreement to boost bilateral trade from the existing $6 billion, which is less than one per cent of India’s total foreign trade.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Farmers may take keen interest in Rabi  says Rallis chiefHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Farmers may take keen interest in Rabi, says Rallis chief
Suresh P Iyengar
Tweet
V SHANKAR, Managing Director and CEO, Rallis India
The sudden fall in commodity prices and unpredictable climatic change has left farmers high and dry. The recent cyclone in Andhra Pradesh has inundated a large portion of arable land, particularly when the farmers were preparing for the Rabi season. Oilseed prices are inching closer to minimum support prices as farmers in Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra are preparing for kharif harvest. The future for farmers in these states remains uncertain with major vegetable oil exporting countries Malaysia and Indonesia falling over each other to offload their large inventories. Speaking to Business Line, V Shankar, Managing Director and CEO, Rallis India, a Tata Group company said coping with sudden change in climatic condition has been a big challenge for agriculture sector. While it went dry in June and July, rains poured out to make up for the entire deficit in August and then came the Hudhud cyclone when the farmers were preparing for the peak Rabi season. Excerpt:
Q) How do you see Rabi season?
A) We are very hopeful after a difficult Kharif. The reservoir levels are better at the 10 years average. We expect Rabi should be normal as farmers may take keen interest. Initial pick up for rabi was very good. In fact it was the peak season in Andhra Pradesh, but the cyclone has impacted the progress very badly, especially in Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and Visakhapatnam. We estimate about 200,000 acres were affected in the cyclone. We hope the rest of the acres will help make up for the losses. It is no denying that the cyclone was a setback for the good momentum witnessed initially. We only hope such interruption would not recur. West Bengal and Bihar may have a normal Rabi season.
Q) Do you expect farmers to reduce Rabi spending after burning fingers in kharif?
A) Since the kharif season was not that great for farmers, they will take up Rabi with more vigour. Rabi is when farmers make more investment and not mind using value added products. It is typically a more commercial season than kharif. We are looking forward to farmers doing well in Rabi. But it is no denying that they incurred loss in kharif.
Q) Will the unusually hot October suck the moisture and impact on Rabi season?
A) I do not think so. We are also having thunderstorm at the other end. This kind of situation affects agriculture putting farmers in quandary. Like in Andhra Pradesh it was the peak season for pesticide spray. There is a pest called brown planthopper. In fact, rain and hot season is very conducive for pest build up. When this kind of cyclone comes and stops activity for two-three weeks. Everything comes to a standstill. Fortunately, the impact on paddy will be minimal as it can survive under water for few days, but the farming activity is delayed by few weeks. It is not a happy situation.
Q) Will the rise in input prices hurt farmers?
A) I believe farmers would look at the value. They would not cut down on spending if they consider a product is important. Since the general inflation has moved up, farmers may be very selective and look for quality products, particularly in the Rabi season they will look up for products that can improve yield.
Q) What is the progress of your ‘Grow More Pulses’ programme?
A) We have signed a memorandum of understanding with the Madhya Pradesh government to roll out ‘Grow More Pulses’ programme in the state. We would be covering about one lakh hectares involving over 100,000 farmers over three to five years. We are already working in Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka. It is progressing well especially in Maharashtra. We have covered over 300,000 farmers. This year we should be touching about 100,000 hectares. We got invitation from Jharkhand and Bihar governments to roll out the programme in these states. We have also started working to improve yield of chillies at Guntur in Andhra Pradesh. We also have a similar programme for grapes and programate in Maharashtra.
Q) How is the response for the new products?
A) We have introduced two new interesting products including Origin and Hunk. While Origin is the first ever combination of an insecticide and fungicide in India, Hunk is a good solution for sucking pest, especially in paddy. Initial response has been very good. We have also introduced corn hybrid targeted at farmers in Andhra Pradesh and Bihar. This is a special hybrid which requires more input management and the yields are very high. We are quite excited with all these interventions as all of them are quite new to Indian markets. The non-pesticide portfolio was 35 per cent of the revenue in the first half. This is a good progress in line with our long term strategy of the company.
(This article was published on November 5, 2014)
Related

Taiwan resolves to resist Chinas embraceTaiwan resolves to resist China’s embrace
David Pilling
Hong Kong is a cautionary tale for Taipei: this is what happens if you get too close to Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9652d026-6412-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New Action Figure For Girls is the Anti-BarbieGoldieBlox unveils new action figure for girls
Ben Popken TODAY
GoldieBlox
Girls just got a new action figure.
Instead of a pair of body-disproportionate breasts, heels and a Dream House, "Goldie" comes with a hammer, a pair of red 'Chucks', and a 45-foot zipline.
Call it the "anti-Barbie."
Unveiled in a new online ad Wednesday just in time for the holiday shopping season, the toy is the latest effort from GoldieBlox, a toy company that wants to "disrupt the pink aisle," according to CEO Debbie Sterling, with toys that foster young girls' interest in math, science and engineering. It will be available at Toys R' Us, independent toy stores and Amazon.
GoldieBlox became an internet sensation after a successful fundraising campaign on Kickstarter and shot to national prominence after it won a SuperBowl ad spot in a small business contest.
With the company's new toy, kids can snap together the zipline trolley and learn how pulleys work.
Sporting purple overalls, untamed blonde tresses and a determined sideways grin, it doesn't look like Goldie will be trading boyfriend tips with Skipper and the gang anytime soon. 
For Sterling, that's the point.
"Barbie's all about fashion," said Sterling. "Goldie's an engineer."
Goldie's joints bend. Her hands grip. Like many boy's action figures and unlike Barbie and most dolls for girls, Goldie has cavities in her feet so she can stand on and interact with other toys.
GoldieBlox
"She's not perfect. She's not a genius. She's not a beauty queen. She's really curious and she's messy and she's willing to take risks," said Sterling.
The counter-cultural sentiment carries through to the online new ad. With nods to Apple's iconic "1984" commercial, a domineering woman's head on a TV screen intones commands as an army of young girls in the same pink dress make their way dutifully through a doll factory to pick up identically stamped pink dolls. 
Then one girl, a live action version of the Goldie doll, breaks through the pink line and smashes the TV screen with her hammer. Later the machine comes out with a new toy: her. 
In the background plays the song "Help I'm Alive" by the Metric.
The company's previous ads have gone viral. One featured lyrics from a Beastie Boys song ad "Girls." The group, so against commercialization that one of late its members put it into his dying will that no song of his be ever used in a commercial, had its lawyers ask GoldieBlox why their work was being used in the ad. GoldieBlox  sued the Beastie Boys to make them say the song was fair use and Beastie Boys countersued. Later, the two later settled .
Video: As more and more girls spend time in the toy aisles usually associated with boys, a viral ad campaign by Goldieblox is leading the charge to change the educational scope of toy production.
This time around, things are different. GoldieBlox said it secured rights to the Metric song. Emily Haines, Metric's lead singer, also provides the voice of Goldie in the GoldieBlox app.
Email ben.popken@nbcuni.com or tweet @bpopken .
Tags:

Supporting #technologyandstuffreddit
This is already old news, given that it's been a week since the story first broke.  That's dog years in social media.
But the point isn't lost on me at all, and in fact there's a lesson to be learned in here that is timeless.
Back people up!
We've grown up in a business world where we hold people accountable for their actions.  We ask our employees to take responsibility for their work, and we empower them to act on behalf of our organization.
That's all well and good when things are going fine, but the minute there's an upset or a mistake then the fingers come pointing out.  We start pointing at those responsible and hold them accountable to their actions.
In many ways, that's OK.
We should each accept responsibility for our work.  But in some cases these employees literally pay for their mistakes.  Particularly in social media where we've seen public mockery and people losing their jobs over posting on the wrong account or for being insensitive in their language use ... some have gone down in smoke with great fanfare.
Which is why I took great delight last week when I heard about #technologyandstuff.
A representative from Chevy was handing over the keys to a new truck to the MVP from the World Series and in essence he messed up his talking points.  He was on national television and probably just got nervous.  It happens to us all, trust me.
Rather than giving what probably should have been a detailed explanation of the superiority of the vehicle, he instead said that it had, " technology and stuff. "
"Technology and stuff" ... not exactly a hard sales pitch.
Whoops.
Social media went on fire and a hashtag was formed almost instantaneously: #technologyandstuff. Then not too much later we saw #chevyguy light up on Twitter.
It could have easily been a bad moment for him and for the company, except that people started rallying around the #technologyandstuff guy.  He is, after all, human and one of us.  Folks just loved that he was human, and not some talking head spokesman for the brand.
Better yet ... the company even rallied around him.
Rather than chastise him, reprimand him, or worse yet fire him ... they applauded him.  Applauded him for giving it his best shot and for being human.  They even embraced the hashtag and started using it themselves, carrying right into other events like NASCAR.  They even put the hashtag on the side of the truck!
Now granted, the company seized the moment in social media and took advantage of the positive momentum. But they also showed this employee their support, in a time of need.  Which is what employers should do ... and employees should do the same in return for their company.
I'm happy to see the turn of events, particularly in social media where even the tiniest of mistakes can take on a negative life of their own, leaving damage along the way.  Particularly when really no harm was done, no legislation ignored, or no regulation misinterpreted.  Just a simple mistake.
When it comes to supporting employees, I hope this is trending for a long time.
Follow Jim Joseph on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@JimJosephExp
More:

Angry losers blame unpopular ObamaAngry losers blame unpopular Obama
Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a59e79ce-650a-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

All Appropriation Everything: IHOP Joins List of Cultural-Appropriation Offendersreddit
Over the last few months, corporations have found a new way to gain attention on Twitter: tweeting rap lyrics and other allusions to hip-hop culture. The culprit that has most popularly surfaced across Twitter timelines is IHOP, which tweets edited versions of lyrics from songs by artists such as Drake, Trinidad James, and Bobby Shmurda.
When's the last time you had pancakes?
**about a week ago, week ago**
While most Twitter users replied with amusement, some appear to be irritated and disturbed by IHOP using hip-hop lyrics to promote itself on Twitter. Some users go further, calling it cultural appropriation.
These tweets count as cultural appropriation or nah?
— And Beyond... (@elTrock7) November 4, 2014
They're certainly patronizing, if nothing else.
— And Beyond... (@elTrock7) November 4, 2014
" @IHOP : Pancakes goin' up ona Tuesday."
could y'all stop the cultural appropriation?
— adam kadmon. (@chocolatehippy) November 4, 2014
Gonna ask politely. Can y'all please stop this? Please? For America? RT @IHOP : Pancakes goin' up ona Tuesday.
— Meal O'Reilly (@Meeting_aJERNed) November 4, 2014
Denny's and Taco Bell have also participated in this odd trend of rap-themed tweets. While many people certainly see the tweets as problematic, the amount of responses merely laughing along or even finishing lyrics far outweighs the complaints and accusations of crossing the line into tastelessness.
However, the black community is highly perceptive to cultural appropriation, because we have a rather long and complicated history with it. One highly notable instance in music history is the theft of rock-'n'-roll music, epitomized by Elvis Presley's rise to superstardom on the backs of black artists such as Muddy Waters and Chuck Berry.
A timelier example of cultural appropriation in music is white Australian rapper Iggy Azalea, who, after gaining popularity in American hip-hop, has generated ongoing debate over her authenticity as an agent of hip-hop culture.
It does not stop.
Nearly every day there are new offenses, such as when The New York Times "discovered that butts are a thing," as The Huffington Post put it after the Times ran a piece about the cool new phenomenon of white women suddenly wanting to acquire rounder backsides, failing to realize that women of color have been embracing our curves for decades. Or when Marie Claire suddenly discovered the trend of cornrows when Kylie Jenner posted a picture of herself on Instagram wearing the "epic" hairstyle.
Too often elements of black culture become "cool" by mainstream standards and get twisted into trendy, whitewashed versions of themselves that are totally removed from their origins in black culture. When you belong to a demographic that has seen its history of forced enslavement erased from textbooks of American history, yet you are required to take American history in school while African-American history is relegated to an elective, each offense of cultural appropriation is infuriating, even if it is random rap lyrics being tweeted by corporations.
Follow Janessa E. Robinson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/curlyheadred
More:

These Maps Show The Most Common Jobs In Each Zip Code-Sales and related occupations
-Transportation and material moving occupations
We also looked at the popularity of particular industries in each zip code, and those industries were:
-Construction, extraction, and maintenance occupations
-Farming, fishing, and forestry occupations
-Management, professional, and related occupations
-Production, transportation, and material moving occupations
-Sales and office occupations
-Service occupations
We then color-coded the maps above to correspond to those two different areas. Let's take a look at those last six categories to see which states excelled in which occupations.
Construction, Extraction, And Maintenance Occupations
This was easily the least popular occupation on our list, as you can see by our map. In fact, you can see by even a quick glance at our map that no one state really showed up as being all about construction, extraction, and maintenance.
There were a few spots in West Virginia and in Arizona, near Luke Air Force Base, where the occupation was more common, though, but this was still a bit of a rarity.
Farming, Fishing, And Forestry Occupations
This type of job was pretty widespread, but there was some density of this industry in one state in particular. California had a grouping of farming, fishing, and forestry zip codes in central California, near areas like Fresno and Clovis. This might be a surprise to those who think that CA is all about technology, but in reality Silicon Valley is fertile farming land and offers great produce.
You'll also see a few zip codes in Oregon, Idaho, and even Florida with this particular occupation type as the most popular option.
Management, Professional, And Related Occupations
This was easily the most popular occupation type on our entire map, which does make sense. Of course, there were a few spots where it was more popular than the rest, particularly in Massachusetts, New Jersey, Delaware, and most of their neighboring states.
Even Washington D.C. was almost entirely about management and professional jobs, which probably makes sense when you think about it.
Production, Transportation, And Material Moving Occupations
As the map shows, you really won't find much of this occupation in the western half of the county. However, most states in the east did have their fair share of this type of occupation, with Ohio, Tennessee, and Indiana having high concentrations of production, transportation, and material moving workers.
Zip codes around Murfreesboro seemed to have a high density of this occupation type in particular.
Sales And Office Occupations
You might have expected there to be more of these, but as you can see it really wasn't as popular as you might believe. As with the other categories, though, there were some spots where this was a slightly more common occupation. Parts of Florida, Utah, and even Oregon had large groupings of sales and office types around.
It should also be noted that there seemed to be more of these workers along the southeast coastline, around Savannah and Brunswick, Georgia.
Service Occupations
This trend was particularly interesting. Nevada had the biggest concentration of this industry, and then you'll notice on the map that there's a diagonal line of this job type stretching through Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas. While there may be smatterings of this occupation in many states, the southern tip of Texas to central Nevada seemed to be the longest stretch of Service workers.
West Virginia also exhibited a lot of this occupation type, but the zip codes where it was the most popular weren't as grouped together as in some other states.
Career Comes First
While management, business, and financial operations occupations might be the most common in the nation, every zip code tells a different story when it comes to who works where. You might find that your job is more common than you thought, or you might find you're a bit of a occupation rarity.
So, if you work in a particular industry and you're looking to head to an area where jobs might be a little more common, don't hesitate to contact us. We sell houses, after all, and we're sure there's a place out there that will aid you in your career goals.
Follow Laura Allan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LauraOfLosAltos
More:

Is the Wealth-Builder Mortgage All Smoke and Mirrorsreddit
"What do you think of the new Wealth-Builder mortgage that has gotten a lot of press?"
The developers of the Wealth-Builder (WB), Edward Pinto and Stephen Oliner of the American Enterprise Institute view the 30-year mortgage that today dominates the market as badly flawed. Their view is that  it takes too long to accumulate significant wealth, and too many bad things can happen in the meantime that jeopardize that goal. The WB would have a term of only 15 years.
Here are some figures that illustrate their point. On October 23, I shopped the market as a potential home buyer with a 740 credit score who could make a 20% down payment on a $250,000 single-family house. The $200,000 loan I needed was available for 30 years at 3.75%, or for 15years at 2.875%.  If I took the 30-year loan, after 8 years of making payments, my balance would be down by $33,663, or by only 17%; if I took the 15, my balance would be down by $99,936 or by 48% -- almost 3 times as much wealth accumulation.
The much larger pay-down on the 15 reflects both the lower rate, and the larger payment: $1369 as compare d to $926 on the 30. It is this lower payment on the 30 that attracts borrowers to it.
The objective of those developing the WB is to combine the more rapid wealth accumulation of the 15 with a payment that is "almost as low" as that of the 30. The only way to reduce the payment on a 15-year mortgage without reducing the loan amount is by reducing the interest rate. This raises two questions. How large a rate reduction would be needed, and where would it come from?
On the first question, I have scoured all the documents on WB I could find, and none mentioned the reduction in interest rate required to make the payment "almost as low" as that on a 30. I decided, therefore, to check it out myself using the lowest available prices on 15s and 30s quoted by the lenders who compete for loans on my web site. Because prices are reset every day, readers who want to check it out for themselves  can do it by clicking on Prices of Different Mortgage Types .
On the day I did it, the payment of $1369 on the 15 in my example was 47.8% higher than the payment of $926 on the 30. Let's assume that a payment on the 15 that is "almost as low" as the payment on a 30 is 10% higher, or $1019. But this payment would require an interest rate of minus 1.13%, which is not possible.  If we raise the target payment on the 15 to 20% above the payment on a 30, or to $1,111, the required rate on the 15 is zero, and that is not possible either. Conclusion: There is no possible way to reduce the payment on the 15 to anything close to the payment on a 30 through a reduction in the interest rate.
Let's go to question 2: where would any rate reduction come from? The source is a cash payment by the borrower to the lender of money that would otherwise have been used as the down payment.  Instead of down payment, it is paid as points that "buy down" the interest rate. This has the unfortunate effect of reducing the borrower's equity in the house at the outset, so he begins with less equity using the WB than if he took the 30. This is not a good beginning for a program designed to accelerate wealth accumulation.
The other consequence of converting down payment into points that buy down the interest rate is increased default risk to the lender. We know that smaller down payments result in more defaults. The developers of WB would deal with this by changing underwriting rules in ways that would reduce risk, offsetting the effect of lower down payments. They propose to replace the current limits on debt-to-income ratios with evaluations of the borrower's entire budget.
While this would indeed be a step forward, down payment requirements and debt-to-income requirements deal with two different aspects of risk, and strengthening the second cannot fully offset a weakening of the first. Furthermore, the problem of stupid underwriting rules applies to the entire market; fixing the rules only for the WB makes no sense.
Of course, lenders could reduce the interest rate at their own expense, in effect subsidizing the transaction, or Governments could pay the points required to buy down the rate. But then WB becomes a subsidy program, and it should be evaluated as such and compared to alternative subsidy programs.
I hasten to add that I believe the current mortgage design is in many respects obsolete and badly needs an upgrade.  But the WB is not it. I will be writing about more promising models in the weeks to come.
You can contact the professor at http://mtgprofessor.com
Follow Jack M. Guttentag on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JackGuttentag
More:

Qualcomm faces two new antitrust probesQualcomm faces two new antitrust probes
Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fa223b00-6543-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Projects and the Day Jobreddit
I was having a coffee with a friend of mine recently and we had a conversation that I thought was worth sharing with you.
My friend, (let's call her Laura which is obviously not her real name) is a senior director in a company with a department of approximately 80 people, and the primary function of the department is selling.
Laura was feeling really agitated when we spoke. She was bemoaning that she had not given time over the previous couple of weeks to a couple of "projects" that she really wanted to undertake.
As a lifelong student of efficiency, and also just being naturally curious, I asked Laura why she had not "given time" as she said.
Her answer was pretty straightforward, and while these may not have been her exact words, they do reflect the sentiment -- she simply said "My day job is so demanding, I did not have the time."
Me being me, I could not leave it there!
I asked Laura -- how important are those two projects to the long term success of her role and her department's success?
The answer was unequivocal -- they are both very important! So, if they had that level of importance why did Laura not make the time to get them done?
The answer was that the "day" job took over. Laura got so busy doing the routine of the day job that there was no time left for these important pieces of work.
Now, let's be honest, it is easy to be critical of Laura, but don't we all do the same thing - at least now and again?
You see, at some subconscious level, Laura viewed her two projects as separate from her day job, and therefore something that got done when she found time to "fit" it in.
No wonder they never got done!
As I said, easy to be critical, but we are all guilty.
So what can Laura, and you do to change?
In simple terms, there are 2 things:
Shift your mindset -- these projects are not separate from your day job, they are your day job.
Schedule the time.
You see for as long as our mindset is that these projects are "as well as" our day job, then we try to fit them around everything else -- a complete disaster! So, see them as an integral part of what you must do this week, this day!
If you don't schedule it, it is unlikely to get done. So, get your diary out and block off time when these projects will get your full attention. Make that time sacrosanct! Give it as much commitment as you would a meeting with your best client.
Very simple, and very effective - even Laura agreed when I checked in with her a week later!
Improve your productivity, maximize your potential and reach your goals! Schedule a 45-minute FREE consultation by clicking here .
Follow John Murphy on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jmicoaching
More:

What Do (and Don t) Recruiters Look for in a Resume at First Glancereddit
Answer by Ambra Benjamin, Engineering Recruiter @ Facebook, previously LivingSocial, Google, and Expedia
I think this varies from recruiter to recruiter and also depends on the role for which you're applying. For one, I don't look through stacks of resumes anymore. I hate paper. I do everything online. But I'll highlight briefly how I personally absorb a resume. I should preface this by saying that I primarily recruit for senior-level individuals. In my past life I was a campus recruiter and you read resumes of new grads a bit differently since experience is less of a factor. I'll address how I read a mid to senior level resume:
Most recent role -- I'm generally trying to figure out what this person's current status is and why they might even be interested in a new role. Are they laid off? Did they get fired? Have they only been in their role for a few months? Is their most recent experience relevant to the position for which I'm hiring?
Company recognition -- Not even gonna lie. I am a company snob. It's not even that I think certain companies are better than others (although some are). It's purely a matter of how quickly can I assign a frame of reference. This is often more difficult to do when a candidate has only worked for obscure companies I've never heard of. When I can't assign company recognition, it just means I have to read the resume a little deeper, which usually isn't an issue, unless it's poorly formatted and wrought with spelling errors in which case... you lost my interest.
Overall experience -- Is there a career progression? Do they have increasing levels of responsibility? Do the titles make sense? Do the responsibilities listed therein match what I'm looking for.
Keyword search - Do they have the specific experience for the role I'm hiring for? I Command + F the crap out of resumes. On any given day I'm searching for things like Ruby on Rails, Mule, Business Intelligence, MBA, Consulting, POS, Cisco, Javascript, and seriously, anything you can think of.
Gaps -- I don't mind gaps so long as there's a sufficient explanation. Oh you took three years off to raise your children? Fine by me, and might I add, I bow down. You tried your hand at starting your own company and failed miserably? Very impressive! Gap sufficiently explained. Whatever it is, just say it. It's the absence of an explanation that makes me wonder.
Personal web presence -- This includes personal domains, Twitter handle, GitHub contributions, dribbble account or anything a candidate has chosen to list. 2 out of 3 times, I almost always click through to a candidate's website or twitter account. It's one of my favorite parts of recruiting. Random aside: I care less about what people say on Twitter and more about who is following you and who you follow. So much insight gained by seeing who values your thoughts.
General logistics -- Location and eligibility to work in the U.S.
Overall organization -- This includes spelling, grammar, ease of use, ability to clearly present ideas.
Total time it takes me to do all of above: < 30 seconds*
*Note: I will likely later read the resume far more in depth, but only if I already know I like the candidate. It takes me less than a minute to fully digest a resume and flag that person for follow up. I read a resume pretty thoroughly once I know I will be speaking to that person on the phone. But I will not thoroughly read a resume of someone who did not pass the above categories.
Things I rarely pay attention to:
Education -- In the last month alone having viewed hundreds of resumes, I honestly don't remember looking at this section once.  When I used to exclusively recruit MBAs, this was one of the first things I looked for because I was generally looking for top tier b-schools. When I used to be a campus tech recruiter, I immediately checked for top CS schools.  But outside of my old campus recruiting days, I am not often looking at the education. I think this is because at the level I generally hire, it's the least of what I'm looking for. Experience is king. I can think of a few exceptions where perhaps a hiring manager wanted a certain pedigree, but that's happening less and less I find. I will also add that this changes drastically by industry and company. I currently work in tech, but I've also worked in management consulting and education is huge in consulting. I'll also add that some tech companies care more about education than others -- take Google or Facebook for example (I'm using big companies just for name recognition).
Fancy Formatting -- There are exceptions here. I say this with the caveat that I LOVE a creatively formatted resume. In fact, on Pinterest I've started collecting beautifully presented resumes. However, it's important to keep in mind that if you're applying to a position online, whether it's a PDF or not, most companies' applicant tracking systems parse your resume for information and convert it to pure text as the most immediate viewing format. Recruiters don't often see how awesome your resume is. The original file is usually there for us, but most recruiters aren't clicking through to that. If you're going to do something fun with your resume, I recommend having a clean text resume as well whenever possible so it doesn't come through our system looking wonky. Also, if the formatting is important, always send in PDF. Nine times out of ten, if I genuinely like a candidate and all I have is a text resume, I'll ask them to send me the prettier version for when I present them to a hiring manager.
Uncomfortably personal details -- There are legal reasons here. I learn to tune out certain things like marital status, family status (whether or not a person has children), reference to health or medical issues/triumphs, personal photos). Including things like this is common in CVs in other countries, but it seriously makes me uncomfortable when people include photos with their resumes. If I want to see what you look like, I'll stalk you on Linked In...and maybe other places. Can't confirm that :-)
Cover letters -- I abhor them and rarely read them. Most of my recruiting colleagues agree, but I know there are still recruiters that do. I find that a lot of candidates don't even send them anymore (Hallelujah). If you're going to send one, that puppy better be darn good. I'm of the mind that most companies that request cover letters only do so to weed out the people who haven't bothered to read the directions.
Things I wish more people would do:
Bring personality into the resume -- We recruiters are staring at these missives all day long. Throw a joke in there somewhere for goodness sake. Talk about how much you love Nutella (I have this in my own personal resume). If you're a rockstar, throw some cheeky self-deprecation in there if you can do so elegantly. I think it's important to keep the work experience details as professional as possible, but trust me, there are ways to have fun with it. I love an easter egg buried in a resume...figureatively speaking.
Include URLs for other web presences -- Enoughf said. And within your comfortability of course. I get it. I don't want professional acquaintances to see my Facebook page either.
List key personal projects -- I ask this in almost every phone interview I do. "What kind of stuff are you working on in your free time?" I am always inspired by this. Also shows me that you have passion for your field beyond your 9-5 (ha, ha, like those even exist anymore).
Use color and lovely typography
Things I wish people would stop doing:
Using MS Word's resume templates -- Period.
Writing resumes in first person -- Exceptions made for people who do it cleverly.
Allowing their resume to be a ridiculous number of pages -- Unless you are a college professor with multiple published works, you do not need an eight plus page resume. That is not impressive; that is obnoxious. Condense that bad boy s'il vous plait. Also, I do not care that you worked at Burger King in 1988. I mean, good for you, but no; not relevant.
Mixing up first person and third person or present tense and past tense -- Pick a voice, pick a tense, and then stick with it. I suggest third person and past tense.
Listing an objective at the top of the resume -- Dude, seriously? This isn't 1992.
Mailing, faxing, or hand-delivering paper resumes -- Immediate disqualification. Do not pass go.
Sending resumes addressed to the CEO that end up on my desk unopened -- This is a gross generalization here and exceptions are made for smaller companies, but um, CEOs don't read resumes -- not the first pass. Also see above re: paper resumes. P.S. We laugh at people who do this.
Exaggerating titles and responsibilities -- Eventually the truth comes out.
(All of the above does not apply if you're Tristan Walker or exude ridiculous amounts of awesomeness)
That is all. I know, this is more information than you ever wanted to know. Sorry.
What do recruiters look for in a resumé at first glance? : originally appeared on Quora : The best answer to any question. Ask a question, get a great answer. Learn from experts and access insider knowledge. You can follow Quora on Twitter , Facebook , and Google+ .
More questions on Quora :

A Message to All Gay Professionals: Copy Tim Cook and Come Out for the Third Timereddit
In my experience, gay people go through the process of coming out three times. First, they come out to themselves and their immediate friends. It's about personal acceptance. The second time is to their family and wider community. This time it's about social acceptance. Finally, they come out in the workplace. This third time is about professional acceptance.
It shocks me how few gay people do the latter.
We're living through a remarkable era for LGBT rights. Ten years ago, few would have predicted that gay marriage would be not only legal but widely supported in most Western democracies. In that context, it's utterly astounding that it has taken so long for a Fortune 500 company to have an openly gay CEO .
The business community is running about 10 years behind the rest of society.  Why?
I know many openly gay people who build convoluted arguments against coming out in the workplace. They have a fear it will hold their careers back. They delude themselves into thinking it is irrelevant. It's made more complex by the need to continually come out again every time they make a new close business connection. But I believe it's vital, not only for their sanity but because it makes them better businesspeople.
Trust is the foundation of relationships in any sphere, whether in romance, friendship, or business. I immensely dislike working with anyone -- colleague, client, or suppliers -- whom I feel I cannot trust.
The precursor to trust is honesty. When, on a Monday morning, someone at the office casually asks you about your weekend, when they ask you about your partner, or when they ask you about your vacations, if you don't answer honestly, you're not bringing your full, authentic self to the table. If you're unable to do that, your colleagues will start to have doubts about your integrity, and the trust they have in you will slowly be eroded. They might not be able to put their finger on what it is, but there will be something about you they don't quite understand.
It gives me great discomfort to watch so many gay people choose to put themselves at such a disadvantage. I know because I used to be one of them: out in my personal life but closeted at work. But five years ago I made the decision to be myself, and it has done nothing but benefit me professionally in ways I had never imagined. Perhaps the reluctance of so many gay people to be open in the workplace contributes to the slow pace of change.
For me, attending business school in America was the vehicle that made me appreciate that being gay and successful in business are complementary rather than contradictory. Moving from the UK to the U.S. exposed me to a world of LGBT-employee affinity groups and professional advocacy groups that I had never encountered in London. It was empowering and gave me confidence.
That's why it thrills me to see such groups take root in the UK, and to be involved in EurOUT at London Business School this weekend. EurOUT will unite LGBT campus organizations at leading European business schools and LGBT affinity groups from a wide spectrum of businesses for a two-day conference.
Such dialogue at a leading business school helps normalize discourse about LGBT issues among the business leaders of tomorrow. This is vital, as the business world still has a long way to go. Most notably, in 29 U.S. states it's still legal to fire someone because they are gay.
But none of this can happen unless gay professionals -- here and now -- contribute to the conversation. All gay people need to come out for the third time.
Tim Cook ends last week's seminal piece for Bloomberg Businessweek by writing, "This in my brick." In doing so, he laid the foundations for change in the business world. We're all capable of laying our own bricks and building this change. So here's to you, Tim: This is my brick.
Follow Barry Whyte on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bwhyte11
More:

Leak details Luxembourg corporate tax dealsLeak reveals scale of corporate tax deals with Luxembourg
Vanessa Houlder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/93e75c1a-6545-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Palestinian Kills Israeli With Car  Attacks CrowdPalestinian Kills Israeli In Jerusalem Car Attack
Reuters  | By                                                                TIA GOLDENBERG
reddit
By Jeffrey Heller and Suleiman Al-Khalidi
JERUSALEM/AMMAN, Nov 5 (Reuters) - Increasing strife over Jerusalem's most volatile holy site plunged relations between Israel and Jordan into crisis on Wednesday, with Amman recalling its ambassador for the first time since the countries' 1994 peace treaty.
In a sign of tensions, a Palestinian rammed his car into pedestrians in Jerusalem's city center on Wednesday, killing an Israeli paramilitary border policeman before he was shot dead by police. More than a dozen people were injured.
In a second attack later, a van driven by a Palestinian hit three soldiers in the occupied West Bank. One was seriously injured and two others suffered moderate wounds, an Israeli ambulance service spokesman and police said.
Security camera footage showed the large van plow into the three soldiers at speed. Police said the van escaped the scene and a search had been mounted.
The earlier car attack in Jerusalem occurred after clashes between Israeli police and Palestinians at the entrance to the 8th-century al-Aqsa mosque, Islam's third most sacred place.
Palestinian officials said Israeli forces had crossed the threshold of the mosque for the first time since 1967. Israeli police denied going into the house of worship.
Just as Israel was grappling with the second deadly Palestinian attack in Jerusalem in two weeks and the risk of a third Palestinian uprising, Jordan added a new dimension to the conflict by recalling its envoy.
Speaking in Paris as he prepared to meet U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh said Amman withdrew its ambassador because of the situation at the al-Aqsa mosque compound.
"We have sent repeated messages to Israel directly and indirectly that Jerusalem is a red line," Judeh said.
He accused the Israelis of violations and incursions, stopping people from worshipping freely and allowing extremists to enter. "These violations are infuriating" to Muslims worldwide, he said.
The Arab kingdom's official Petra news agency said Jordan would lodge a complaint with the U.N. Security Council over Israeli actions in the city and at the compound known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, housing the al-Aqsa mosque and golden Dome of the Rock shrine.
Muslims believe the Prophet Mohammad rose to heaven from the 7th-century Dome of the Rock. Jews revere the hilltop in Jerusalem's walled Old City as Temple Mount, Judaism's holiest place, where two Biblical temples once stood.
Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman Emanuel Nahshon said Jordan's move was wrong and did not contribute to calming tensions.
"We expect Jordan to condemn the premeditated violence which is directed from Ramallah, and the murder of innocents which it has caused," Nahshon said in a statement.
Jordan's step came a little over a week after Israel and Jordan marked the 20th anniversary of their peace treaty.
At a ceremony on Oct. 26 recognizing the milestone, Jordanian Ambassador Walid Obeidat sounded a cautionary note over a campaign by Israeli ultranationalists to lift a de facto ban by Israel on Jewish prayer at the sacred compound.
Obeidat said any change to the status quo there would ultimately imperil the accord, Israel's second peace agreement with an Arab state after a treaty with Egypt in 1979.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has issued public assurances that he would keep existing arrangements for Muslim prayer in place at the compound. The site has been run by Jordanian religious authorities before and after Israel's capture of East Jerusalem from Jordan in the 1967 war.
But the push for change by several far-right Israeli lawmakers and settler activists has enraged Palestinians and drawn denunciation from their leaders.
The militant Islamist group Hamas claimed responsibility for the car ramming attack, saying it responded to "continued Zionist crimes" against al-Aqsa. Two weeks ago, a baby and a woman were killed in a similar road rampage in Jerusalem.
Last week, Israel closed the compound in Jerusalem's walled Old City amid increasing Israeli-Palestinian violence around it. The move infuriated Jordan's King Abdullah, who is the official custodian of the sacred compound.
The last full closure was in 2000, when the second Palestinian uprising, or Intifada, began shortly after the then Israeli opposition leader, Ariel Sharon, visited al-Aqsa.
COMMON INTERESTS
Daniel Nevo, Israel's ambassador to Jordan, said the Israeli government was very sensitive to Amman's position on al-Aqsa and to the pro-Western kingdom's wider role in a Middle East increasingly torn by sectarian conflict.
"Our greatest fear nowadays is that someone is trying to create disturbances on the Temple Mount in order to ignite the region, in order to harm both Jordan and Israel," Nevo told Israel Radio.
"I believe that the common interest of Israel and Jordan is to survive ISIS (Islamic State insurgents) and the extremists to the north and the east."
The right-wing Netanyahu said the latest attack in Jerusalem was a direct result of what he termed incitement by Hamas and Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas over the situation at the holy compound.
A week ago, an Israeli advocate for Jewish prayer at the site was wounded by a Palestinian gunman, who was shot dead a day later by police searching for him. There have also been frequent clashes at the complex and elsewhere in East Jerusalem between Palestinian stone-throwers and Israeli riot police.
Peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians collapsed in April and since then Israel has announced plans to expand settlements in occupied territory where Palestinians seek statehood, with East Jerusalem as their capital.
A war in Hamas-run Gaza between the Israeli armed forces and Palestinian militants in July and August has also contributed to a polarization of the atmosphere. (Additional reporting by Dan Williams, Ari Rabinovitch and Ori Lewis in Jerusalem and Warren Strobel in Paris, Editing by Mark Heinrich and Janet Lawrence)
More:

Power sector has $250-bn investment potential over next 5 years: Piyush GoyalPower Minister Piyush Goyal with Chairman of Bharti Enterprises Sunil Bharti Mittal at the India Economic Summit, in the Capital on Thursday. RAMESH SHARMA
Union Minister for Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy, Piyush Goyal. (file photo)
Renewable sector set to get $100 billion
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
The power sector has the potential to attract $250 billion investments over the next five years, said Piyush Goyal, Minister of Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy.
Speaking at the World Economic Forum’s India Economic Summit 2014 here on Thursday he said, “Over the next five years, the Indian power sector would provide an investment potential of $250 billion of which $100 billion will come into the renewable energy sector and $50 billion for the transmission networks,” said Goyal.
Transmission lines
“We want clean energy and we don’t want a situation where certain States have excess power but can’t give it to deficit States due to the lack of transmission lines,” he added. Talking about power sector issues at the event, the Minister said India’s power needs is expected to double sometime during the next five years and the aim is to double current generation capacity by 2019.
“Right now we produce one trillion units a year and the aim is to take it to two trillion by 2019. But, to do it there are challenges of fuel supply and ensuring how to increase the share of renewable.
“Till now renewables only produce six per cent of the total number of units. Stranded gas-based power plants also need to be revived,” said Goyal.
The Supreme Court verdict of September 24 de-allocated 204 coal blocks given to companies between 1993 and 2010 putting pressure on the Government to ensure fuel supply to power plants.
The Government has since promulgated an ordinance to allow for e-auctioning coal blocks in order to ensure continuity of production from these blocks after March 31, 2015.
Also, the Government announced a new price for domestically produced natural gas on October 18.
These steps will take care of fuel supply concerns and the focus will now be to revive gas-based power plants, said Goyal.
On renewable and clean energy, he said that the focus of the Government is to improve the bankability of solar power purchase agreements as subsidies are a thing of the past.
Solar push
“With interest rates coming down, stability in the foreign exchange rate to help hedging, the cost of capital for renewable projects will come down. The target of solar generation has also been increased to 100,000 MW by 2022,” said the Minister.
He added that high tax paying corporates like NTPC and Coal India can invest in the renewable sector and get the benefit of tax incentives for those investments.
On nuclear projects, Goyal said that India is being cautious about nuclear power plants as the lifecycle cost of a plant is not yet clear.
“I hear that US and Europe are also not developing new nuclear power plants. We are cautious about it as we don’t want to be saddled with an old asset in the garb of alternate energy,” he added.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

India Met extends timeline for intensification of Bay depressionIndia Met extends timeline for intensification of Bay depression
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Nov 6:  
The window for intensification of a depression over central and adjoining southeast Bay of Bengal has been extended by another day.
Normally, extension of the timeline should signal waning confidence in the expected outcome but a couple of other models are giving hints to the contrary.
Deep depression
India Met Department said in the morning update that the depression in the Bay could concentrate into a deep depression (just below cyclone status) by tomorrow.
But wind field projections by the Met seem to signal a weakening of the storm by Saturday and its likely death by Sunday.
The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts says that the storm could die out even earlier.
The Global Forecast System of US National Centres for Environmental Prediction says a weakening depression will cross the coast near Chennai in Tamil Nadu.
Incoming circulation
The sole exception to this scenario is the forecast by the US Naval Observatory which sees a minimal cyclone hitting the area between Kakinada and Krishan districts of Andhra Pradesh by Saturday/Sunday.
Meanwhile, India Met has cast its eyes firmly on a low-pressure area originating in the Gulf of Thailand, 600 km southeast of Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
It is expected to cross into Andaman Sea possibly as a deep depression and hunker down the open Bay waters eyeing the Tamil Nadu-Andhra Pradesh coast.
The European Centre has refused to acknowledge the development despite the US Naval Observatory having located the system already in the Gulf of Thailand.
Rain, snow
Incoming western disturbances into northwest India are expected to precipitate rain or snow in the hilly areas and fog in the plains.
Heavy rain or snow fall has been forecast for Jammu and Kashmir over the next two days as back-to-back disturbances approach the region.
But they would also lead to a slight uptick in night temperatures since associated clouds would prevent ground radiation from escaping into atmosphere.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Satyam case: ICAI takes action against statutory auditorsSatyam case: ICAI takes action against statutory auditors
Jayanta Mallick
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov 6:  
Nearly six years after the Satyam Computer Services fraud rocked the corporate world, the Institue of Chartered Accountants of India has found the statutory auditors including audit incharge(s), the then CFO and head of internal audit department of the company guilty of professional misconduct.
ICAI said that it has decided to end the membership of the erring individuals and imposed a fine of five lakh each on them. This is the maximum punishment that the ICAI can award for such misconduct.
K Raghu, President, ICAI, said in the wake of Satyam scam, disciplinary action was initiated against these professionals suspected of misconduct.
The Indian arm of PricewaterCoopers, the statutory auditor of Sayam, was fined $6 million by the Securities and Exchange Commission for not following the code of conduct and auditing standards in the performance of its duties related to the auditing of the accounts of Satyam. The Satyam ADR was listed on NASDAQ and ADR holders had filed a class action suit to protect their interest.
After whistle blowing from within, the then Chairman of Satyam, Ramalinga Raju, resigned on January 7, 2009 for a confessed manipulation of accounts by $1.47 billion. In February 2009, CBI took over the investigation.
Meanwhile, the special court in Hyderabad trying the Satyam case is likely to pronounce the judgment on December 23. On October 30, the special court judge, BVLN Chakravarthi, deferred the case after hearing arguments on the electronic evidence, following a Supreme Court judgment on the admissibility of such evidence.
The apex court had ruled that electronic document not validated could not be admissible as evidence.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Indian Bank posts marginal rise in Q2 net profitIndian Bank posts marginal rise in Q2 net profit
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Nov 6:  
Public sector Indian Bank has reported a marginal increase in net profit for the second quarter ending September 30, 2014 at Rs 314.33 crore.
The Chennai-based bank had registered net profit of Rs 305.76 crore during the corresponding quarter of previous year, Indian Bank said in a BSE filing.
For the half-year period ending September 30, 2014, the net profits of the company declined by 16.3 per cent to Rs 521.49 crore from Rs 623.15 crore registered during the year ago period.
Total income for the second quarter ending September 30, 2014 grew to Rs 4,340.32 crore from Rs 4,078.24 crore in the same period of previous year.
For the half-year period ending September 30, 2014, the total income of the bank rose to Rs 8,484.33 crore from Rs 8,273.71 crore registered during the same period of previous year.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Wall Street moves on as GOP moves inInvestors move on as GOP moves in
By: Adam Shell November 6, 2014 7:35 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
(Photo: Allison Shelley/Getty Images)
Wall Street loves storylines, or memes, that give them reasons to either buy or sell stocks. In short, stock investors need a reason to buy, a workable new template for their investment theses, a TV-like plot line that broadcasts a bullish or bearish path.
The new reason to buy, of course, is that the Republicans are in full control of Congress and can now spread their business-friendly brand of politics to a growth-hungry audience of Wall Street traders, money managers and economists.
But the GOP’s success in getting things done — such as reworking the unworkable and costly corporate tax code that motivates some U.S. companies to pack up and reincorporate abroad where tax rates are lower — remains to be seen. One obstacle: President Obama, a Democrat, remains in the White House. So any laws Congress passes must get the seal of approval in the form of Obama’s signature.
There’s also the reality that what drives the market up one day isn’t necessarily the same thing that drives it the next day or the day after. The point: The election halo effect isn’t likely to stay in the news forever. Other headlines could soon introduce a new market narrative. It could be the October jobs report to be released Friday. A comment from a Federal Reserve banker. Or some new piece of data that makes stocks look more or less attractive, no matter who is in power.
In short: The news headlines change on a daily basis. And so do stock prices.
In pre-market trading Thursday, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 22 points, or 0.1%, and the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index was off more than 4 points, or 0.2%. Both stock indexes closed at records on Wednesday.

Indian Bank Q2 Profit Up 2.8% at Rs 314.33 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Indian Bank Q2 Profit Up 2.8 Per Cent at Rs 314.33 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 06, 2014 16:17 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Chennai: Indian Bank on Thursday reported a 2.8 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 314.33 crore for the second quarter that ended on September 30, 2014.
The Chennai-based public sector lender had registered a net profit of Rs 305.76 crore for the corresponding period a year ago, it said in a filing to the BSE.
For the half-year to September 2014, net profits declined 16.3 per cent to Rs 521.49 crore from Rs 623.15 crore a year ago.
Total income for the quarter under review grew to Rs 4,340.32 crore from Rs 4,078.24 crore in the year-ago period.
For the half-year period to September 30, 2014, total income of the bank rose to Rs 8,484.33 crore from Rs 8,273.71 crore registered for the same period of previous year.
Story first published on: November 06, 2014 14:52 (IST)

Beef Costs Eat Into Wendy s ProfitAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Sunanda death: Police banking on social media conversations to unravelmysteryPrint
Last month, a three-member panel of AIIMS doctors, who had conducted the autopsy on Sunanda had concluded that she died of poisoning but had not mentioned the kind of poison.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 8:00 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 8:11 pm
With forensic evidence not providing much headway in the probe into the Sunanda Pushkar death case, Delhi Police is now banking on the conversations she had with various people including Pakistani journalist Mehr Tarar on social networks to unravel the mystery.
Police had written to Yahoo and Google, two platforms on which Pushkar had her email accounts, and also to Twitter and Facebook for details of her social networking pages.
Investigators have already received the desired information from Yahoo and Google while Twitter and Facebook have sought clarification from the police regarding what it actually wants.
According to sources, Yahoo and Google had provided information regarding Pushkar’s email and chat conversations with various persons on these platforms. They have also shared with Delhi Police the IP addresses of those, with whom Sunanda was in touch.
Based on the information, police has made a list of the people with whom the wife of former Union minister Shashi Tharoor had communicated and who may now be quizzed in this regard.
Investigators are of the view that the messages exchanged on various social networking sites will reveal Sunanda’s state of mind and also the circumstances in which she died and whether her tiff with Tarar had anything to do with her death.
Investigators also want to determine whether some of these mails or chat conversations were deleted. Three of Sunanda’s phones have also been sent for detailed analysis to extract the messages exchanged on BBM and whether any of them were wiped off.
Last month, a three-member panel of AIIMS doctors, who had conducted the autopsy on Sunanda had concluded that she died of poisoning but had not mentioned the kind of poison.
The board had also not explained so as to how the poison reached inside her body. Police has now sought answers of these questions from the doctors.
Sunanda was found dead in a five-star hotel in south Delhi on the night of January 17. Police has not registered an FIR in this case and an inquest proceeding under section 176 CrPc is on.
The probe into the case was handed over to the Crime Branch on January 23. However, the case was transferred back to the South District police two days later.

Undertrials drug policemen en route from court hearing  fail to escapePrint
By: Express News Service | Jaipur | Posted: November 6, 2014 7:55 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 8:03 pm
Two undertrials on their way back from a court hearing in Mathura drugged five accompanying policemen with sedative laced sweets that were offered as ‘prasad’.
The sweets were delivered to the undertrials at the Mathura bus stand by an accomplice. One of the constables, who refused to have the sweets citing health reasons, alerted the Bassi police station when he realized that all the other policemen had collapsed during the journey and the undertrials were trying to escape.
Vinod, a resident of Agra and Dhiraj from Mathura, have been lodged in a Jaipur jail on charges of murder. They had to appear before a court in Mathura in an unrelated case on Wednesday and were escorted by six policemen. On their way back, they boarded a bus at the Mathura bus stand where an accomplice Rajneesh, handed the undertrials two packets of sweets. Vinod and Dhiraj offered them to the escorting policemen but they turned it down.
After the bus reached Dausa, the undertrials offered the sweets to two co-passengers as ‘prasad.’ The policemen fell for the trap and too agreed to have the ‘prasad’ but one constable, Sanjeev, refused citing health reasons.
After travelling a short distance the constable saw all his colleagues and the two co-passengers losing consciousness. He raised an alert in the bus and also called for help from neighbouring Bassi police station. An additional case was registered against Vinod and Dhiraj.

Bikers Counterproductively Against Child AbuseFrom last week’s Long v. State (Fla. Ct. App. Oct. 29, 2014) (2-to-1 vote):
Brian Scott Long appeals his convictions of two counts of lewd and lascivious molestation and one count of sexual battery by a person in familial or custodial authority. Because men wearing jackets embroidered with “Bikers Against Child Abuse” were in the presence of jurors prior to the commencement of the trial, we conclude that inherent prejudice has been established and that there was an unacceptable risk that impermissible factors affected the jury. Accordingly, Long’s convictions are reversed, the sentences vacated, and the cause remanded for a new trial….
Inherent prejudice has been shown here. By displaying their insignia, the bikers intended to do more than be present as support for the victim. After all, the victim already knew the bikers. Thus, they could have provided support to her by merely being present without wearing any distinguishing clothing. Instead, in apparent contravention of the prosecutor’s instruction, the bikers chose to appear, as the morning trial was set to commence, in clothing which was intended “to communicate a message to the jury.” Woods, 923 F.2d at 1459. That message was the appellant was a sexual abuser and that sexual abuse was to be condemned by a guilty verdict. As the trial court stated below, the bikers engaged in “reckless advocacy” — advocacy of a certain outcome to be reached by the jury regardless of what the State proved at trial….
A fair trial is, fundamentally, a trial free from “influence or domination by either a hostile or friendly mob. There is no room at any stage of judicial proceedings for such intervention; mob law is the very antithesis of due process.” While we would not describe the bikers with a perjorative term such as mob, it is nevertheless the case that these individuals appeared at trial with the announced purpose of remonstrating “against child abuse.” The bikers, then, sought to send an implied message to the jury that Long should be found guilty. Such a message has no part in a trial.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Book Review: Why Law Matters  by Alon HarelBy Will Baude November 6
My colleague Alon Harel (visiting Chicago from Hebrew University of Jerusalem) has a new book out called “Why Law Matters,” the second half of which is a normative, non-consequentialist, argument for why we should have entrenched constitutions and judicial review. (A position that is taken for granted by most Americans, but not by everyone.)
In a nutshell, the argument works from the premise that there’s a right to due process, which includes the right to a hearing. By analogy, Harel argues that there’s a process value in constitutionalism and judicial review. Just as it’s good to give people a chance to be heard even if the hearing doesn’t alter the outcome, it’s better for rights to be enforced as a matter of duty — by constitutionalism and judicial mandate — even if the legislature might have done the same thing anyway.
I found this argument fascinating, and thought-provoking, especially because it proceeds on such different lines than American debates about judicial review and constitutionalism normally do. Two additional observations:
First, from an American point of view there’s something backwards about the way this argument proceeds. Harel starts from the premise of due process, and derives from it the value of written constitutions. The conventional American approach would be to start with our Constitution, and derive from it a right to due process. Figuring out which rights and institutions should be assumed as premises and which ones should be derived as conclusions is an important move that many people don’t think about.
Second, while Harel’s book mostly assumes a regime of judicial supremacy, I think it is equally consistent with a narrower regime of departmentalist judicial review. Indeed, the deep connection between constitutional judicial review and the individual right to due process helps to reinforce the idea that judicial review can be limited to the rights of the parties before the Court. This was the topic of my first law review article , and so of course it still remains a hobbyhorse of mine. It seems to me the due process analogy could also support strict personal standing requirements. Those aren’t Harel’s conclusions, but they could be. Maybe they should be.
Anyway, I thought it might interest those who want a new perspective on these issues.
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

G20 committed to dealing with cross border ...Base Erosion
(India today said the Grouping…)
NEW DELHI: As it attempts to unearth black money stashed abroad, India today said the Grouping of 20 major economies(G20) of which it is a member is committed to a global response to deal with cross border tax avoidance and evasion.
Tax evasion will be a key issue at G20's upcoming summit in Brisbane which is expected to deliberate on a timeline for implementing the common reporting standards for automatic exchange of tax information by 2017. Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be among other world leaders to attend the two-day summit starting on November 15.
Former Union Minister Suresh Prabhu , who will be Modi's 'sherpa' at the summit, said there will be a particular focus on steps to deal with Base Erosion and Profit Sharing(BEPS), where globally operating firms shift profits to low or no-tax jurisdictions.
"There will be a new platform, a new regime and common reporting standrds," Prabhu said, giving a broad overview on the G20 priorities at the summit.
An action plan to tackle BEPS to make sure companies pay their fair share of tax is expected to be finalized in 2015. The BEPS initiative would ensure that tax is paid where profits are made.
India last month failed to attend an OECD meeting in Berlin where a multilateral agreement requiring a commitment to follow international standards of confidentiality for information received relating to black money was signed.
Official sources said that India was not able to attend the Berlin meeting where it was to sign a multilateral competent authority agreement and intended first information exchange date.
The Government of India had to give an international commitment that it would follow international standards on information received.
At the meeting of the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), 51 countries signed the agreement to share financial data and boost efforts to crack down on tax evasion.
The transparency drive, which will launch the automatic exchange of tax information between countries, was hailed by finance ministers as a watershed in the battle against tax dodgers.
Prabhu also said that taxation issues relating to ecommerce required consideration of the G20 countries.
"There is some progress but lot needs to be done," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Congress  BJP slam Nitesh Ranes anti-GujaratirantBy: Press Trust of India | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 6, 2014 9:16 pm
Maharashtra Congress MLA Nitesh Rane on Thursday drew severe flak from his party as well as BJP for passing “derogatory” remarks against Gujarati community staying in Mumbai.
“Nitesh Rane’s tweet is his personal statement. As far as Congress is concerned, our party never endorses such irresponsible statements and ideology,” said Gujarat unit party spokesperson Manish Doshi.
“Congress is always against dividing people in the name of language and territory. Any citizen of India can live and earn his livelihood anywhere in India,” Doshi said.
Gujarat BJP General Secretary I K Jadeja registered a strong protest against the “anti-Gujarati” rant by Nitesh, son of senior Congress leader Narayan Rane, terming them as “cheap mentality”.
“Narayan Rane’s son has revealed his cheap mindset. Just like people from other states gave their contribution in the development Gujarat, Gujarati community gave their contribution in the development of Maharashtra. Thus, to have such mindset against Gujarati community is highly condemnable” Jadeja told reporters.
Nitesh, a first-term MLA, kicked off a storm saying that he wants to begin Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Clean India’ campaign from Mumbai by cleaning the city of all Gujaratis who hate Marathis.
“Wanna take part in Swacha Bharat abhiyan n start from mumbai!! Wanna start cleaning up all the Marathi hating gujjus from there once for all,” Nitesh posted on Twitter yesterday.

PMO asks Shiv Sena for 2 names to be included in Narendra ModigovtPrint
The offer of ministerial berths to Sena at the Centre is being seen as an attempt by BJP to humour the former ally into backing the Maharashtra government during the floor test. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 6, 2014 8:33 pm | Updated: November 6, 2014 8:50 pm
Amid the continuing uncertainty over Shiv Sena’s participation in the BJP-led government in Maharashtra, the party on Thursday said two of its MPs would be inducted into the Union Council of Ministers when Prime Minister Narendra Modi expands it on Sunday.
“We have got a call from the Prime Minister’s office requesting us to recommend two names that we feel should be included in Modiji’s cabinet. Though we have several names, Uddhavji will send his recommendation by tomorrow morning,” a Sena MP told PTI, requesting anonymity.
The offer of ministerial berths to Sena at the Centre, coming as it does after Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis made it clear that no Shiv Sena minister will be inducted into his ministry before it wins trust vote on November 12, is being seen as an attempt by BJP to humour the former ally into backing the government during the floor test.
While BJP had insisted on Sena first helping it sail through the trust vote, the latter wanted at least some of its ministers included in the Fadnavis government before November 12.
Though both sides have claimed power-sharing talks were in progress, they have not yet been able to sort out the differences over Sena’s demand for deputy chief ministership and 2:1 share of ministries.
Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete is the lone Shiv Sena Minister in the Union Cabinet and the party has often complained about having been neglected by BJP at the Centre.
The Sena MP said though Uddhav would send the names of MPs to be included in the Union government tomorrow, it should not be “misconstrued” as indication of it being prepared to relent on its demands in Maharashtra.
“Please do not equate the demands made by our party to the Central and the state governments. Our demands are different on different levels. We are firm on our demands as far as the state is concerned,” he said.

http://usat.ly/1wzJfN1FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
No regrets: Texas nurse who got Ebola would treat again
A Dallas nurse who contracted the deadly Ebola virus after treating the nation's only Ebola fatality said Thursday she has no regrets about treating Thomas Eric Duncan and would do it again.
Post to Facebook
No regrets: Texas nurse who got Ebola would treat again A Dallas nurse who contracted the deadly Ebola virus after treating the nation's only Ebola fatality said Thursday she has no regrets about treating Thomas Eric Duncan and would do it again. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qroLQM
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
58
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
No regrets: Texas nurse who got Ebola would treat again
John Bacon , USA TODAY 1:12 p.m. EST November 6, 2014
Video Keywords new cases Ebola Virus Matt Lauer West Africa eye ear critical shortage health care workers healing process rapid growth Frankfurt Africa Ireland's America
Vinson appeared on the "Today" show to talk about what really happened in the days before she was diagnosed with Ebola. USA TODAY medical reporter Liz Szabo weighs in on the interview. (USA NOW, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  I was never told that I couldn't travel. And I
00:06  topped management and purse and they fit that the CDC says
00:10  it was okay. Ago that's nurse amber Benson on The Today
00:15  Show this morning just. Steve after being released from the hospital
00:18  for treatment of the Ebola Virus. She said that after her
00:21  patient Eric Duncan die from Angela she did board a plane
00:26  because she was allowed to travel and she felt. Every edit.
00:30  Some want that but we hear dole fired and didn't feel
00:34  right that examiners have medical transaction gains. Quantify how I was
00:39  billing act so. And I felt normal I'm Carly amount bomb
00:44  on USA now we've medical reporter at this Thabo and we're
00:48  talking not in her isn't because she said she did not
00:51  feel unwell when she was flying but. Does that mean it
00:54  was safe for her to flag it what are the rules
00:57  about that. One thing we know that evil let is that
00:59  it's impossible to transmit it. Before you should symptoms in fact
01:03  he may even be contagious for Q3 days after you start
01:07  showing symptoms. When people try to test to see if they
01:10  can find the Ebola Virus in someone's bland. The nothing can
01:14  even find it and it's in such small amounts and glad.
01:17  That they came to attack the virus for Q3 days after
01:20  someone has a heater. So if she was on the plane
01:24  feeling sign with new fever. That suggests that she was not
01:28  arrest and now it's. Something that probably was more dangerous with
01:32  the fact that it was that she was free to use
01:35  the protective equipment and all before this. Receipt report treating some
01:39  people that's what she told Matt Lauer and in this thing.
01:42  You know read it that he would much training the first
01:46  time that I've put on and protective equipment. I was heading
01:51  in to take care of the patient. That is worrisome if
01:56  she had never tried on the protective equipment before she was
01:59  actually meeting in Ebola patient he gets experts count mean that.
02:03  And that what's important is not just in mount a vote
02:06  of equipment that you have on how much skin is covered
02:09  by your gloves and buy your gan. But how could you
02:12  are and how he can you are practicing getting it off
02:14  and time. Actually taking that thing off in the right way
02:18  that's right case you've got to make sure that you are
02:22  taking off in reverse order that you pretty time BK is.
02:25  Taking off the garment is actually more dangerous than putting a
02:28  mine because she may have spilled blood from the patient. On
02:31  your garments. Snow what experts actually suggest is to have someone
02:36  supervising you have a body making sure that you're drafting correctly.
02:40  And then taking all of that option in the correct order
02:43  and they eat deli accidently get a little blood in your
02:45  eye ear piece your hands and you're just wrote thing. After
02:49  you saw that whole interview with that we are what did
02:52  you come away with what what did you take from. Well
02:55  I think that amber and since he was very dedicated and
02:58  all of the doctors and nurses that I talk to you
03:00  who are treating the patient incredibly committed and I think it's.
03:04  It really speaks to that commitment that she would be willing
03:07  to treat someone else again. Because and again it's doctors and
03:10  nurses who are at higher risk I think if we look
03:13  at the case of Thomas Duncan. He really he really illustrates
03:17  that it's hard to transmit this virus in the early stages.
03:21  Nine of his relatives living with him in his apartment caught
03:24  the virus yet you've got sick it was his tenure since
03:27  in the icu. Kissing her Sissy patients when it emerged sick.
03:32  When they have the hires highest viral learned. And these are
03:35  people who really killing harm's way. And say they they really
03:39  have an impressive level authentication. Yes she did say in an
03:42  interview like you said that. No question she would treat someone
03:46  with Ebola. If that was in Frankfurt she had to do
03:49  and I think I just think that's healing process there is
03:52  at a critical shortage of health care workers in Africa and
03:56  and there's a fear that it. People are getting warranty of
03:59  these health care workers in America are getting quarantine and not
04:01  treated so well they might not want to go to Africa
04:04  to help treat people with this disease. There's still over thirteen
04:07  thousand cases in West Africa and with a little glimmer of
04:11  possible good news last week can only be area. Because it
04:14  looked like the rate of new cases a number of new
04:17  cases was fine and we still get you cases. On however
04:21  they weren't they know Britney cases wasn't growing quite as rapidly
04:25  as in past. But one area that is of concern is
04:29  here alien here alien had 435. New cases just in the
04:33  past week. And put this in perspective the outbreak has been
04:36  going on since March. That's seven months. And yet 24%. Of
04:42  policy Ireland's cases have been just in the past three weeks
04:46  that's really rapid growth and people are really concerned. Look to
04:50  keep up with. All of that the Ebola outbreak in Africa
04:53  and other is related. Well is they've those stories they're all
04:57  USA today Akram.

Fannie  Freddie Post Profits in 3Q; Pay DividendsAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Wall St. retreats off record peaks as energy  techs fallWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Tata Comm inks pact with Google for cloud servicesTata Comm inks pact with Google for cloud services
PTI
New Delhi, Nov 6:  
Global internet solution provider Tata Communications today said it has become authorised partner for Google Cloud Platform.
Under the terms of this agreement, Google’s new service, Google Cloud Interconnect will connect with Tata Communications’ IZO Public platform that enables companies to set up their cloud computing facility.
“Together with Google, we are committed in creating an ecosystem to make the Internet fit for business to address how businesses use the Internet to connect to the cloud in a secure and predictable way,” Tata Communications’ NextGen Business CEO Julie Woods—Moss said in a statement.
Cloud platform offers access to computing facility like storage or software on pay as per use model instead of buying the full product at one go. Most of the companies are now accessing software and storage through cloud business model to reduce their expenses as per business needs.
Tata Communications has already partnered with Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure for IZO platform. The company launched IZO platform last week in 34 countries and plans to expand it to 100 countries by 2016.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

India seeks New Zealands help in animal disease controlIndia seeks New Zealand’s help in animal disease control
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, November 6:  
India has asked New Zealand to extend cooperation in the field of controlling diseases in animals through vaccines, an official release said here on Wednesday.
Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh, told a high-level delegation led by New Zealand’s Minister of Primary Industries, Nathan Guy, of the big scope for export of a large number of Indian agricultural commodities, such as garlic, grapes, wheat, groundnut, and sugar.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Worlds fastest elevators race to the topElevators race to top as technology matches skyscraper growth
Tanya Powley, Manufacturing Correspondent and John Burn-Murdoch, Interactive Data Journalist
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1392ab72-64e2-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Morrison and M&S lead retailers higherMorrison and M&S lead retailers higher
Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8dea33c8-6595-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Payrolls put US rate debate in spotlightRelease of payrolls data puts US rate debate in spotlight
Michael Hunter
The US central bank’s tone on the labour market is beginning to change
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/18e49dba-65a5-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Watchdog set to review free bankingWatchdog’s UK bank review set to question free current accounts
Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f0812ed8-65b3-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi sell-off drive stalls  more spending cuts on wayNarendra Modi govt's sell-off drive stalls, more spending cuts on way
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 6, 2014  | 21:59 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The government will fall well short of its $9.5 billion privatisation target this year, despite a big stock market rally that has attracted foreign investors, two sources told Reuters.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious selloff agenda has met resistance from labour unions and faces delays due to bureaucratic upheaval caused by a purge of the top team at the finance ministry that handles asset sales.
Officials say a fall in global oil prices will reduce the government's subsidy burden, giving it a greater chance of hitting its ambitious fiscal deficit target of 4.1 percent of gross domestic product in the fiscal year to March.
But they warn that revenues from share sales could reach just half the target, forcing Modi to take the axe again to spending after he last week banned bureaucrats from flying first class and staying at five-star hotels.
"At the most we could raise Rs 25,000-30,000 crore ($4.1-$4.8 billion) from disinvestment this year," one senior finance ministry official with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
India's bloated public sector is a legacy of its Soviet-style planned economy but, despite Modi's pro-business platform, it avoids even using the word "privatisation".
"It's more a divestment model," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told a World Economic Forum conference on Wednesday, stressing that the state would keep control over strategic state enterprises.
In his maiden Budget, Jaitley set a target of raising Rs 58,400 crore ($9.5 billion) from the sale of shares in companies in which the state has majority and minority stakes.
Yet the government has so far raised Rs 51,800 crore , less than one thousandth of its target, with more than half of the fiscal year gone. The Budget assumes that sell-off proceeds will generate 5.6 per cent of total revenues.
"Given the sluggish growth of tax revenues in (the) first half of 2014/15, meeting the disinvestment target would be crucial to ensure that the fiscal deficit remains in line with the budgeted level," said Aditi Nayar, an economist at ICRA, the Indian arm of rating agency Moody's.
BANNER SALE
The government is in the final stages of preparing its first major sale to raise about $2.8 billion from a 5 percent stake in energy explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), two sources told Reuters on Wednesday.
The cabinet has already given approval to sell a 10 per cent stake in Coal India that could help raise nearly $3 billion, besides shares in power producer NHPC and Steel Authority of India (SAIL).
But it faces opposition from trade unions to the Coal India sale, amid a power crisis caused by chronic shortfalls in production.
Over 400,000 Coal India employees, who blocked the previous government's attempt to sell a 10 percent stake, have threatened to strike on November 24 against privatisation.
"Employees do not want privatisation because it will encourage plundering of mines and push the workers back into slavery," said Jibon Roy, general secretary, All India Coal Workers Federation.
The government's plans to raise Rs 15,000 crore by selling its minority stakes in Hindustan Zinc and BALCO face a legal challenge from trade unions that have gone to the Supreme Court.
"I see no possibility of share sales in Hindustan Zinc and BALCO this fiscal year," said another senior finance ministry official with knowledge of the matter.
Officials worry that a shortfall in proceeds from share sales and lower tax collections due to the weak economic recovery could force them to cut budgeted spending again.
"The situation is not as bad as last year, but we may need expenditure cuts, maybe of Rs 20,000-25,000 crore," said the first source, adding there could be savings in capital spending as some ministries were unable to spend allocated funds.
In the last four years, India has raised Rs 75,800 crore against a budgeted target of Rs 1.5 trillion from the share sale programme.
($1 = 61.4200 rupees)

Cotton farmers hit by falling prices  rising input costs and Chinas importsqueezePrint
The global glut has resulted in the Cotlook ‘A Index’ price dropping to below 69 cents now.
Written by Gopal B Kateshiya , Vivek Deshpande | Rajkot/nagpur | Posted: November 6, 2014 9:30 pm | Updated: November 7, 2014 11:32 am
For Kanaksinh Jadeja, Arvind Bhoyar and Rubhash Jakhar, cotton symbolised hope and a reason to believe there was still a future in agriculture.
All three farmers — from Panchiyavadar in Gondal taluka of Rajkot (Gujarat), Ashi in Warora tehsil of Chandrapur (Maharashtra) and Patrewala in Fazilka (Punjab) respectively — made decent money over the last 10 years by growing cotton. They were helped by two factors.
The first was higher price realisations . Between 2002-03 and 2013-14, average annual prices of kapas (raw, un-ginned cotton) rose from around Rs 2,200 per quintal to well over Rs 5,000 per quintal for the standard J-34 variety. This was enabled to a significant extent by global prices: During this period, the Cotlook ‘A Index’, a representative average of quotes from major markets, increased from under 59 cents a pound to 88 cents a pound.
The second was Bt technology, which led to a near-doubling of average cotton yields. As farmers saw both prices and yields going up, they responded by planting more area under cotton, even as the country’s production almost trebled.
But this year, the story isn’t that good.
Bhoyar has just sold kapas from his first picking at Rs 3,800 a quintal, slightly above the Centre’s minimum support price (MSP) of Rs 3,750 for medium-staple varieties. Last year, he received Rs 4,900.
Bhoyar’s disappointment — “The farmer is alive only because he cannot die”, as he puts it — is shared by his fellow farmers from Rajkot and Fazilka.
Jadeja has realised a price of Rs 3,905, well below the Rs 4,700 at this time last year.
Jakhar has had to sell long-staple J-45 hybrid kapas — which attracts a higher MSP of Rs 3,950 — for Rs 4,000 per quintal, against Rs 5,300 per quintal last time.
Adding to their disappointment is the fact that the remunerative realisations of the last three years — kapas prices crossed the Rs 6,500-level in 2011 — had prompted them to expand the crop area this year. A patchy monsoon and delayed rains only helped, as cotton requires relatively less water while being amenable to late sowing.
Jadeja last year planted cotton in only 35 bighas of his 95-bigha holding, and groundnut in the rest. This time, he grew cotton in 55 bighas (6 bighas make an acre).
India’s total cotton area has gone up from 114.37 lakh hectares (lh) to a record 126.55 lh this year. Maharashtra alone has registered an increase from 38.68 lh to 41.92 lh, and Gujarat from 26.88 lh to 30.06 lh.
The acreage switch strategy has, however, not paid off. “We have been squeezed between low prices and high input costs. Diesel has become cheaper only now, when the season is over, while continued…

Govt. considers land bank for industry allocationPITHAPURAM (East Godavari Dist.), November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 21:47 IST
Govt. considers land bank for industry allocation
K. N. Murali Sankar
THE HINDU Finance Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnduru, Home Minister N. Chinna Rajappa at a Janmabhoomi programme in Mavooru Gollaprolu Mandal. Photo: S. Rambabu
TOPICS
construction and property
Govt. to constitute committees in all districts to identify land for industrial development. The government has already allocated Rs. 5,000 crore for setting up Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) terminals in Kakinada and Visakhapatnam.
The State government is considering setting up a ‘Land Bank’ by identifying 2 lakh acres across the State, which are being allocated to various industrial units. Announcing this here on Thursday, Finance Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu said the government was not against industrial development but opposed to pollutant industries.
“We are welcoming industrialists to set up industries by using ultra-modern machinery, so that the release of pollutants can be mitigated. Industrial development will not only boost the State’s economy, but it can also address unemployment to some extent,” Mr. Ramakrishnudu said. He was speaking on the sidelines of the ‘Janmabhoomi-Maa Vooru’ programme here.
He added that the government would appoint committees in all districts with officials and farmers as members, and they would look into lands that had already been allocated for industrial development. “These committees will also check whether the lands are being used for industrial development. Similarly, they are also expected to identify the lands that are used for industrial development in the districts,” he said.
Stating that the government has already allocated Rs. 5,000 crore for setting up Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) terminals in Kakinada and Visakhapatnam, Mr. Ramakrishnudu said the State was opposed to the setting up of the ship-breaking unit in Kakinada, and that it was instead demanding sanction for a ship-building unit. “Similarly, we want the Union government to sanction a commercial port at Kakinada, instead of the captive port that has been proposed in KSEZ,” he said.
Mr. Ramakrishnudu also said there was no harm to the environment owing to the setting up of a hardware park in Kakinada that was proposed in the Union Budget.

Apple Pay... no thanks!apple pay... no thanks!
Illinois employers warn of 900 layoffs39
Sears Holdings, which also operates Kmart stores, said it planned to lay off a total of 180 workers as it closes 2 Kmart stores in Forest Park and Peoria. These stores were among a list of 55 Kmart, 30 Sears and 31 Sears Auto Center locations slated to close from September to mid-January according to a report last month.
Mount Zion Flat Glass said it will let go of 187 workers by the end of the year when it closes its doors.
Other companies announcing layoffs include Nokia Solutions and Networks, which plans to lay off 83 employees, Rock Island-based Country Stone Holdings which will lay off 74 workers, and hotel operator Atwood which plans to lay off 48 workers at its Loop location. Lastly, Comcast said it planned to close a center in Schaumburg and lay off 63 employees.
The Illinois Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act requires businesses with 75 or more employees to provide the state with 60 days advance notice of pending plant closures or mass layoffs.

8 Hotly Debated Issues... From the Election That Never Wasreddit
Call it the Election That Never Was.
We've heard a lot of talk about this week's election, but the election we needed is the one we didn't see. The important issues, the issues that affected people's daily lives, were never debated. Voters never heard a genuine exchange of views and never had a chance to vote on competing visions of the future.
It has been suggested that the Democratic Party can run and win on social issues in 2016, but that seems less likely after this year's results. If voters can reject a personhood amendment and elect a far-right Republican on the same ballot, social issues aren't likely to be the cure-all some Democrats are seeking.
It's clearer than ever: If Democrats don't offer bold solutions to some fundamental economic issues (we'll offer eight of them, but there are more) then the implications for their party -- and for the country -- are profound, and dire.
Grading on a curve.
It's true that this was never expected to be a good year for Democrats. But the results were worse than expected, even given this year's special circumstances. The gubernatorial results alone demonstrate that this election was a party failure, despite the mitigating circumstances, even if we're grading on a curve. As political strategist Celinda Lake noted when we interviewed her afterwards, this was a "wave" election -- and it broke against Democrats.
Waves break quickly, but they form slowly. Public disaffection with the president -- and, by extension, his party -- built over years. If Democrats want to turn the tide for future elections, there's not much time to waste.
Political insiders may sneer at the choices made by "low information" voters. But every member of the electorate is a high-information voter about at least one subject: his or her own life. They bring that information into the polling booth and vote accordingly.
Times are still hard for a lot of people. People understand intuitively that "the system is rigged," but only a few leaders have explained why and by whom. Most Democratic candidates offered no explanations for the continuing hard times and few meaningful ideas for ending them.
For far too long, President Obama avoided confronting Republicans, embracing some of their proposals as his own and paying a price for their unpopularity -- a cost his party now also bears. We saw that pattern repeated this year as Republicans once again ran to Democrats' left on Social Security, punishing them mercilessly for supporting the supposedly "bipartisan" Simpson-Bowles benefit cut.
Democratic candidates understandably struggled with the president's unpopularity. But many seemed to confuse his image with their party's, abandoning its traditional strengths in an attempt to distance themselves from him.
If so, they miscalculated. Democrats seemed timid and non-confrontational, especially in the South. They seemed unwilling to bring a fight to even the most aggressive opponents -- opponents who didn't hesitate to savage them at every turn. Too many Dems seemed indecisive and apologetic, agreeable ciphers rather than courageous leaders, even as their opponents assumed empty postures of courage or decisiveness. (A friend wondered last night if Alison Lundergan Grimes would acknowledge voting for herself when the voting was over.)
In a race between a candidate and a non-candidate, the candidate wins every time.
The Groucho Paradox
To be fair, Democrats were fighting forces that had been years in the making. And yet, in a much-remarked upon and seemingly paradoxical outcome, voters who rejected Democratic candidates simultaneously embraced Democratic ideas -- or ideas that used to be considered Democratic -- in referendums and propositions around the country. They voted to increase the minimum wage everywhere it was on the ballot, in six states and three cities -- and they did so by wide margins. Voters in solidly-red Phoenix, Arizona, " soundly " rejected a measure that would have cut pensions for city workers.
Voters also relaxed marijuana laws in two states and the District of Columbia. They would've done the same in Florida, according to polls, before Sheldon Adelson financed a massive campaign against it. T(he measure still garnered 57 percent of the vote, but needed 60 percent to pass.) And in a move to protect reproductive rights, two states rejected so-called "personhood" laws.
To paraphrase a Groucho Marx line: They like everything about you, Democrats, except you.
The success of these initiatives presents a striking contrast to candidates' performance. Alaska's minimum-wage increase passed by 69 percent, but Democratic Sen. Mark Begich lost. In Arkansas the minimum-wage measure passed with 65 percent of the vote, even as incumbent Sen. Mark Pryor went down to defeat. (Pryor sent mixed signals on the minimum wage, supporting the state measure but opposing a Federal increase.)
The seeming "paradox" of voters choosing Democratic policies while electing Republican politicians isn't really a paradox at all -- if Democrats haven't campaigned on those policies.
The debate that wasn't.
Meanwhile, in some alternate universe, the Election That Never Was was fought over the economic issues that affect most Americans. Here are eight issues that were hotly debated in that campaign -- a campaign which, needless to say, had a very different outcome:
1. The American majority has lost 75 years' worth of wealth.
Economists Emmanuel Saez and Gabriel Zucman have measured the loss : The majority (defined as the "bottom" 90 percent of Americans) has lost all of the wealth it accumulated after 1940. Decades of postwar growth built the middle class, but the wealth which the American majority accumulated over nearly three-quarters of a century is now gone:
The authors measured wealth by totaling up home equity, stocks and bonds, the value of pension plans and other assets, and then subtracting the debt people hold. The result? All of the majority's wartime and postwar wealth is gone now.
It hasn't disappeared, of course. It's been shifted upward -- to the top 10 percent, and (most dramatically) to the top 0.1 percent:
And while the wealthiest among us have been grabbing an ever-growing share of the pie, the nation has been trembling in fear of ... what? ISIS? Ebola?
This wealth shift has undone nearly 75 years of progress, with profound implications for the financial well-being of most Americans, but very few voters even heard about it.
2. Student debt is destroying a generation.
We already knew that student debt has reached unprecedented heights, locking young people into a spiral of almost insurmountable debt even as they enter a highly limited job market. Thanks to a new study, we now also know that it is degrading the quality of their lives. A new study shows that students who struggle with educational debt of $50,000 or more suffer in four out of five aspects of well-being, as measured by the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index: a sense of purpose, financial well-being, community relations, and physical health. (There is no evidence that they experience loss in the other measurement, which is social.)
The total amount of student debt in this country is approximately $1.2 trillion. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York estimates that more than 13 percent of student debt holders owe $50,000 or more, and the average senior with student debt owes more than $26,000.
What kind of society wounds the lives of its children, the generation that will forge its future? And why was student debt only mentioned in passing in this year's election, with no proposal for fundamentally changing a system which causes so much harm and perpetuates inequality?
3. Banks are still robbing, cheating, and breaking the law.
The ongoing financial catastrophe which some call the Great Recession (I prefer The Long Depression ) still haunts us -- most of us, that is. Banks, the institutions whose criminality and fraud caused the crisis, are doing just fine, thank you very much. They were rescued by taxpayers, the criminals within them were never prosecuted, and their senior executives never paid a price for running institutions which functionally became crime syndicates.
Instead of facing criminal investigations, bank executives were allowed to negotiate "settlement deals" that forced other people to pay a penalty for their misdeeds. These bankers didn't even have to admit they broke the law. All they had to do was promise not to break the law again.
Now, in what must be the least surprising story to come out of Wall Street in a decade, we learn that they've broken that promise, too .
Democrats in the White House protected bankers (although Dems on the Hill did take some initial steps to rein them in with Dodd/Frank). Republicans in Congress groveled at their feet . And nobody talked about Wall Street criminality during this election, despite the fact that the wrongdoing goes on.
4. The economy continues to grow more slowly than expected.
Both Democrats and Republicans in Congress have based their decisions -- or at least their public arguments -- on the economic projections provided by the Congressional Budget Office (CBO). As it turns out, the CBO has consistently expected the economy to do better than it has:
Its predictions have become consistently more grim -- but the economy's performance has been grimmer still. Throughout this year-long campaign, almost nobody asked why -- or what could be done about it.
The austerity measures which Republicans foisted on the nation, often with the President's rhetorical support, stifled growth considerably. These austerity policies cost the nation millions of jobs and billions in lost wages -- and were never debated, even though roughly 90 percent of the electorate considered the economy their No. 1 priority.
5. People need jobs -- lots of jobs.
Labor force participation is at historic lows. Even the official unemployment rate, which is a less reliable measure in periods of protracted joblessness, is extremely high. Our infrastructure -- roads, schools, bridges, power plants -- needs trillions of dollars in repairs.
But Republicans have refused to spend the money needed to create those jobs or fix our infrastructure. Even the President's American Jobs Act, an underpowered measure laced with tax cuts to lure the GOP, was considered "too liberal" to be politically feasible.
How often did you hear specific job programs -- not magical talk about tax cut prestidigitation, but real jobs programs -- discussed in this election?
6. Social Security is a core value.
The polling is clear: Americans want Social Security expanded, and they want millionaires to pay for it. But most Democrats (with a few notable exceptions) equivocated on the issue for years. Even Nancy Pelosi, widely considered a liberal stalwart of the Democratic Congress, publicly praised the Simpson-Bowles plan -- a plan which included cuts to Social Security and Medicare.
Predictably, Republicans ran to the left of Democrats on this issue -- again. In 2010 they used a mythical "Seniors' Bill of Rights" program to steal Democrats' thunder on the issue, despite their attempt to privatize Social Security a few short years before. This year they ran ads against Democrats who supported Simpson Bowles, claiming (with some accuracy) that these Dems supported a plan that would cut Social Security.
To be sure, Mark Begich made Social Security expansion a signature issue in Alaska and, while the outcome isn't final in his race, things aren't looking good for him. But Begich was fighting a rising tide of perception -- and running in a heavily red state. Bruce Braley embraced it, too. But Braley's move, which came in the waning weeks of his campaign, had the air of a deathbed conversion.
Should we expand Social Security benefits, or cut them and privatize the program? This year we never had a real debate on its future.
7. Climate change is a trillion-dollar problem -- and could drown much of New York City.
How's this for a dose of reality? A new study shows that much of New York City now lies in a flood zone, putting an estimated $129 billion worth of property at risk. Multiplied out to every coastal city in the nation, the risk runs into the trillions -- and it's greatly exacerbated by climate change, according to experts.
Yes, climate change is real -- and it is already beginning to have a devastating impact on our economy.
Republicans continue to do the Koch brothers' dirty work by denying the reality of climate change. And yet, incredibly, the fate of the planet itself was never debated in this year's election.
(One of the neighborhoods which is expected to be flooded in a near-future New York is Wall Street. You can file that under "Silver Linings.")
8. The Republicans have no plan for fixing the economy.
Consider this quote: "... It (The Republican economic platform) just struck me as sort of a compendium of modest expectations. If you ask me, 'What's your ballpark guess for how many jobs are going to be created?,' it's just not many."
Or this response to the GOP's economic proposals: "I don't think any of these are particular game changers."
That's just what Republican economists think. Needless to say, independent and left-leaning analysts are even less impressed.
The Republicans don't have a plan to fix our economy. Even their favorite economists say so. Did you hear that come up in this year's campaigning?
Conclusion
Democrats allowed themselves to be outplayed by Republicans who obscured their own policies and, in too many cases, sounded an awful lot as if they were Democrats themselves . That shouldn't have been a surprise. Republicans are very good at finding Democratic strengths and undermining them.
This year's political jujitsu involved a lot of sympathetic talk from Republicans about the economic plight of the majority, and a lot of backtracking from their own fringe social and economic views. (Cory Gardner's successful Colorado campaign is an excellent case in point.) Time and time again, they tapped into the sentiments of voters who are frustrated with the status quo -- and time and time again, the Democrats let them.
Democrats who have been hoping to avoid tough economic issues in 2016 may have just had their hopes dashed by the Republicans, who have proven to be more skillful shapeshifters than anyone realized. That means Dems will need to stake bold economic positions, and they'll need to demand that Republicans defend their own views. That's a real debate ... and it's a debate they can win.
This election wasn't just a failure for Democrats. It was a failure for democracy. The democratic process calls for an honest choice between two competing visions of the future. But these critical issues, and other like them, weren't even debated.
The Republicans' gain was everyone else's loss -- and that won't change until we learn a lesson from the Election That Never Was.
Follow Richard (RJ) Eskow on Twitter: www.twitter.com/rjeskow
More:

Board of LG Balakrishnan & Bros recommends interim dividendBoard of LG Balakrishnan & Bros recommends interim dividend
G20 committed to dealing with cross border tax evasionG20 committed to dealing with cross border tax evasion
APL Logistics Vascor set to move cars by rail on NCR-Chennai routeAPL Logistics Vascor set to move cars by rail on NCR-Chennai route
Mamuni Das /S Ronendra Singh
Renault says this mode is safer, quicker and economically efficient
New Delhi, November 6:  
After trial-runs since September, APL Logistics Vascor Automotive is ready to start moving cars on trains between the National Capital Region and Chennai from November 7.
Vehicles of Hyundai, Ford and Renault India will be transported from their factories in the South to the Northern region, while Honda’s vehicles from its factories in the north will be moved to the Southern market, multiple sources said.
APL Logistics Vascor is a joint venture between APL Logistics and US-based Vascor, which specialise in supply chain management and automotive logistics, respectively.
This will be the first third party automobile freight train operator (AFTO) – under the Railway Ministry’s policy – to offer such a service. Maruti Suzuki, another registered AFTO, is a captive user and does not offer the service to other carmakers.
Safer mode
“We have done three trials over the last few days and we sent 150 cars in the last trial from Rewari (Haryana) to Chennai. We are trying to see how viable this would be in the future. We are sure this would be safer for our vehicles than roads and will be an environment-friendly mode,” Jnaneswar Sen, Senior Vice-President, Marketing and Sales, Honda Cars India, said.
Ford India has also confirmed that the company has done some trials. Renault India, which has done initial trials, said it is “analysing the efficiency of this model from a long-term business perspective.
“Globally, rail transportation is the preferred mode by auto companies as it enables higher capacity and flexibility, and is a safer, quicker and economically and environmentally efficient option compared to transportation by road,” said a Renault India spokesperson. Under this policy of Indian Railways, various firms can invest in specialised wagons to transport automobiles on the rail mode.
Wagon orders
Earlier this year, APL Logistics has placed orders with wagon manufacturer Texmaco Rail and Engineering for procuring three rakes with specially designed wagons to transport cars. Each rake comprises 27 wagons and can move 300 small cars. The share of automobiles that are transported on the rail mode in India is in single digits. But in the markets like the US, almost 70 per cent of the total automobiles move by the rail mode, William K Villalon, Senior Vice-President, APL Logistics Automotive, and Chairman of the joint venture, had earlier told BusinessLine.
Automobile transportation on the Indian Railways is expected to get a boost after the dedicated rail freight corridors are in place. APL Logistics also operates container trains in India through a service branded IndiaLinx.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Cabinet expansion likely by SundayCabinet expansion likely by Sunday
Our Bureau
Modi expected to add ministers, reshuffle portfolios
New Delhi, November 6:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to expand his Cabinet by Sunday, with Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar as the country’s new Defence Minister.
According to a PTI report, Parrikar said in Panaji on Thursday that BJP president Amit Shah has asked him to take up an assignment at the Centre, if offered. He added that he is willing to shoulder the responsibility.
Besides Parrikar, other probables for inclusion in the Union Cabinet are former Power Minister and Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu, Maharashtra BJP leader Hans Raj Ahir (who is credited with exposing the coal scam), Yashwant Sinha’s son Jayant Sinha and a Jat leader from either Haryana or Rajasthan.
Modi met President Pranab Mukherjee earlier today. There were reports that as many as 12 new ministers will be sworn in by the weekend.
Meanwhile, Parrikar held a meeting with BJP MLAs in Goa. He has been in the reckoning for a Cabinet post ever since Modi took charge with a small Cabinet of just 45 ministers in May. He is an RSS favourite and among the most credible faces of the BJP.
Single portfolios
With the inclusion of new ministers, a reshuffle too is said to be likely in the present Cabinet with some ministers such as Prakash Javadekar, Ravi Shankar Prasad and Nirmala Sitharaman, who are holding dual charge of various ministries, being given single portfolios.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who has only one Minister of State in Sitharaman, is believed to be getting another MoS as preparations for the Union Budget gain momentum.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Aurobindo Pharma Q2 net spurts to Rs 372 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Aurobindo Pharma Q2 net spurts to Rs 372 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 6:  
Aurobindo Pharma Ltd's net profit increased by 58 per cent at Rs 372 crore in the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 compared to Rs 230 crore in the year ago period.
The total revenue of the company too increased 50 per cent to Rs 2,,881 crore (Rs 1,913 cr) on higher generic sales.
"The September quarter performance has been satisfactory mainly on account of over all growth led by US generics," N Govindarajan, Managing Director of Aurobindo Pharma said in a release on Thursday.
Aurobindo's scrip ended flat at Rs 1001.90 on the Bombay Stock Exchange on Wednesday.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

House approval must for reforms  says CPI(M)House approval must for reforms, says CPI(M)
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, November 6:  
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley’s recent announcement of a slew of reform measures has irked the Left parties. Terming the decisions as “anti-people,” the CPI(M) said the Narendra Modi Government is aggressively following the same policies as the UPA Government.
The party’s Polit Bureau said in a statement that amending the Land Acquisition Bill will impose further burdens, depriving large sections of the Indian peasantry.
The party said facilitating WTO trade will impose further miseries on the population.
“The Polit Bureau of the CPI(M) disapproves of such announcements on the eve of the Winter Session of the Parliament. No such reforms must be implemented without the Parliament first discussing and approving them.
“Popular people’s protest will be intensified against such an economic policy direction that imposes greater burdens on the livelihood of the vast mass of our people,” the party statement said.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Maruti Suzuki Q2 PAT 29% upSave this video
Copy URL
Sales in the domestic market stood at 2,87,687 units, up 19.09 per cent while exports were at 34,211 units, up marginally by 0.54 per cent. Maruti Suzuki shares hit a fresh 52-week high following the announcement of results.
42

Hexaware announces third interim dividendUpdated: November 6, 2014 00:34 IST
Hexaware announces third interim dividend
Special Correspondent
business (general)
Hexaware Technologies, on Wednesday, reported a 12.3 per cent growth in its net profit at Rs.86 crore for the third quarter of calendar 2014. The company’s revenue for the period rose by 8 per cent to Rs.671 crore.
The board of directors has declared a third interim dividend of 2.35 per share of Rs.2 each. The board has already declared interim dividends of Rs.3 and Rs.1.60 a share earlier in the year. This brings the interim dividends for the first three quarters of 2014 to Rs.6.95 a share.
The revenue growth, according to a company statement, was broad-based with Europe leading geographic growth while BFSI and emerging segments led growth among verticals. Among service lines, business intelligence and business analytics and infrastructure management services led growth among service lines. The company added 10 new clients during the quarter and head count as of September, 2014, was at 9,697.
“We are working to improve sustainability of our performance through a three-pronged strategy — delighting our customers by delivering value beyond what is expected, making Hexaware a great place to work and building an organisation focused on innovation in the areas most relevant to our customers’ future,” R. Srikrishna, the newly appointed CEO and ED of Hexaware, said in a statement.
On the BSE, Hexaware moved up by 9.89 per cent to close trade at Rs.2,126.15.

Global NCAP asks Nissan Motors to withdraw Datsun GO from IndiaGlobal NCAP asks Nissan Motors to withdraw Datsun GO from India
By Chanchal Pal Chauhan , ET Bureau | 7 Nov, 2014, 02.04AM IST
Datsun GO, launched last year in India, failed crash test results recently conducted by Global NCAP. It had failed on critical safety count.
()
ETAuto Poll: Should India have mandatory safety & vehicle crash test?
"It is extremely disappointing that Nissan has authorised the launch of a brand new model that is so clearly sub-standard. As presently engineered, the car will certainly fail to pass the United Nations frontal impact regulation," the Global New Car Assessment Programme (Global NCAP) said in a letter to Nissan CEO Carlos Ghosn, a copy of which is with ET.
"In these circumstances, I would urge you to withdraw the Datsun Go from sale in India (and any other markets where it is being sold), pending a redesign of the car's body-shell to make it worthwhile to fit airbags," Global NCAP chairman Max Mosley told Ghosn, who recently took over as President of the European Car Manufacturers Association.
Nissan strongly defended its product. "Datsun Go meets the required local vehicle regulations in India. Datsun Go was developed with a strong intention to deliver the best adapted solutions to the local conditions, from best-in-class braking and good visibility to durability, seat comfort and reduced motion sickness - all being taken as a package aim to decrease potential risk of road accidents," Nissan Motor India said in a statement.
Global NCAP's mission statement says its main aim is to support the development of new crash test programmes in emerging markets where vehicle growth is strong and independent consumer information on crashworthiness is frequently not readily available. "Go's body shell is so unstable that it would be pointless to include airbags in the car," Global NCAP said of the car, which was launched in 2014. Such quality is not expected from a global carmaker with its new product failing to meet world safety standards, it said.

Will take up any responsibility  if nation requires : ParrikarComments
Breaking his silence over reports about his possible appointment as defence minister, Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday said BJP chief Amit Shah had asked him to take up an assignment at the Centre, if offered, and that he was willing to shoulder the responsibility.
He also said though he does not feel comfortable about shifting to Delhi, he will take up the responsibility "if nation requires" his services.
"Party President Amit Shah spoke to me in the morning and asked me to accept any assignment that would be given by the Prime Minister,"
Parrikar told reporters. However, he did not disclose whether Prime Minister Narendra Modi had offered him the defence portfolio during their meeting on Wednesday.
"I want to give proper information as far as joining the cabinet is concerned. It is the prerogative of the Prime Minister. However, I would like to inform that the party has indicated to me that if such assignment comes, you should accept it," he said.
Parrikar said if any offer had to come, it would have to be before November 9, when union cabinet would be expanded. "The party would not have asked me (to accept the offer) if they (top BJP leaders) had not interacted with the Prime Minister," he added.
Parrikar, who led BJP to victory in the 2012 Assembly polls, said he was not comfortable about having to shift to the Centre. "I am not comfortable, I have too much affection towards the state. But rationality tells me if nation requires your services, I should take it.
Whenever Goa wants my services, I will be there," he said. "One reservation (about moving to Delhi) is because I have been elected for a five-year term with a popular mandate.
My feeling is unless I complete the term it is not right on my part to leave mid-way. If I get an offer from the Prime Minister, then I will let you know what are my reasons for accepting the offer," he said.
Parrikar said he would be meeting BJP MLAs on Friday to brief them about the development. He, however, refused to say anything about who would be his successor. "There are many issues in deciding the successor... his capacity to deliver and to take everyone along. That is party's internal assessment," he said.
Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, who was minister of state in the Vajpayee government, is likely to become minister in charge of statistics and planning, the sources said. His entry will provide the Cabinet another prominent Muslim face, after minority affairs minister Najma Heptullah.
Jayant Sinha, who holds a Harvard MBA and is the son of for mer finance minister Yashwant Sinha, is likely to be inducted as minister of state (MoS), either in the defence or finance ministry. Nirmala Sitharaman may be promoted from MoS to Cabinet minister, likely in charge of the commerce and industry ministry, and give up her current additional role as MoS in the finance ministry.
Haryana leader Birender Singh, who had crossed over from the Congress to the BJP ahead of the Haryana Assembly election, is understood to be in contention for a berth in the council of ministers. He is likely to get independent charge of a ministry.
BJP’s youth wing chief Anurag Thakur, a Lok Sabha MP from Himachal Pradesh, and Maharashtra MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, who was instrumental in uncovering the coal block scam, are other probable candidates.
Bihar MPs Ashwini Kumar Choubey, a Brahmin, and Giriraj Singh, a Bhumihar, are also aid to be serious contenders for a place in the council of ministers. MPs from Uttarakhand and West Bengal may miss the bus again, said sources. Modi is understood to be considering lightening the burden of some ministers holding more than one portfolio.
Ravi Shankar Prasad (law, communication & IT), Prakash Javadekar (I&B and environment), Nitin Gadkari (rural development, road transport & highway, panchayati raj and drinking water) and Piyush Goyal (power, coal, new and renewable energy) are among the ministers who hold multiple portfolios. Speculation is also rife about changes in Rail Bhawan and in Krishi Bhawan. Given the PM’s motto of “minimum government, maximum governance”, the sources ruled out any large scale expansion. Modi’s present team includes 22 cabinet ministers and an equal number of MoS.

Conflict widows: Left to fight social battlesComments
Excluding minors up to six years of age, Manipur has more females than males – 1,194 according to Census 2011.
The numerical edge perhaps translates into more suffering for women in a militancy-mauled state. For some, it means out of the frying pan of conflict and into the fire of social stigma.
Take the case of Nitan Elangbam whose husband Hijam Sanjoy, 26, was killed by Manipur Police   commandos in an alleged fake encounter on 28 June 2008.
Widowhood virtually claimed the space Nitan, 29, had at her in-laws’. She returned to her maternal home to live in the past until she met Inaobi, 34-year-old
widower, at a workshop for conflict victims last year.
The two decided to marry, but it was easier said than done. Many members of both families objected to their marriage, the older women being most vociferous.
It was ironical for a society where Meira Paibi (Torchbearers) is a grassroots organization of adult women that acts as a watchdog of civil rights violations at the community level.
Nitan overcame opposition to marry Inaobi. Others haven’t quite been able to live life their way. They include Renu Takhellambam, president of Extrajudicial Execution Victim Families’ Association Manipur (EEFVAM).
Renu, 31, became a widow after Manipur Police commandos shot her husband Monghangjo and two others in an ‘encounter’ on 6 April 2007. EEFVAM was formed three months later to reach out to conflict widows.
“We aren’t just fighting the system for justice; we are fighting social battles too,” Edina Yaikhom, general secretary of EEFVAM and a petty trader, says.
The association has 40 members with an average age of 30 years and two-five children. The membership is increasing, and this is something EEFVAM doesn’t want.
“Whenever someone joins us, we realise how relevant Irom Sharmila’s struggle is. Had there been no AFSPA (Armed Forces Special Powers Act), there would have been no fake encounters, no conflict widows and no misery,” Edina, 31, says. A combined team of police commandos and Assam Rifles had take her auto driver husband Anand Ningthoujam from a college campus in Imphal and shot him in a village 40 km away.
“There is a pattern to how most encounter victims are caught in khudai (Manipuri lungi) and found dead in battle fatigues. Their widows in turn are victims of the system and the society. Many struggle to eke out a living and are vulnerable to domestic and workplace abuse,” women rights activist Sobita Mangshatabam says.
The cases pertaining to the conflict widows are in a list of 1,828 extrajudicial killings a coalition of rights groups submitted to a UN mission in March 2012.
These cases, ironically, serve as a reference for the armed forces to argue in favour of AFSPA.
“The local police and its commandos are named as perpetrators in a majority of these cases. So AFSPA, not applicable to them, is basically a non-issue,” an Assam Rifles officer said.
He pointed out how in July this year, people in the state’s Ukhrul district reposed more faith in the armed forces after Manipur police personnel gunned down two Naga youth during a demonstration.
Manipur police chief S Ahmed and other senior officials were incommunicado. “Maybe we have come into the picture more since 2004 (after the Assam Rifles allegedly raped and killed Thangjam Manorama in custody) when counter-insurgency operations began to be conducted jointly among the security forces,” a mid-rank police officer said.

We have evidence to dethrone the Congress government  say Kerala bar hotel ownersPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 6, 2014 9:32 pm
In a major setback to the Congress government in the bar bribe issue, a Malayalam TV channel telecast the conversation of bar hotel owners saying that  “we have evidence to dethrone the government.’’
Kerala Bar Hotel Owners Association had a meeting in Kochi on Thursday to discuss the licence renewal issue in the wake of the allegation that Finance Minister K M Mani had taken a bribe of Rs 1 crore to get the bar licences renewed.
Mathrubhumi News telecast the address of bar hotel owner Biju Ramesh in the association meeting. It was Ramesh who had raised the corruption charges against Mani, leader of Kerala Congress (M).
Ramesh told the meeting, “in last three to four years we had a transaction of Rs 20 crore with the government. We should try to bend the government.’’
Referring to the charges against Mani, Ramesh was heard saying “with hitting Mani, half of the job was over. Government is approaching us with settlement options, but we should not believe them. The issue before us is to whether break or bend the government. Considering our pathetic situation, we should try to bend the government. We are holding a dynamite, we should decide whether it should be blasted or not.’’
Ramesh said he was ready to give evidence to any agency and the association members should support him.
The address of the Ramesh showed that the bar hotel owners have evidence to blackmail the government to get the liquor licences cleared.
The bar hotel owners association on Thursday decided to hand over the evidence to the Vigilance regarding the allegation that bar owners had bribed minister K M Mani. A section of bar hotel members told the meeting that names of other ministers, who had taken money, should be revealed. The association decided to collect more evidence in this regard.

Cotton farmers hit by falling prices  rising input costs and Chinas import squeezePrint
The global glut has resulted in the Cotlook ‘A Index’ price dropping to below 69 cents now.
Written by Gopal B Kateshiya , Vivek Deshpande | Rajkot/nagpur | Posted: November 6, 2014 9:30 pm | Updated: November 7, 2014 11:32 am
For Kanaksinh Jadeja, Arvind Bhoyar and Rubhash Jakhar, cotton symbolised hope and a reason to believe there was still a future in agriculture.
All three farmers — from Panchiyavadar in Gondal taluka of Rajkot (Gujarat), Ashi in Warora tehsil of Chandrapur (Maharashtra) and Patrewala in Fazilka (Punjab) respectively — made decent money over the last 10 years by growing cotton. They were helped by two factors.
The first was higher price realisations . Between 2002-03 and 2013-14, average annual prices of kapas (raw, un-ginned cotton) rose from around Rs 2,200 per quintal to well over Rs 5,000 per quintal for the standard J-34 variety. This was enabled to a significant extent by global prices: During this period, the Cotlook ‘A Index’, a representative average of quotes from major markets, increased from under 59 cents a pound to 88 cents a pound.
The second was Bt technology, which led to a near-doubling of average cotton yields. As farmers saw both prices and yields going up, they responded by planting more area under cotton, even as the country’s production almost trebled.
But this year, the story isn’t that good.
Bhoyar has just sold kapas from his first picking at Rs 3,800 a quintal, slightly above the Centre’s minimum support price (MSP) of Rs 3,750 for medium-staple varieties. Last year, he received Rs 4,900.
Bhoyar’s disappointment — “The farmer is alive only because he cannot die”, as he puts it — is shared by his fellow farmers from Rajkot and Fazilka.
Jadeja has realised a price of Rs 3,905, well below the Rs 4,700 at this time last year.
Jakhar has had to sell long-staple J-45 hybrid kapas — which attracts a higher MSP of Rs 3,950 — for Rs 4,000 per quintal, against Rs 5,300 per quintal last time.
Adding to their disappointment is the fact that the remunerative realisations of the last three years — kapas prices crossed the Rs 6,500-level in 2011 — had prompted them to expand the crop area this year. A patchy monsoon and delayed rains only helped, as cotton requires relatively less water while being amenable to late sowing.
Jadeja last year planted cotton in only 35 bighas of his 95-bigha holding, and groundnut in the rest. This time, he grew cotton in 55 bighas (6 bighas make an acre).
India’s total cotton area has gone up from 114.37 lakh hectares (lh) to a record 126.55 lh this year. Maharashtra alone has registered an increase from 38.68 lh to 41.92 lh, and Gujarat from 26.88 lh to 30.06 lh.
The acreage switch strategy has, however, not paid off. “We have been squeezed between low prices and high input costs. Diesel has become cheaper only now, when the season is over, while continued…

TS to set up 24x7 helpdesk for womens safetyUpdated: November 6, 2014 22:22 IST
TS to set up 24x7 helpdesk for women’s safety
Special Correspondent
crime, law and justice
Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao has ordered a 24-hour helpdesk for the security of women with a toll free helpline number ‘181’.
He gave the instruction to senior officers while reviewing the implementation of recommendations of a committee of IAS and IPS officers on women’s issues at the Secretariat. Chief Secretary Rajiv Sharma, Director General of Police Anurag Sharma, Commissioners of Police of Hyderabad and Cyberabad and members of the committee led by Principal Secretary Poonam Malakodaiah were present.
A release said Mr. Rao asked officials to take steps to introduce women operated `She’ autorickshaws and taxis in Hyderabad and other towns. Women drivers will be given vehicles at 50 per cent subsidy.
The police officials brought to the notice of the Chief Minister that eve teasing was high at Kothi, Mehdipatnam, Secunderabad railway station and other places in Hyderabad. A number of eve teasers were identified and they were regularly counselled. A dossier about them was maintained by taking their photographs and fingerprints. Letters about their activity were also written to their parents and college managements.
Mr. Rao asked officials to install closed circuit cameras at the three places identified by them and other crowded areas. The front door in RTC buses should be restricted to women. A slider should be installed for the conductors to move back and forth in the buses.
He wanted 33 per cent reservation for women at all levels in police and a women’s wing in every police station. Fast track courts will be established to deal with crimes against women in districts. Mr Rao felt the need to enhance the monthly allowance for girls and women sent to rescue homes from the present Rs. 750.

Halloween by the numbers8
Eighty percent of her customers wait until the last two days to buy their costumes, as they do every year, but "they have become less tolerant of their procrastination," she said. Accustomed to free shipping, they get frustrated when it isn't available at a moment's notice.
"What I've felt more this year is this sense of entitlement," Hickey Panayotou said. "People want to believe what they see on their phones and not what's in front of them." 
$7.4 billion — Total projected spending on Halloween this year in the U.S., up from $6.9 billion last year but less than the record $8 billion projected in 2012, according to the National Retail Federation.
2/3 — Proportion of the American population that celebrates Halloween, according to the NRF.
$77.52 — Average amount spent on Halloween by those who celebrate, up from $75.03 last year, according to the NRF.
67.4 percent — Percentage of Halloween celebrators who will buy a costume, the most in the 11-year history of the NRF survey.
$350 million — Total amount people will spend on costumes for pets, up 60 percent from 2010, according to the NRF.
19.7 percent — Percentage of people who will make their own costume, according to the NRF.
1,650 — Number of haunted houses listed on Hauntworld.com in the U.S. and Canada, down from a peak of 4,000 a decade ago, according to Larry Kirchner, editor of Hauntworld.com, the biggest haunted house listing. Rising costs of operating haunted houses and rising admission prices have left only the biggest and best standing, he said..
17,000 — Reported number of people on the wait list for McKamey Manor, an "extreme" haunted house in San Diego that takes four to seven hours to get through.
53 percent — Percentage of parents who say their kids ages 4 to 10 would prefer cash to candy or toys when trick-or-treating, according to a survey from discount code website Vouchercloud.net.
$2.5 billion — Total projected Halloween candy sales this year, according to the National Confectioners Association.
60+ — Age group most likely to give out candy to trick-or-treaters, according to the NCA.
9 billion — Pieces of candy corn produced this year, according to the NCA.
1.2 million — The number of online searches for "Frozen" Halloween costumes, far more than the 873,000 searches for last year's top costume, which was a pirate. The runner-up in 2014 was a zombie, with 863,000 searches, according to SLI Systems, which studied site search activity across 17 costume retailer websites based in the U.S., U.K. and Australia from Sept. 1 to Oct. 26.
$59.99 — Cost of a "Sexy Ebola Containment Suit" at brandsonsale.com.
No. 1 — Roscoe Village's ranking on Zillow's list of top Chicago neighborhood's for trick-or-treating, based on home values, population density, crime data and walk score. Edison Park and Bucktown were Nos. 2 and 3, respectively.

Obamacare  economy top issues for employersBy J.D. Harrison November 3 Follow @jd_harrison
Small business owners represent a particularly active and influential chunk of the electorate, and as they head to the polls this week, they have plenty to consider—the state of the economy, new and looming regulations and legislative initiatives, and the overall political landscape in Washington.
So what will be front and center on their minds when they vote?
On Small Business reached out via e-mail to small employers across the country last week to find out which issue will play the most significant role in their decisions on Tuesday, and why that issue matters so much to their companies. Here’s what they had to say.
Deborah Field, co-owner of Paperjam Press, a digital print and design company in Portland, Ore.:
“When I decide how to cast my vote this week, I’ll be voting for a candidate who has solving the income inequality gap in our country as a top agenda item. To me, this includes a government that works for the people and small business rather than big business and big money. The cards are stacked against the small businesses now, and we need elected officials who will hear the voices of small business owners and level the playing field.”
Lisa Goodbee, president of Goodbee & Associates, a full-service consulting firm in Centennial, Colo.:
“One of the issues that’s most important to me is workforce training. Today’s economy has left many young people behind, and at the same time, many businesses are struggling to find qualified entry-level employees, which means there’s a skills gap that needs to be addressed.
My company recently hired a new college graduate and has benefited greatly by investing in her training. But small businesses can only do so much to combat this issue at the individual level. To make a difference on a large scale, I think we need broader action from the government, like increased funding for training programs.”
Laurie Chadwick and Lee Mercer, owners of Bed and Biscuits and Groomingdales, pet boarding and grooming companies in Santa Cruz, Calif.
“We need elected representatives with a vision for building a new economy based on clean energy, investment in infrastructure and local economies. We need to level the playing field for small business and get corporate America back to paying their fair share of taxes. And we need to take health reform the rest of the way to the goal posts with a universal, publicly funded healthcare system like the rest of the civilized world enjoys.”
Amit V. Kapur, director of technical operations at AVM Inc. a precision metal finishing company in Chantilly, Va.:
“A significant amount of our work is performed under aerospace, telecommunications and defense contracts. Currently, we find the system to procure government business unnecessarily complex. To pursue this avenue and to help grow our business we would need to hire additional staff with specialized knowledge in procurement, which we can’t afford. In every election, we are looking for legislators who have ideas to develop a straightforward, simple government contract procurement procedure.”
Ron Nelsen, owner of Pioneer Overhead Door, which installs, repairs and furnishes door products and is based in Las Vegas, Nev.:
“Immigration reform is the top issue for me during this election cycle. As a small business owner, I’m invested in improving the quality of our country’s workforce. I would benefit from more skilled workers, and I see immigration reform as a path to those changes. I’m continually disappointed in the failure of our elected officials to make progress on this front. While I know we have a divided Congress, it’s time that President Obama takes leadership on this issue.”
Susan Firestone, owner of Siw Thai Silk, Inc., a textile design and manufacturing company in Yardley, Pa.:
“I will vote for candidates that support policies that are environmentally and socially sustainable. As a company, we understand the power of businesses to contribute to solving the environmental and social issues we face. Our company works with village co-ops in Thailand under fair trade practices, and we see firsthand the impact on people when these issues are ignored.”
Michael F. Fredrich, president of MCM Composites, which manufactures thermoset composite parts (for sectors like aerospace to housewares) in Manitowoc, Wisc.:
“We live on the skirmish line of the free market system where there are many business risks. The actions we take as managers to guide our company through the hurdles faced by small businesses have life-and-death consequences as to the survival of our company. We accept these risks and challenges because we can control them.
The greatest danger to our company is what we cannot control. The federal government has amassed over $17 trillion in debt with no end in sight. Congress continues to increase the debt limit, and the Federal Reserve, with a balance sheet of now nearly $4 trillion, continues to print money to fund the deficits. There is no plan in Washington to address unsustainable so-called “fixed” expenditures or entitlements. Nothing good can happen by continuing on the current glide (down) path. I plan to vote for the most constitutionally conservative candidates on the ballot.”
Matt Grove, owner of Bagel Grove, a bagel shop in Utica, N.Y.:
“One of the issues that’s most important to me this election is raising the minimum wage. I know that a higher minimum wage increases the quality of the workforce and cuts down on turnover. The ability to retain skilled and dedicated employees is crucial for me and all small businesses. I believe that our elected officials need to take action and raise the wage nationwide. My vote this fall is going to candidates who support a living wage.”
Lawrence Nannis, owner and shareholder of Katz, Nannis + Solomon, an accounting and tax advice firm based in Waltham, Mass.:
“Partisan gridlock is the biggest issue for me in this election. However, I am realistic enough to recognize that until each party is willing to sit down with the other or there is a filibuster proof majority, that there will not be any change, regardless of who controls Congress. If there was a candidate who understood that his or her decisions impact how small businesses plan for growth, I would vote for that person in a heartbeat.
One example is the two-year extensions of tax benefits that pass in December and are retroactive to the beginning of the year and end at the end of the following year, allowing for only one year of planning for small employers. Long-term certainty and simplicity in the tax code are just one of the tools we need to properly plan for growth.”
Debby Retherford, partner at Fence Emporium of Alaska, a supplier of fences, gates and kennels based in Palmer, Alaska:
“One of the most important issues for me this election is health care. As a small business owner, it’s crucial to me that my employees have reliable health insurance. But I’ve found that purchasing coverage has been far more complicated and time-consuming than it should be. I’m excited about the launch of the Small Business Health Options Program online marketplace, which will simplify how small businesses choose health insurance plans. I’m looking forward to seeing how SHOP can help small businesses secure quality coverage.”
Les Larsen, partner at Lumenis Partners, an executive search and executive coaching company in Washington, D.C.:
“The economy is job number one. Legislators who do not focus on this issue as a top priority may be seeking new employment. Jobs are not created by government planning or fiscal stimulus. Small businesses are the primary engine of job creation, source of innovation, and long-term strength of the economy.
As long as small businesses continue to be held back by inadequate access to capital, burdensome regulations and a general environment of platitudes without substance, job creation will continue to be anemic. Everything from corporate tax structure to small business investment incentives needs to be redesigned with bipartisan recognition of small companies’ contribution to the economy.”
Aimee D. Griffin, principal at the Griffin Firm, PLLC, a law firm specializing in consultation in business and estate planning in Washington, D.C.:
“Congress’s inability to produce is the single most important issue. Small and medium-size businesses have been negatively impacted from the shut down of the government to the continuous revisiting of the Affordable Care Act. There seems to be a total disregard for the impact that inactivity of Congress has on the people. It is clearly not a matter of the needs of the many outweighing the needs of the few. It is quite the inverse.”
Jane Snell-Simpson, president of JS-1 Construction, a housing design consulting company in Coconut Creek, Fla.:
“I care about affordable medical care for everyone. The way this country deals with healthcare is embarrassing. The cost for healthcare is astronomical. I cannot afford to pay for insurance for myself or for my employees. I would like to be able to provide for my employees. The Affordable Care Act is not perfect — far from it. But it has gotten us to think differently about solving this problem and I believe it is a small step in the right direction.”
David Glazier, president of Fleet Transportation, LLC, a luxury ground transportation company based in Alexandria, Va.:
“The single most important issue for me as a small business owner in this election is to help keep the Republican Majority in the House and turn the Senate majority Republican. I feel that would be the best way to provide some certainty in the improvement of economic conditions, tax policy, reform to the [Affordable Care Act] and energy policy change. It would lead to an end of the stalemate that has been occurring.
The most important issue steering my vote is providing certainty to business and a movement towards tax, energy, economic and healthcare policy change. Republican or Democrat, our collective goal should be an end to a government stalemate and an executive and legislative branch that manage the challenges in front of them.”
Gloria Larkin, president of TargetGov, a business development consulting firm for government contractors based in Baltimore, Md.:
“The single most important issue for me is creating a holistic business environment where small business can grow aggressively in all marketplaces. I took the time and voted early because I will be traveling on election day. I voted on issues, not party line. I am willing to pay reasonable taxes for government services, but I feel that states must stay competitive with neighboring states regarding taxes and fees for both residents and employers.”
Paul Millman, president of Chroma Technology Corp., a manufacturer of film optical filters and mirrors in Bellows Falls, Vt:
“Our primary customers are manufacturers of research and clinical instruments for biologists and medical doctors. We’ve noticed two important trends in this market: Funding for biomedical research is shrinking, and fewer young scientists are being funded for permanent long time positions. The major source of research funding is from the National Institutes of Health and its subsidiaries. The NIH budget for research has been largely reduced by Congress, while budgets for research are increasing in China, Singapore and elsewhere.
New products, companies and jobs naturally follow innovation. Reduced government investment in research stifles innovation and slows advances in the life sciences.”
Wayne Nelson, president of L.N. Consulting, Inc., which provides engineering design services for buildings in Winooski, Vt.:
“The single most important issue is government efficiency with respect to operations and support services. We see a lot of waste in some of the programs developed by our national and state governments. We believe that creating accountability for tax dollars will allow more capital to end up in services society really needs and possibly a reduction/hold on property and income taxes.”
Trudy Trombley, owner Truly Trudy’s, a vintage apparel and accessories company in Stowe, Vt.:
“On a national basis I’m concerned about the overall economy and the apparent shrinking middle class. We depend on the middle class to have the time and the finances necessary to vacation, as tourism drives the economy here in our town, and in many ways the economy of the entire state of Vermont.”
Leonard Steinberg, principal at Steinberg Enterprises, an accounting and financial services consulting firm in Princeton Junction, N.J.:
“The single most important issue is this administration’s war on the small business community. The antipathy towards small businesses with increases in federal and state rules and regulations imposes additional burdens on entrepreneurs. Most small businesses employ less than 50 people, yet the tax and the required administrative compliance issues require business owners to expend valuable dollars rather than growing their respective businesses. Hiring in the small business community has also contracted as a result of the imposition of the Affordable Care Act filing requirements and additional taxes imposed on S-corporations, partnerships and sole proprietorships.
The entrepreneurship spirit is alive and well. All the government has to do is get out of the way and let the free enterprise system work.”
Mike Nagle, owner of Uppercut Barber Shop in Dalles, Ore.:
“I am going to vote for the leaders who have a vision to bring prosperity to the country as a whole and the middle and lower economic classes specifically. I believe near or full employment policies (infrastructure improvements, green-earth incentives, access for more students to receive low interest loans and grants, and so on) will lift the economy of the country and the business of my enterprise.”
Hester Taylor Clark, owner of the Hester Group, based in Alexandria, Va., which provides logistical, marketing and communications support to federal agencies:
“I started this company in my home 16 years ago when I needed work-life balance and the flexibility to raise my two small children. I believe there are many women like myself who would, if given the opportunity, be able to grow a viable small business. I support those candidates who support small businesses. It’s especially important that Congress and protect set-aside opportunities for woman-owned and minority-owned small businesses, as they help small companies grow and provide cost savings to federal agencies.”
Elizabeth Valleau, co-owner and chief executive of Empire Mayonnaise Co. in Brooklyn, N.Y.:
“I want lawmakers to increase the minimum wage. We built Empire Mayonnaise from the ground up as a company we could be 100 percent proud of. The ingredients we use, the production process, the quality of the offering and the integrity of the sourcing are all crucial to us — but no less crucial is the respect and appreciation with which we treat our employees. The current minimum wage allows for bare survival, nothing more. Fair wages create a healthier work environment, happier employees and a better product.”
Laura Yamanaka, president of teamCFO, Inc., a financial and accounting services company in Los Angeles, Calif.:
“The world is an increasingly uncertain place and uncertainty generally increases business risk. I am looking for elected officials who will not add to the uncertainty. Working together and not against each other in this country has become an overriding factor in determining who I will support.”
Stacia C. Aylward, chief executive of Zelos, LLC, a consulting and coaching firm for government and nonprofit clients based in Alexandria, Va.:
“What I consider when voting for candidates is how equitable, ethical and open-minded I believe the individual will be as he or she learns and grows in the role and is faced with new responsibilities. I would expect (and hope) his or her understanding of and approach to the issues that will make a difference for businesses to change and develop post-election based on ongoing feedback from citizens and their staff.”
Follow J.D. Harrison and On Small Business on Twitter.
J.D. Harrison covers startups, small business and entrepreneurship, with a focus on public policy, and he runs the On Small Business blog.

WireLurker  virus targets Apple iPhones  iPadsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

People Are Listening and You Haven t Said a Word Yetreddit
It takes three seconds for someone to make a first impression of you, before you've even said a word!
This means your appearance, your body language, and the way you carry yourself are identifiers of what you are about. Think of it like being the front cover of a book; the content could be extraordinary, but if it doesn't scream "pick me up!" only a select few actually will.
Three seconds! That's it!! If this is starting to alarm you, good. It's a good thing because there's a massive opportunity here.
The massive opportunity
Going back to the book reference, marketers spend hundreds of thousands of dollars, countless hours, and pool together the most creative minds to strategically plan the cover of a book. By conducting extensive research, they determine the cover design that will appeal to the type of person who would most likely enjoy the content. On top of this, it needs to be presented it in a way that is fresh, new, and authentic to the message of the book.
As the author of your own personal brand, have you ever put real thought into why people find value in you? Why they want you as a friend, a business partner, or someone they want to associate with? Or maybe why you aren't perceived as a potential candidate for those positions?
The opportunity is that we can control how people perceive us by taking the right steps to ensure the front cover of our person is as authentic to us as possible, and at the same time exciting and fresh.
Here are three easy steps you can use to craft a striking front cover that speaks volumes about you and screams "pick me up!"
1.  The Look
I'm sure you know someone who wears only brand name clothes. What does that say about them? Or what about the friend who swears only by organic and locally made garments. How does that reflect who they are? I'd say "elitist" and "change starts with me" attitudes.
Clothes are a way to express your creativity and values. They are an expression of your personality. What you wear can give not so subtle hints to the world about the kind of person you are. So, what kind of person are you, what do you stand for?
One golden rule I've learnt from my mentors is that the two things every person should have are: clean shoes and a nice watch. Sporting clean shoes gives the impression that you have it together. And a nice watch? Well, it says you are someone who values time, your own as well as others'.
Get creative. Use colors and fabrics to accentuate your moods. I'll wear bright colored turbans when I need to draw attention to myself, like when I'm giving keynote speeches. In any case, your clothes are telling people a lot about you, so it's time for you to start paying attention!
2. The Body Language
Your Body language actually says more about you than anything else. If you've got your arms crossed in front of your body, it can send signals that you don't want to be approached. Or if you're sitting down hunched over, you're sending signals of a lack of confidence. The way you carry yourself not only sends signals to other people, but our physiology also shapes the way we think about ourselves.
In this phenomenal TED talk , Amy Cuddy runs this fascinating experiment where job applicants are asked to sit in certain positions at a desk before going into a job interview. Some applicants sat with their legs on the desk and arms extended behind their head (power positions), while others curled their body into a hunch and looked at the ground (weak positions).
The result was that the state of mind of an applicant heading into the interview had a direct correlation on their confidence, and in turn, which applicants got the job. Watch the whole talk. Body language is key!
3. Authenticity Gets Points
Steve Jobs wore his staple black turtleneck with blue jeans to his death bed. In case you didn't know, jeans were actually invented for gold miners (that explains the small pockets you never knew what to use for; they were used to store golden nuggets). When the baby boomers came along, they started wearing jeans as a fashion statement. More than just a fashion statement, they wore jeans to make a statement about their era. They were unconventional, they were rebellious, they lived life on their own terms. Believe it or not, but wearing jeans was not a thing until the baby boomers came along..
Some combination of those words would probably come to mind if I asked you to describe Steve Jobs, am I right? The look and fashion of jeans changed over time, but he stuck to his authentic self. He turned being a "techie", normally associated with being "geeky" for lack of a better word, into "bold" and "cool". It was cool because he was staying true to who he was, and because he owned it.
Keep in mind that the way you dress and carry yourself needs to be authentic to you! You cannot copy someone else because if you cannot own it people will not believe you. Buy in is essential and that starts with you.
The Outcome
Being aware of your first impressions will help you create a compelling "pick me up!" cover of a book people will want to store on their bookshelves, and in turn help you increase your network, achieve your goals, and believe it or not, but help you grow into the real you!
Follow Jagneet Singh on Twitter: www.twitter.com/justdoingitca
More:

10 Ways to Run Your Biz Like a Fitness Bootcamp to Get it in Shapereddit
I recently went Behind the Brand with the team from Athletic Recon , a performance apparel brand for the modern athlete.
They took me to school on fitness and how to train and shared some of their best biz tips and strategies. Their CEO, Ryan Heuser is the real deal and this isn't his first rodeo.
He's the former co-founder of Paul Frank and has 20 years experience in the apparel industry. This 40-something father of three competes in races and trains like an animal with his 20-something crew members. The AR brand definitely has a "for us, by us" feel and is tested and approved by athletes across many disciplines like crossfit, soccer, all types of running, road cycling and MTB to name a few.
After my intense workout I saw several parallels from training to how Ryan and team run their successful business. Here are my 10 ways to run your business like a fitness bootcamp to get it in shape:
Watch the full video episode of Behind the Brand with Athletic Recon below and read on! Don't forget to leave a comment or Tweet me @BryanElliott to join the conversation.
1. Don't give up so fast.
Pull-ups aren't much fun when you're not good at doing them. And you can't fake it. You're either prepared or not. Do you give up too fast when the going gets tough? Any biz, including your start up or mature company is going to hit the wall at times. As you weigh the risks and rewards there's probably more upside to gutting it out and pushing through.
2. Learn to say no.
There's two ways to look at this. One is cutting out what's not good and the other is staying focused on what you do best. Cheat days aside, when you're in a fitness routine you've got to say no to the danger zone foods that will cause you to take 2 steps back for every step forward. The experts will tell you it's about eating and training in moderation.
Running a successful business is the same. You've got to say no to associating with potentially toxic people who can ruin your chances of success. I don't care how good and pristine that apple is, if it sits next to a rotten one in the bin long enough it will rot just the same.
You may also have to say no to potentially profitable opportunities outside of your scope of work. If you're trying to isolate and strengthen your abs, doing anything unrelated to ab work will delay or get you off track. Stay in your lane. Get great at what you do. Be the expert. Perfect the process. Rinse and repeat. Put money in the bank. Then think about growth in new, but related areas.
3. No pain, no gain.
Cliché but true. Training and eating right requires sacrifice. Any business, and anything that's truly worthwhile is the same. That goes for nurturing quality relationships or running a marathon. Come to grips that you're probably going to have difficult times and fail more than once. Decide ahead of time what you're going to do when that happens. Remember, there is no shame in failure.
The best advice I ever got was from Seth Godin who reminded me, "Yoda was wrong when he said 'Do or do not, there is no try.' There IS a TRY!! Try is the opposite of hiding." Seth went on to say that the phrase "Failure is not an option" is also inaccurate. In fact, failure is necessary to success. If you haven't failed in some capacity, you're either extremely lucky or you're a liar.
Learn from the experience and try not to repeat it. The pain and mistakes are the tuition you pay to learn and progress. And most of the time it's more about what you become in the process vs where you arrive.
4. Establish routines.
Athletic Recon taught me how training should be as routine as brushing my teeth. Is your business in need of new clients? Make Biz Dev a routine and spend 25-50% of your day on what matters most. Don't get distracted by other busy work or jumping on Facebook or Instagram to see what your friends are doing. In fact, unless you use FB for serious marketing, I suggest deleting it from your phone so you're not tempted to check it and your email every 5 minutes.
5. Be part of a community or create one.
Experts will tell you that most people who join a gym eventually quit if they go alone.  When you're part of a community you're more likely to stay in the game because you're accountable to your friends and you're an important link in the chain. The crew at Athletic Recon trains together in their office at 4pm every day. They also invite their fans and the local community to join them for informative healthy eating and training workshops. Connecting people and providing value is a huge asset and powerful way to build trust.
6. Get the right gear.
We've all been here. You do a sport or activity and you're not prepared with the right gear. It's more difficult to do or worse, you get injured. Athletic Recon literally puts blood, sweat and tears into designing and developing the right gear for several types of training and active lifestyles. Get the right gear for your business as well. Invest your money where it counts and it could make all the difference. How does the fact that you MacGyver everything to save money reflect on your reputation and brand?
7. Let your actions do the talking
Ryan's dad used to take him to the gym when he was a kid. His dad didn't say much during these times but Ryan watched his example and figured out what to do. Are you spending more time on your press release than actually doing the work? How much time and money are you spending on printing t-shirts with your logo on them vs rolling up your sleeves and getting dirty?
8. Disrupt the status quo.
Ryan's tip about staying in shape was mixing up his training schedule so his body has to keep up with him and progress doesn't plateau. Maybe your business could benefit from thinking like this as well?
Do you have competitors that seem to imitate you quickly? Being unpredictable will throw them off the trail and you'll keep the first-mover advantage. Do you work in a mature industry where everyone has done it the same way for 30 years? Maybe mixing things up is just what you need to break through...
9. Run the marathon not the sprint.
I love this metaphor because it forces me to think long-term. Whether that's the small victories or set backs along the way, my perspective and strategy is focused forward. This is helpful in all aspects of running your biz, from hiring people to financial goals and everything in between.
10. Make time, not excuses.
We all have the same 24 hours in a day. "I don't have time for that" is the worst offense. If it is worth doing or must be done, make the time. No excuses. Good luck!
Follow Bryan Elliott on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bryanelliott
More:

Risking It All: Entrepreneurs  CEOs and Hollywood Stars Open Upreddit
People love to say things along the lines of "You can't be successful if you aren't willing to take some risks along the way." Few of them put the statement into practice, however.
It sounds like a great idea to most people, but they don't feel like attempting it very often. For those who are up to taking calculated risks, though, the rewards can be great.
Entrepreneurs who took the risks
Entrepreneurs offer some of the best examples of risk-taking that resulted in fabulous success stories. Their victories are usually achieved only after significant rounds of trial and error, however, which can involve having to put everything on the line.
Any successful entrepreneur could likely describe a time when he or she took a huge risk, but Larry Ellison and Sam Yagan provide some of the best examples for this purpose. When most people think of Ellison, they recall his successes with Oracle Corporation and involvement with other giant enterprises such as Apple, Salesforce.com, and NetSuite.
But a more recent gamble of Ellison's truly got people excited. As a longtime sailing fan, Ellison used Oracle to fund the United States squad for the 2013 America's Cup series in San Francisco. He spent an estimated $100 million but appeared to have come up a major loser when the team found itself down 8 to 1 in a best-of-17 race competition. But Ellison had the last laugh when his squad roared back to win the final nine races.
Against The Wind: The 2013 America's Cup wasn't supposed to be a race. Larry Ellison's Oracle Team USA had all... http://t.co/OPnXsXyEKm
— The World News (@TheWorldNews) February 28, 2014
While the name Sam Yagan may not be as familiar, his successful ventures certainly are. Although he received a job offer right out of college, Yagan turned it down to start his own Internet firm, Sparknotes.com. This was a risky move during a time when online business activity was still relatively new. According to Yagan, " [I] didn't know what I was doing." The willingness to venture outside his comfort zone, however, ended up paying off.
CEOs who took risks
It's pretty difficult to find a CEO who hasn't taken a major risk at some point in time. This is especially true when you look at modern technology and the fight for supremacy between Microsoft and Apple.
Both Bill Gates and Steve Jobs took massive risks to get their respective companies to where they are today. Gates dropped out of college to start Microsoft, declared his bold vision of placing a personal computer in every home, and competed against Steve Jobs, one of the great business geniuses of our time. There were certainly times where things didn't go according to plan, but Gates ended up cultivating a billion-dollar tech corporation.
At the time, Jobs's greatest risk could have put the future of his company in jeopardy. In hindsight, everyone can see why the Apple iPhone would become a great success, but there was a huge problem in the beginning. Knowing full well the development of the iPhone would cannibalize the company's leading product (the iPod), Jobs launched the first smartphone anyway, in an attempt to gain control of the large mobile market.
The move worked, and subsequent developments ended up being quite lucrative both for Jobs and his firm.
Hollywood stars who took risks
While some Hollywood stars may seem undeserving, it takes a lot of hard work to get where they are. Just ask producer Ted Sarandos and actress Candace Cameron about some of the challenges they faced.  While you may not recognize the name Sarandos, you may be familiar with his creation, House of Cards. The show itself might not have appeared to pose any great risk, because Sarandos lined up an all-star crew and had a well-developed and rich plot line inspired by a hit British series of the same name.
The true risk lay in the channel through which he released the new show. Netflix launched House of Cards in February 2013, and all the episodes in the first season were released at once - as opposed to one episode per week the way a standard television program handles it.
Many critics issued warnings, believing that the show would lose interest after a few weeks, but the opposite occurred. Fans binge-watched the show and couldn't stop talking about it.
For viewers of the 1990s hit sitcom Full House, Candace Cameron is better known as DJ Tanner . Now 33, she says, "My biggest risk was stepping away from the entertainment industry at such a young age." She got married at twenty, and moved north to Canada to raise a family. With a successful career on line when she left, it was a big gamble to hope she'd be able to return. Thanks to ABC's Make It or Break It show, however, she returned to work in the industry in 2009.
A variety of risks
"When you hear about risks that people took to become successful, you can see that risks come in all shapes and sizes," says Igor Salindrija, CEO of AskGamblers.com, and a business owner who knows a thing or two about taking risks. "Whether it's launching a new product or leaving a successful career to raise a family, any risk can be scary. When you calculate the risk in front of you and play out the game correctly, though, the rewards can be substantial."
Follow Andre Bourque on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SocialMktgFella
More:

Global Business Growth Eased to 6-Month Low in October: PMIMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
London: Global economic growth eased to a six-month low in October, reflecting weaker increases in new business and a slowdown in the rate of hiring, a survey showed on Wednesday.
J.P.Morgan's Global All-Industry Output Index, produced with Markit, fell to 53.6 from September's 54.8 but has now held above the 50 mark that divides growth from contraction for more than two years.
"The latest PMI data suggest global economic growth lost some momentum at the start of Q4," said David Hensley, a director at J.P.Morgan.
Global growth in a recent Reuters poll was forecast at 3.1 per cent this year.
A global PMI covering the services industry fell to 53.7 from 55.2. The October manufacturing PMI, released on Monday, was unchanged from September's 52.2.
The index combines survey data from countries including the United States, Japan, Germany, France, Britain, China and Russia.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

I cannot afford to falterUpdated: November 5, 2014 19:01 IST
‘I cannot afford to falter’
Sangeetha Devi Dundoo
Special arrangement Sai Dharam Tej is the nephew of actors Chiranjeevi and Pawan Kalyan
TOPICS
Telugu cinema
Debutant actor Sai Dharam Tej hopes to live up to his family name
Three and a half years after he began shooting, Sai Dharam Tej will see the release of his film. Pilla Nuvvu Leni Jeevitam, directed by A.S. Ravi Kumar Chowdary, is technically Tej’s second film as an actor. His debut project was supposed to be Y.V.S Chowdary’s Rey, is still awaiting release. “April 25, 2011, was my first day of shoot for Rey. I took it easy for the first two or three days and then reality kicked in. I felt I had to live up to my family name. Allu Arjun and Ram Charan have set the benchmark high; I can’t afford to falter,” says the nephew of Nagababu, Chiranjeevi and Pawan Kalyan.
He signed Pilla Nuvvu Leni Jeevitam in 2012, while shooting for Rey. “Dil Raju sir called and asked if I wanted to act in a small film he’s producing. I did an audition, after which he said he didn’t want me for that film. I thought he didn’t like my audition. Then he told me about Pilla Nuvvu Leni Jeevitam; I was thrilled,” says Tej.
Ask him what the film is about and he quips with a chuckle, “It’s a typical Telugu genre film that’s an amalgamation of romance, action, comedy and drama.” Of late, the going hasn’t been good for ‘Telugu genre’ films that have been rehashing staid storylines. Tej says, “I’m aware that if I’m part of a film that has a done-to-death story line, I’ll end up harming myself and the team. I’ll try and do films that have fresh storylines.” In Pilla…, he plays a college student who falls in love and fights for his girl. “He is a boy next door who knows what to do and when.”
Cast opposite Regina Cassandra, he says, “She is a seasoned performer and was encouraging and supportive.” The film has been shot in Hyderabad.
Rey’s release getting postponed due to reasons beyond his control, he says, was disheartening. “At the same time, I was glad this setback happened in the initial stage of my career. All my family members were supportive.”
Cinema was not the first thing on his mind despite coming from a film family. “I wanted to be a doctor, wrote EAMCET but didn’t get a high score. The formulae in physics and mathematics were overwhelming. I studied B.Sc Biotechnology at St. Mary’s College and for the first two years, I felt I had found my calling. Then I realised it wasn’t my cup of tea and pursued MBA at IIPM. I couldn’t do accounts after being a science student,” he says.
This constant state of flux left him frustrated. He realised being an actor would allow him to play multiple roles — a doctor, a CEO and so on. A new learning process began. He took a course from Satyanand Acting School in Vizag before learning from Aruna Bhikshu and Barry John. With the latter, it was a level-playing field where he was one among many aspiring actors. “Though we give an introduction that includes our family backgrounds, Barry John doesn’t take it into consideration. You get to know where you actually stand,” stands Tej.
Classes in martial arts and dance followed along with fitness and diet regime over two years to shed weight (he weighed 130 kilos at one point). He wants to do different genres, except horror. “I am scared; I don’t even watch horror movies,” he says.
In his growing years, he recalls watching at least one film a day with his maternal grandfather. “I’d read books and then watch the adaptations. I’ve spent hours analysing how I had imagined Lord of the Rings series to be and how it turned out on screen.”
Next up is a romantic comedy to be directed by Harish Shankar (of Gabbar Singh fame). “I knew Harish anna before Mirapakai days). Once, when I did a photo shoot I showed it to him casually. After seeing the trailer of Rey, he called and asked if I’d act in his film. Why wouldn’t I? It’s an honour to work with someone who has directed established actors,” says Tej.
Tej dreams to work with directors Shankar and Rajamouli in India and Michael Bay and Peter Jackson internationally. “There’s no harm in dreaming big,” he says with a wide grin.

Indefinite strike by BSNL employees from Feb 3Updated: November 6, 2014 18:33 IST
Indefinite strike by BSNL employees from Feb 3
PTI
strike
BSNL employees on Thursday called an indefinite country-wide strike from February 3 next year to press its demand for proactive steps by the government to revitalise the limping telecom giant.
“Since 2007 roadblocks created by the government have dragged BSNL to losses and are giving way to private sector (telecom companies) to flourish. Forum of BSNL unions and associations have decided to go for indefinite strike from February 3, 2015 demanding government measures for revamping the company,” BSNL Employees Union general secretary P. Abhimanyu told PTI.
Alleging that BSNL could not enhance its network since 2007 first at the behest of the then telecom minister A. Raja who at the last minute cancelled 45 million line equipment, he said another contract for 93 million lines was later scrapped due to home ministry’s objection to Chinese vendor.
“At the time when government was deliberately choking BSNL, the private telecom players flourished at the cost of the state owned company... Government negligence has led us here and not for workers,” he said.
The NDA government telecom minister too had done nothing nor met the trade unions for suggestions for BSNL’s revival, he said on the sidelines of BSNL Employees Union four-day 7th All India Conference on Thursday.
BSNL had posted a loss of Rs 7,933 crore on net sales of Rs 25,655 crore during FY13, the latest year for which the numbers are available.
Meanwhile, CITU president A.K. Padmanavan addressing the 2700 union delegates across the country said the BJP government’s slogan ‘Acche Din Aanewale hai’ is for handful billionaires of the country.
The new amendments to labour laws will put 80 per cent of the industrial workers out of it, he said.
Among those present at the conference were BSNLEU president V.A.N. Namboodiri, general secretary of Confederation of Central Government Employees M. Krishnan and joint secretary BSNLEU (Bengal) Saibal Sengupta.

Microsoft releases Office apps for iPhones  iPadsMicrosoft releases Office apps for iPhones, iPads
By AP | 7 Nov, 2014, 03.00PM IST
Microsoft is also working on new versions for Android tablets and phones, although they're not yet ready for general release.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Microsoft is offering free upgraded versions of its Office software for iPhones and iPads, as the software giant further embraces the so-called "freemium" strategy favored by many newer companies seeking success online.
Give away a basic version of a popular service, and the world may beat a path to your door and be willing to pay a little more for extras, or so the thinking goes.
Microsoft, the longtime king of desktop software, has generally protected its model of getting paid upfront for what it developed. But as the company strives to stay relevant for workers and consumers in an increasingly mobile world _ and better compete with Google, Apple and others _ it is offering substantial versions of its most popular products free of charge for smartphones and tablets. Microsoft is hoping to keep people using its products across all their devices, while betting that many will ultimately pay for fuller-featured versions of the software.
"There's going to be a handful of tech companies that everyone depends on," for online software, said Maribel Lopez, a mobile tech analyst at Lopez Research. "Microsoft wants to make sure they're one of them."
As more workers use devices other than desktop PCs, they want to have the same capabilities on all their devices, says Michael Atalla, director of Microsoft's Office apps product management. "We want to make sure they can move seamlessly from one to another," he added.
The apps released Thursday, including Word, Excel and PowerPoint, replace a limited iPhone version and upgrade a more powerful set of apps that the company released for iPad tablets in March. The older iPhone version allowed users to create and view files for free, but had very limited features. Earlier versions for the iPad offered more capabilities, but creating new files required a paid subscription to the company's Office 365 subscription service.
The new apps have more of the capabilities found in Office desktop software and don't require a paid subscription for creating files and other functions. Microsoft is still reserving some premium features, including security tools for business users, for paid subscribers. Microsoft will continue to charge for Office 365 on PCs and for business users.
The company seems to be thinking, "We'll perhaps sacrifice a little bit of revenue on the consumer side to make sure Office remains the standard for everybody," said Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research. Businesses are increasingly willing to buy technology that their workers use at home, and that could shore up Microsoft's lucrative commercial business, Dawson said.
Although most of Microsoft Corp.'s revenue still comes from traditional software, CEO Satya Nadella wants to shift the company's focus to mobile and web-based products. The Redmond, Washington company recently said it delayed producing a new version of Office for Apple's Mac computers so it could focus on mobile apps.
One big challenge for Microsoft stems from the complexity of building different versions of each app for competing mobile operating systems. Apple's iPhones and iPads are far outnumbered by smartphones and tablets that use Google's Android mobile operating system. But different versions of Android run on a variety of devices from different manufacturers. Microsoft also has its own mobile operating system, although it's not as widely used.
Microsoft is inviting Android users to sign up for a test version of its new Office apps for Android tablets this week, but Atalla said the finished apps won't be released until early next year. He said new apps for Android phones are in the works, but declined to give a time frame.
In another move to keep up with shifting work habits, Microsoft this week announced a software partnership with Dropbox, an online storage company that's increasingly popular with people that want to store documents, photos and other files and share them with others. The two companies are integrating their software so documents stored in DropBox can be easily edited with Microsoft's Office tools. Microsoft also has its own online storage service, while Google and Apple offer competing services with their apps.

Pioneering Dallas prosecutor Craig Watkins loses bid for reelectionDallas County (Tex.) District Attorney Craig Watkins was defeated in his bid for reelection Tuesday night.
Watkins, the first black DA in Texas history, was a trailblazing prosecutor who set up the country’s first “conviction integrity unit,” a team of prosecutors whom Watkins specifically tasked with seeking out and overturning wrongful convictions.
I interviewed Watkins several years ago. An excerpt:
What are some common [mistakes] you’re seeing repeated in these innocence cases? Do they tend to be willful mistakes, or more due to negligence?
Watkins: It’s a combination of things. Negligence, prosecutorial misconduct, faulty witness identification. It’s just been a mindset of “conviction at all costs” around here. So we changed that philosophy. We aren’t here to rack up convictions. We’re here to seek justice. Once we can get over that win at all costs mentality, I think we’ll see fewer and fewer of these wrongful convictions.
You talk about the mindset of winning convictions at all costs. The legendary law-and-order Dallas prosecutor Henry Wade, who held the job you now hold for many, many years, embodied that philosophy. He’s known to have actually boasted about convicting innocent people—that convincing a jury to put an innocent man in jail proved his prowess as a prosecutor.
Watkins: Oh yeah, it was a badge of honor at the time—to knowingly convict someone that wasn’t guilty. It’s widely known among defense attorneys and prosecutors from that era. We had to come in clean out all the remnants of that older way of thinking.
It’s hard to imagine anyone opposing what you’re doing—seeking out and freeing the wrongfully convicted. Do you have critics?
Watkins: We’re encountering a lot of criticism right now. I think a lot of it is motivated by political party. The Republicans are losing power in Dallas County, and they’re trying to regain it. So they’re doing whatever they can, even making the political mistake of attacking the work we’re doing on wrongful convictions.
What possible arguments could they make against freeing innocent people?
Watkins: Initially, their argument was that it’s not the role of a prosecutor to look for bad convictions—that that’s the role of a defense attorney. But that didn’t work very well for them. And it’s wrong. Both the criminal code of the state of Texas and the American Bar Association’s code clearly state that the job of a prosecutor is to seek justice. That means if a person is guilty, you try to convict him. If he’s not, you don’t. And if you have reason to believe someone has been wrongly convicted, you have a responsibility to fix that.
Their new argument is, “Is this cost effective?” Is this unit we’ve created a net benefit for Dallas County? I guess my response to that is that if we find even one more person who has been wrongly convicted, then yes, it is cost effective. So I think their arguments are off base. And they’re going to have a hard time convincing the public that what we’re doing isn’t necessary.
Dallas County today has exonerated more people than any other county in the country. In fact, more have been exonerated there than in all but a few states. That’s in part due to a historical fluke. Dallas began sending biological evidence to a private lab in the 1980s. That meant there was DNA to sample in cases going back to well before DNA testing became available. It’s also because of the county’s history of aggressive prosecutors. But it’s also because of Watkins and his willingness to actually seek out injustices and fix them.
The first article linked in this post indicates that Watkins found himself embroiled in some ethical scandals and made some enemies above and beyond people who weren’t happy with what he was doing with respect to wrongful convictions. That’s unfortunate. I don’t know enough about those issues to have an opinion on them. But one thing is for sure: Watkins single-handedly changed the debate about wrongful convictions. He showed that wrongful convictions aren’t rare and aren’t necessarily the product of rogue cops or prosecutors. To find wrongful convictions, we only need public officials who are willing to look for them.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

We have evidence to dethrone the Congress government  say Kerala bar hotelownersPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 6, 2014 9:32 pm
In a major setback to the Congress government in the bar bribe issue, a Malayalam TV channel telecast the conversation of bar hotel owners saying that  “we have evidence to dethrone the government.’’
Kerala Bar Hotel Owners Association had a meeting in Kochi on Thursday to discuss the licence renewal issue in the wake of the allegation that Finance Minister K M Mani had taken a bribe of Rs 1 crore to get the bar licences renewed.
Mathrubhumi News telecast the address of bar hotel owner Biju Ramesh in the association meeting. It was Ramesh who had raised the corruption charges against Mani, leader of Kerala Congress (M).
Ramesh told the meeting, “in last three to four years we had a transaction of Rs 20 crore with the government. We should try to bend the government.’’
Referring to the charges against Mani, Ramesh was heard saying “with hitting Mani, half of the job was over. Government is approaching us with settlement options, but we should not believe them. The issue before us is to whether break or bend the government. Considering our pathetic situation, we should try to bend the government. We are holding a dynamite, we should decide whether it should be blasted or not.’’
Ramesh said he was ready to give evidence to any agency and the association members should support him.
The address of the Ramesh showed that the bar hotel owners have evidence to blackmail the government to get the liquor licences cleared.
The bar hotel owners association on Thursday decided to hand over the evidence to the Vigilance regarding the allegation that bar owners had bribed minister K M Mani. A section of bar hotel members told the meeting that names of other ministers, who had taken money, should be revealed. The association decided to collect more evidence in this regard.

Tata Comm partners Google for cloud computing servicesTata Comm partners Google for cloud computing services
Board of Nilkamal appoints directorBoard of Nilkamal appoints director
No extension for Kuttanad Package: Union MinisterThe Hindu Union Minister for Agriculture Radha Mohan Singh and Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy at the inauguration of the Global Agro Meet 2014 at Angamaly near Kochi on Thursday.Photo: K K Mustafah
Says there was no demand when deadline expired
Union Minister for Agriculture Radha Mohan Singh said here on Thursday that the time for the Kuttanad Package could not be extended as the deadline for the project’s completion had lapsed in July 2012.
There was no demand for extension of the period for completion of the Kuttanad Package works from the State government at the time when its time expired, he said.
Agro meet
The Minister was inaugurating the three-day Global Agro Meet and exhibition of organic products and produce BIOFACH India 2014 at Karukutty, near Angamaly, on Thursday.
The Minister, however, said he would give consideration to the issues raised by Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, who had called on him recently raising the issue of the package and other concerns of farmers.
State to press ahead
Mr. Chandy said after the inauguration of the agro meet that the State government was going ahead with works envisaged in the Kuttanad Package.
Work in the Rani and Chithira paddy areas was on, and sowing would be inaugurated on November 16.
Minister for Agriculture K.P. Mohanan expressed optimism that the Kuttanad Package works would be completed with the help of the Union government.
He said the Union Minister had promised to provide funds and suggested ways of using funds from facilities such as the National Horticulture Mission.
Organic State
Mr. Chandy said Kerala would be declared a fully organic State on Kerala Formation Day, November 1, in 2016. Micro-level efforts were under way to take Kerala on to the organic path.
Mr. Singh said the Chief Ministers of Kerala, Punjab, and Maharashtra were the first to call on him with problems confronting famers in their respective States.
Cold chain
Mr. Singh called on Kerala to take advantage of the Centre for Perishable Cargo set up in Kochi for furthering export potential of fruits and vegetables.
He said the Union government was aware of the agro potential of Kerala, and that was the reason why the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) had set up its institutes for plantation crops, tuber crops, spices and fishing technology in the State, a press release from the Press Information Bureau said.

http://usat.ly/1oo9vsaEMAIL
A Maryland resident votes on Election Day. (Carolyn Kaster, AP)
An estimated 37% of eligible voters cast a ballot in the 2014 midterm elections, which would be the lowest since 1942 if the projection holds.
Michael McDonald, an associate professor at the University of Florida, estimated the turnout rate based on Associated Press tallies of votes reported so far and posted state-by-state data on his United States Election Project website .
He cautions that the turnout rate is a preliminary projection that could be revised based on the outstanding ballots cast on Election Day still to be counted, along with provisional ballots and those still coming in by mail.
The turnout rate was 34% in 1942 because Americans were off fighting in World War II, McDonald said.
The early estimated turnout in states such as Alaska, Colorado, Iowa, Maine and Wisconsin all topped 50% because of competitive Senate or gubernatorial races. But states such as Indiana, where turnout is currently estimated at 28%, did not have the draw of such a competitive statewide race.
McDonald said the turnout numbers will start firming up over the next couple of weeks.
“Whatever the final number, it’s not going to be a very stellar level of participation for the country,” he said.

Feds Announce 1st Bitcoin Securities Fraud CaseAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

NASA s Real Life  Interstellar  MissionFollow @DavidMuir
via
Thanksgiving is all about the turkey, the trimmings, and of course, the travel: You have to first survive the trip to enjoy the turkey.
Nearly 32 million Americans will climb into their cars and minivans to travel for the holiday, up 2.6 percent from a year ago.
Why are so many more people on the road this year? For one thing, gas prices are down.
The average price for a gallon of regular gas is $2.23, 9 cents lower than last year and much lower than the $3 plus a gallon this summer.
"There's a lot of pent-up demand from over this summer where the high gas prices and people's confidence in their own personal finances might have prevented some travel," said Mantill Williams of the American Automobile Association.
And travel experts say many families who might have forgone that summer vacation are taking the family on a vacation now.
Air travel is also expected to increase 3.2 percent over last year, with 4.8 million passengers boarding planes for the holiday.
Again, fuel prices are lower, so the typical hike in airfares isn't as steep as it was last year.
"There are fewer planes. Planes are going to be more crowded, so come early and pack plenty of patience," said travel consultant Con Hitchcock.
Where are all these travelers coming from?
The largest number of people -- 9.1 million -- start their trip in the Southeast; 7.2 million in the West; 6.7 million in the Midwest; and 2.4 million in the Northeast.
-- This embed didnt make it to copy for story id = 2672959.
Join the Discussion

Coursera attracts 10 million studentscoursera attracts 10 million students
Wall St. edges up in volatile trading  S&P hits recordWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Letters: All play  no workLetters: All play  no work
Infy probing harassment charges against top executiveInfy probing harassment charges against top executive
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, November 6:  
A group of female employees at Infosys has allegedly complained to the management that a top executive in the company has been harassing them.
The employees also claimed that the Infosys board has not taken the complaint seriously, according to media reports.
However, a spokesperson for the company said it takes every sexual harassment complaint seriously and each case is thoroughly and expeditiously investigated. “Swift and appropriate actions are taken in all such cases. Keeping in view the privacy aspects we do not share particulars of individual cases,” the spokesperson said in a statement. “Infosys prides itself in the diversity of its workforce and in an equal opportunity work environment for its employees,” she added.
According to insiders in the company, the executive has denied any wrongdoing. An investigation into the allegations is still on.
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

India Inc takes on cyber-bullying with dedicated teams  Web toolsIndia Inc takes on cyber-bullying with dedicated teams, Web tools
Rajesh Kurup
‘Better safe than sorry’ is the motto
Mumbai, Dec. 29:  
Indian corporates are stepping up their fight against the increasing menace of cyber-bullying. Dedicated teams and software now patrol the Web regularly, while online reputation management firms are on standby mode at most corporates.
Cyber-bullying refers to posting negative comments or complaints on the Web by disgruntled employees, or the competition, or customers dissatisfied with a firm’s products or services.
“One of the biggest advantages of the Internet is its anonymity. Now, when people put out rumours about a company on the Web and others ‘like’ them, they become viral, and many times the organisation would not be aware of this,” said Shree Parthasarathy, Senior Director, Deloitte in India.
“These may be just rumours, but they could have huge implications on the reputation of a firm,” Parthasarathy said, adding, telecom, banking, IT and manufacturing were the sectors largely targeted in India.
With the motto ‘better safe than sorry’, many companies have put processes and policies in place. For instance, RPG Group uses software tools — Board Reader and Social Mention — to trawl the net, and conduct random checks on #hashtags (used to highlight a topic).
“When there is some negative news, it is paramount to save the evidence, as it could be deleted. Then, we must establish a dialogue with the person behind the post to understand the reasons,” said Sumeet Chatterjee, Corporate Brand Custodian of the RPG Group.
Corrective actions
If the organisation is at fault, the best thing is to own up, offer an apology and take corrective actions, Chatterjee said, adding, online reputation management is a recent practice at RPG.
Tech Mahindra has a dedicated five-member digital marketing team to scan the Web for negative posts. Additionally, it also has brand ambassadors (employees) tasked with countering negative comments on the Web. The IT firm once removed a negative comment purportedly posted under Chairman Anand Mahindra’s name, confirmed a Tech Mahindra spokesperson.
Individuals ganging up against brands and companies form the worst kind of cyber-bullying, said Kiruba Shankar, CEO at social media consultancy firm Business Blogging.
No hushing down
“We encourage clients not to hush down negative comments. Every time somebody tries to do that, people get angry and go to other platforms to vent their ire,” Shankar added.
Incidentally, any comment made on social media platforms tends to attract higher page ranks on Google search. While Facebook gets an 8/10, Wikipedia and Twitter get 9/10, and that of an average corporate site may just be 2/10.
However, Ganesh Natarajan, Chief Executive Officer, Zensar Technologies, wants corporates to take online negative comments in their stride. “I am really not in favour of companies trying to confront it…I completely believe there is a ‘freedom of expression’ angle, and we should ignore such remarks,” Natarajan said.

Children fall easy prey to cyber-bullying: NortonKolkata, March 12:  
Three out of every 10 parents confirmed that their children were victims of the cyber-bullying.
And, almost 32 per cent of parents said their children experienced harassment, denigration, outing secrets, intentional exclusion on the Web and social networking sites.
Such information available with the Internet security major Norton reveal that cyber-bullying is becoming a cause for worry in India.
New product
Showcasing its new product, Norton 360 Multi-Device, here on Tuesday, Ritesh Chopra, Country Sales Manager, India & SAARC, Norton, shared anecdotes how kids in the country are falling prey to such cyber crimes.
Priced at Rs 3,499 and valid for one year, the security solution is compatible with PC, Mac and mobile devices.
According to him, the reports available with Cyber Crime cells stated that cyber-bullying forced kids to commit suicide on a few occasions.
Chopra said the Norton 360 Multi-Device security solution would help reduce such cyber crimes and block all unsafe pages on the Web. It would also give message to the parents on what their children are seeing on the Internet.
The company is planning to engage schools in the metro cities to spread awareness and showcase its product, beginning this April.
(This article was published on March 12, 2013)
Related

Tim Cook inspires LGBT members of Chicago tech communityTim Cook inspires LGBT members of Chicago tech community
Caption Apple CEO Tim Cook
Lucy Nicholson / Reuters / Oct. 27, 2014
Apple CEO Tim Cook, who publicly came out as gay, speaks at the WSJD Live conference in Laguna Beach, Calif., earlier this year.
Apple CEO Tim Cook, who publicly came out as gay, speaks at the WSJD Live conference in Laguna Beach, Calif., earlier this year. (Lucy Nicholson / Reuters / Oct. 27, 2014)
Caption Chicago's LGBT community supports Apple's Tim Cook
Handout
Moira Hardek, from left, president and CEO of Galvanize Labs; Grant Zallis, board member of StartOut and group vice president at InContext Solutions; Mary Shea, adjunct professor of marketing at Booth and founder and CEO of tech sales and marketing consultancy RevvEx Group
Moira Hardek, from left, president and CEO of Galvanize Labs; Grant Zallis, board member of StartOut and group vice president at InContext Solutions; Mary Shea, adjunct professor of marketing at Booth and founder and CEO of tech sales and marketing consultancy RevvEx Group (Handout)
Tim Cook Apple Inc. Steve Jobs University of Chicago
Why Apple CEO Tim Cook inspires LGBT members of the Chicago tech community
When Apple CEO Tim Cook announced Thursday that he is gay, people around the world took notice. Cook is the leader of the most prominent technology company in the world, and now he is believed to be the first openly gay CEO of a Fortune 500 company. In Chicago, Cook’s public announcement was applauded by some in the local LGBT technology community, both for its openness and timing. 
Here’s what some had to say:
Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook on Thursday became the most prominent American corporate leader to come out as gay, saying he was trading his closely guarded privacy for the chance to help move civil rights forward. ( Tribune wire report )
• Grant Zallis, Chicago board member of StartOut, a national group committed to supporting LGBT entrepreneurs, and group vice president of InContext Solutions, on the way in which Cook delivered the announcement in the context of his business:
“His comments around not wanting to be a distraction from Apple’s core mission while knowing it’s a huge sign for others of us who are out in the technology community with growing companies, I think it’s really inspirational. It’s the right type of way to do it.
@cat-50 Unlike the 2 yo-yos below.
OakLawnBill
4
“It can be really tricky when you’re a leader of a large organization; you don’t want to make it about you. At the same time, for the community you’re part of, it’s incredibly important to have leaders you can look up to and gain knowledge from.”
• Moira Hardek, president and CEO of Galvanize Labs, creator of technology education game Taken Charge, on continuing the conversation:
“There’s so much hate being thrown around in the gaming and tech community. Now it’s more important than ever to be able to talk about that and show that visible presence. You want more people to stand up and talk about it. This will start more conversations about it. More people talking about it can only mean good things. The conversation is important.”
• Russ Martin, founder of Solo Founders Unite , on whether Cook’s announcement will encourage people to come out:
“On one side, it probably will influence some people if they’re already kind of on the fence to make the leap, but the other side of that — and I think the reason he waited — is we kind of have to build our reputations first. I think if he would have been out earlier as he was being named as Steve Jobs’ replacement, it would’ve been ‘Openly Gay Executive is Taking the Lead at Apple.’ Once he was in that role, he wanted to build that reputation so that being gay doesn’t define him, it becomes an extra trait. It’s the same math you go through in any role.”
• Mary Shea, adjunct assistant professor of marketing at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and founder and CEO of tech sales and marketing consultancy RevvEx Group, on whether Cook’s announcement might affect Apple:
“I don’t think there’s any downside. I think it’s an incredible occurrence. From a brand perspective, maybe if you think in parts of Asia or Africa, there could be some downside implications. The reality is people love their Apple products, and I think they’re going to continue purchasing them.”

Brussels slashes 2015 eurozone forecastsEuropean Commission slashes eurozone forecasts
Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6c327312-6400-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Homemade butter gilds holiday tables0
European butters are often made from cultured cream, which lends a deeper, more complex flavor (albeit one that tastes off to many Americans, who are used to "sweet cream butter" made from fresh, uncultured cream). In the old days, before pasteurization, the natural lactobacilli in raw milk would cause it to sour lightly if left at room temperature for a couple of days.
If you'd like to make European-style butter, bring a quart of heavy cream to room temperature and stir in 2 tablespoons of cultured buttermilk, which is a mesophilic (or "moderate temperature loving") culture. Let it stand at room temperature, covered, for 6 to 12 hours, or until the cream thickens and tastes pleasantly sour.
Note that some instructions on the Internet direct you to use yogurt as a culture, but yogurt is a thermophilic (heat-loving) culture and will require you to keep the cream at a temperature of 100 to 110 degrees Fahrenheit during the culture period. Buttermilk is easier — and more traditional.
Equipment: Low-tech to high-tech
You can make butter using only cream and a glass jar, if you wish. It's great fun for the kids, who have the energy — and muscle power — to shake a half-cup of heavy cream in a quart jar, and watch it magically turn into butter. You'll get a couple of tablespoons of butter with this method.
But if you want enough to serve a crowd, you'll want something that can accommodate a larger volume of cream.
You can certainly make butter with a hand mixer, although you'll need a big bowl and some patience. A stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment will be easier. I've made butter in my food processor fitted with either the steel blade or the plastic one, and a heavy-duty blender will also do a good job.
The method
Butter is basically whipped cream gone bad. That is, if you over-beat whipping cream, it will eventually separate into butter and skimmed milk or buttermilk. In this case, that's what we want to happen.
Pour the cream into your device of choice and begin processing or beating it. You'll hear the cream "break" as the butter begins to come and the cream separates into butter globules and liquid. The sloshing sound gives the moment away.
At this point, pour the butter and liquid through a fine sieve to drain most of the liquid away. If you used fresh cream, that liquid is skimmed milk. If you cultured the cream, the liquid is buttermilk. Either way, save it for cooking!
Transfer the butter particles to a glass bowl — because the butter won't stick to glass — and rinse it under cold running water, working it with a spatula by pressing the butter against the sides of the bowl, until the water runs clear. Drain the butter and add 1/2 to 1 teaspoon salt, if you wish (it will help remove even more of the liquid, which makes the butter keep longer, and improves the flavor), and work the salt into the butter.
Drain the butter again, if necessary, and pack it into a mold or shape it into a log and place on a piece of parchment paper. Use the paper to form it into a smooth, firm cylinder, wrap it carefully and use within a week, or freeze for up to a month. Thaw overnight in the refrigerator.
On second thought, maybe you'd better make two batches. Homemade butter is so good that it disappears quickly.
Flavor boosts
You've made delicious, fresh butter, but you would like to gild that lily? You want a compound (flavored) butter. Each of these ideas is for 1 pound; adjust if making less. Work the ingredients into the butter after you have salted, then drained it the final time.
Sage-rosemary-thyme-parsley: 1 tablespoon each fresh parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme, chopped; work it into the turkey's skin before roasting.
Blue-cheese: 8 ounces gorgonzola or Roquefort, plus 2 teaspoons Dijon-style mustard and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and hot pepper sauce (such as Tabasco or Franks); serve over mashed potatoes, steamed vegetables, steak.
Cinnamon-maple: 3 to 4 tablespoons real maple syrup, plus 1/2 teaspoon each cinnamon and ground allspice, and a pinch of salt; serve over hot rolls.
Robin Mather is a senior associate editor at Mother Earth News and the author of the cookbook and memoir "The Feast Nearby."

Make your home sparkle with custom party decorMake your home sparkle with custom party decor
Tassel garland
Confetti System, Handout
Confetti System's sparkly tassel garland features tassels made of tissue paper and mylar on a sewn metallic foil string.
Confetti System's sparkly tassel garland features tassels made of tissue paper and mylar on a sewn metallic foil string. (Confetti System, Handout)
By Laura Pearson, Chicago Tribune
Beyonce United Bamboo
Need party decorations? Confetti System offers fun, stylish options.
Scroll through their colorful gallery of tassel garlands and metallic pinatas, and it's clear that Nicholas Anderson and Julie Ho, the pair behind the New York City-based company Confetti System, have elevated party decorations to an art form. The professional crafters — who also work as set designers and prop stylists, with clients ranging from Lanvin and J. Crew to United Bamboo and Beyonce — have a knack for infusing ordinary materials with resplendent style.

Garden Design magazine reblooms0
Garden Design, which relaunched this summer under new ownership, tackles big challenges, such as bringing a dying 5-acre Northern California garden back to life. But it also breaks down the concepts in both words and photos, and provides abundant plant information in captions, asides and shorter stories.
The "In Your Zone" feature provides two pages of richly illustrated regional information targeted to gardeners across the country. The current autumn issue's Midwest Section, for instance, includes a question and answer with Lake Forest landscape architect Craig Bergmann as well as news about notable gardens and events.
Visit the website for subscription information as well as lots of great gardening information: gardendesign.com .

Ciaz zooms past City in Oct as mid-size sedan war takes new turnComments
The battle for the leadership position in the mid-size sedan segment has intensified with Maruti’s new launch Ciaz trumping segment leader Honda City in its first full month of sales in October.
Sales of the Ciaz stood at 6,345 units while City that has been a runaway success since its relaunch in January found 5,125 customers in October.
Erstwhile market leader Hyundai Verna’s tally of around 3,000 units has put it in the third position.
Maruti said it was hopeful of keeping its leadership position and avoid the fate that befell its earlier mid-size car SX4. Though, SX4 got off to a great start, its sales fizzled out after three months.
“We are off to a good start....The festive season has been good for Ciaz. We have bookings of over 17,000 right now,” said RS Kalsi, executive officer marketing and sales, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd. “In the first few months, the demand can be deceptive as there is always a novelty factor with a new car. But we want to retain the segment leadership and sales should stabilise at over 5,000 units per month.”
However, chances of a backlash from Honda are high. Traditionally Indian consumers have rejected big cars from companies such as Maruti and Hyundai, which have hugely-popular small cars.
Thus, this can be in favour of Honda and Toyota that are viewed as more aspirational brands. The trend changed somewhat with the Verna three-years ago but the new City continues to be in great demand even after 10 months of launch. It has a waiting period of around two-three months and its sales tally of over 60,000 units this year — already more than what Verna managed in the entire year in 2013.
“We have started second shift at the Tapukara plant that will eventually double our capacity from 5,000 to 10,000 units. It will help us reduce the waiting period of the City, which currently stands at around two-and-half to three months,” said Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice-president, Honda Cars India Ltd. “We have a marketshare of 49% in the segment and our aim is to retain that position. We have not seen any impact of new launches on demand for the City yet.”
With a refreshed version of the Verna expected to hit the roads in January, competition in the mid-size segment is set to get more intense in the coming months.

Govt ropes in states to meet 24x7 power goal in 5 yearsGovt ropes in states to meet 24x7 power goal in 5 years
Anupama Airy , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 05, 2014
First Published: 00:58 IST(5/11/2014) | Last Updated: 01:52 IST(5/11/2014)
Comments
The Centre has prepared a detailed roadmap in consultation with states to make India “diesel generator and inverter free” in the next five years, and fulfill the Narendra Modi government’s promise to provide 24x7 power to every home, factory and farm and put the country back on the high-growth trajectory.
Power, coal and renewable energy minister Piyush Goyal recently held meetings with ministers of states and Union Territories. The states were told that generating power alone was not enough.
“Development of power generation sector alone cannot ensure 24x7 power supply without matching development of transmission and distribution (T&D) sectors,” a government official said. “For this involvement of the states is vital... states were urged to develop the T&D in partnership mode to keep pace with power generation.”
Losses in transmission are the bane of the power sector in India. Up to 40% of power generated is lost in distribution. State-specific measures agreed at the meeting included bringing down transmission and distribution losses to 15% at the national level. Targets have been set for each state to bring down T&D losses, and over-achievement would be rewarded, the official said.
Faster clearances for coal and power projects on land and environment, expeditious allotment of hydro projects, putting in place state-specific solar power policy besides correcting imbalances in state transmission and distribution systems were also discussed, said the official.
Power generation has also been given state-specific strategy. For instance, Andhra Pradesh, Odisha, Karnataka, Rajasthan and Gujarat among others were asked to focus on solar power, while Arunachal Pradesh and Uttrakhand were asked to exploit the available hydro potential.
The Centre has roped in international funding agencies and banks such as the World Bank for help; the thrust is on bringing down distribution losses and improving infrastructure, apart from focusing on solar power.
World Bank help has been sought for a state-wise turnaround plan for the key states that together account for about 80% of the country’s $20 billion (`1.2 lakh crore) annual power distribution losses.
“The World Bank will help the states to undertake the required, difficult turnaround actions and will evaluate and implement state-specific programmes by providing international financial resources through long term Re bonds or credit enhancement products,” a government official said.
India’s total installed power generation capacity in all modes stands at 250,000 MW. Of this, only about 140,000 MW is actually available because of coal and gas shortages and sub-optimal capacity utilisation.
Solar power capacity is just 2,750 MW, which the Modi government is hoping to increase to 100,000 MW in the next five years.

H Sudarshan is Schwab-Jubilant Social Entrepreneur  2014Healthcare NGO Karuna Trust’s founder H Sudarshan emerged the winner of the India Social Entrepreneur of the Year 2014 award given by the Schwab Foundation for Social Entrepreneurship in partnership with the Jubilant Bhartia Foundation.
Magic Bus and Bodh Shiksha Samiti were the other finalists. There were 189 entries this year. 
While giving away the award and certificates to the three finalists, finance minister Arun Jaitley said: “CSR alone, in its very first year, is going to contribute about Rs. 14,000 crore to the (social) sector and that’s reasonably a large amount of money. This is going to increase year after year as corporate profits increase.”
The Indian society was currently “witnessing a passing phase or turning point,” he said, expressing hope that companies would enter charity in a big way. “Its impact will now be fully seen. (It will be) appreciated by even those who are otherwise unaware or unwilling to recognise the contribution.”
Karuna Trust has been operating to transform dysfunctional government primary healthcare centres (PHCs) into professional hubs of ‘last mile’ healthcare service delivery. It works through a public-private partnership (PPP) model where the government invests in infrastructure upgrade of the PHCs and Karuna Trust brings on board healthcare management systems and innovations.
Village health councils hold PHCs accountable for reporting higher health outcomes and functioning as zero-corruption zones. Karuna Trust has catered to over one million patients and reported health outcomes, among the highest in the country.
“It will motivate us to do more and bring recognition to the efforts,” Sudarshan said.
“Karuna Trust is working in (Maoist-affected) areas where even normal government machinery cannot enter,” Jaitley said.
“We hope these entrepreneurs and their work will serve as an inspiration to many more social innovators,” said Hilde Schwab, chairperson and co-founder of Schwab Foundation.
Shyam S Bhartia, chairman and MD and Hari S Bhartia, co-chairman and MD, Jubilant Life Sciences and founder directors of Jubilant Bhartia Foundation, said: “The social entrepreneurs are the dreamers, the innovators, the doers and most importantly, they are the pragmatic visionaries. Jubilant Bhartia Foundation looks forward to collaborating and supporting them with linkages and networks to increase their impact and scale.”
Schwab Foundation is a sister organisation of the World Economic Forum (WEF). The winner will be invited to join the foundation’s global community of over 250 social innovators.
The panel of judges met on Tuesday morning to select the winner. They included Shobhana Bhartia, chairperson and editorial director, HT Media Ltd; Sudha Pillai, board member, Jubilant Life Sciences;  David Aikman, MD, head of New Champions, WEF; Neelam Chhiber, MD, Industree Crafts Foundation; Harish Hande, MD, Selco Solar Light; Sunil Kant Munjal, joint MD, Hero MotoCorp; Ronnie Screwvala, first-generation entrepreneur; and Chetna Vijay Sinha, winner, SEOY 2013 and founder of Mann Deshi Group of Ventures.

Private equity: boomerang© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/7187cf80-6142-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bank regulation: no presents yet© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/ac280f3c-650d-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Marks and Spencer: fireworks night© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/06d834bc-6508-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mexico prepares for new era gas imports from TexasSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Air strikes target Nusra fighters in Syria© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3dad5cf6-658f-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

OECD urges members to encourage growthOECD urges members to encourage growth
Chris Giles in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6e76690-6508-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UP youths sport Pak team T-shirts  get booked for  treasonUber cab driver in India arrested after suspected rape
An FIR on charges of “treason” has been registered against 10 youths after they allegedly wore Pakistan cricket team t-shirts during a religious procession in a village, leading to tension in the area.
“An FIR on charges of treason has been registered against 10 youths at Kubersthan police station here last evening,”
Superintendent of Police Lalit Kumar Singh said over phone from Kushinagar.
Tension gripped Kalyan Chhapar village after the youths were seen participating in the procession on November 4 wearing Pakistan cricket team t-shirts. This was opposed by some locals, who later informed the police.
After the intervention of police, the youths removed their t-shirts. Heavy police force was deployed in the area to prevent any untoward incident.
“Further probe in the matter has been handed over to Additional SP Chandraprakash Shukla as it could have created a major law and order problem had the police not intervened timely,” Singh said.
Meanwhile, BJP MP Yogi Adityanath demanded strict action against those involved in the act.

Applications for US jobless aid fall to 2 78 000Updated: November 6, 2014 19:41 IST
Applications for US jobless aid fall to 2,78,000
AP
World
Fewer people applied for U.S. unemployment benefits last week, a sign that the job market should continue to improve.
The Labour Department said Thursday that weekly applications fell 10,000 to a seasonally adjusted 2, 78,000. The four-week average, a less volatile measure, declined 2,250 to 2, 79,000, the lowest level in more than 14 years.
Applications are a proxy for layoffs and have fallen 18.5 percent in the past year. This suggests rising economic confidence among businesses, causing them to keep their workers and potentially look to hire more employees.
The decline in applications has overlapped with stronger hiring in 2014.
Employers have added an average of 2, 27,000 jobs a month in 2014, up from an average of 1, 94,000 in 2013. Over the past 12 months, employers have added 2.64 million jobs, the best showing since April 2006. The unemployment rate has fallen to 5.9 percent, a six-year low.
Economists predict that the Friday jobs report will show that 2, 30,000 jobs were added in October. The unemployment rate is projected to hold steady.
U.S. companies added 230,000 jobs in October, payroll processer ADP said Wednesday. The result was the highest in four months and a sign that businesses are still willing to hire despite signs of slowing growth overseas. Job gains above 2, 00,000 are usually enough to lower the unemployment rate.
Still, the improvement in hiring has yet to translate into higher wages. Average wages have grown slightly faster than inflation. Median annual household income at 54,045 dollars remains 4.6 per cent lower than incomes when the recession began in late 2007, according to Sentier Research.

G-20: India to push for global framework to check tax evasionCrossing the line: Mamata takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language use.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

More men say they want to be stay-at-home dads than actually areBy Catherine Rampell November 6 Follow @crampell
In response to Charles Murray’s piece about celebrating the social value of stay-at-home wives and mothers, my colleague Jim Tankersley asked (via Twitter) an excellent question: Why focus on stay-at-home women rather than stay-at-home men, given that women are accumulating more human capital than their male counterparts? Young women are more likely to get college degrees today than men are; doesn’t that suggest that women’s comparative advantage might lie in the workplace, while men’s lies at home?
W. Bradford Wilcox, director of the National Marriage Project, responded to point out that conversations about homemakers tend to focus on women in part because women have stronger preferences for staying home than men do. And that’s  true ; when asked “if money were no object, and you were free to do whatever you wanted, would you stay at home, would you work full time, or would you work part time?” mothers of children younger than 18 were more likely than fathers to say they wanted to stay home. (The vast majority of both said they wanted to work at least part time, though.)
Source: New York Times/CBS News poll conducted May 31-June 4, 2013.
But here’s the rub: These moms who say they want to stay at home are by and large already getting their wish. The dads aren’t.
The charts below show the poll data I cited earlier (on stated work status preferences) alongside Labor Department data on actual workforce participation rates among parents:
Blue bars show results from New York Times/CBS News poll conducted May 31-June 4, 2013, and refer to share of all survey respondents who are parents of children under 18. Green bars show 2013 Labor Department data, and refer to share of total civilian noninstitutional population of parents who live with their own children (including stepchildren and adopted children). Unemployed workers could be looking for part-time work or full-time work.
Among fathers, 16 percent say they’d ideally stay at home, if money were no object. Just 7 percent of them are actually abstaining from the labor force. Now look at mothers: 22 percent say they would ideally like to stay at home and not work, while 30 percent actually do so.
In other words more dads say they want to stay at home than actually do, and fewer moms say they want to stay at home than actually do. Both genders also have much stronger stated preferences for working part time than their real-life work arrangements suggest, with nearly a third of fathers and half of mothers saying their ideal work status would be part time.
So what accounts for the divergence between stated work preferences and actual work arrangements?
Let’s start with the barriers to taking part-time work: Some jobs are just not easy to divvy into part-time hours, either because of the nature of the work or the costs to the employer associated with hiring and managing more staff. Part-time jobs also tend to pay less on an hourly basis than their full-time equivalents and may not be remunerative enough to justify paying for child care. So, many parents who would ideally like to work part time instead choose full-time jobs that pay a little better. Or — more often for mothers than for fathers — they stay out of the workforce altogether, which means they can provide child care themselves.
Fathers may feel relatively reluctant to drop out of the labor force — even when that is their preference, or when they prefer a part-time job but can’t find one – for two main reasons: A) They are still more likely to be in higher-paying careers than their children’s mothers are (a trend that may change as women obtain more education, as Tankersley suggested); and B) compared with women, men may feel greater social pressure to be breadwinners rather than homemakers, part of the so-called “ masculine mystique .”
Which suggests that perhaps the conversation around stay-at-home spouses at spouses and parents is indeed somewhat misdirected: Maybe commentators (including myself and Charles Murray) should start making a bigger effort to support and celebrate the desires of would-be stay-at-home fathers, if indeed we believe that stay-at-home parents and spouses are good for society.
Catherine Rampell is an opinion columnist at The Washington Post.

Tricky take-offs may have limited pterodactyl sizeBy Rachel Feltman November 6 Follow @rachelfeltman
Pterosaur vs. giraffe, illustrated. (Mark Witton)
According to a new computer model , pterosaurs (more commonly known as pterodactyls) had no trouble flying despite their massive size. Taking off, however, posed a big problem — and it probably kept these ancient reptiles from growing any bigger.
Pterosaurs had wingspans of up to 35 feet, and the largest of them may have weighed a quarter of a ton. That's a good 10 feet larger across than the largest known flying bird  to have ever lived. Those massive birds couldn't even fly by flapping their wings — their bodies were so heavy they had to glide. Some researchers have argued that the largest Pterosaurs must have used similar hang-glider-like tricks, or not flown at all.
But now we know that pterosaurs simply flew differently than birds do. Instead of running and flapping their wings, the pterosaurs used all four limbs to launch themselves up into the air.
In a study presented today at the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology meeting in Berlin, Colin Palmer (a mechanical engineer and doctoral student at Bristol University) and Mike Habib (a paleontologist at the University of Southern California) combined their areas of expertise to put this unique method of flight to the test.
The researchers worked with a pterosaur model created using 3-D scans of available fossils, scaling the creature to different sizes. They found that the creature could take off using the proposed four-limbed method, and that its flexible membrane-covered wings allowed it to modulate speed, slowing down enough to land safely.
But while a model with a wingspan of nearly 40 feet (larger than any known real-life pterosaur) could still stay airborne, it couldn't actually get itself off the ground. That four-limbed takeoff may have done some serious heavy lifting, but it had limits.
"Getting into the air ultimately limited pterosaur size," Palmer said in a statement. "Even with their unique four-legged launch technique, the iron laws of physics eventually caught up with these all-time giants of the cretaceous skies."
Pterosaur hunting, illustrated. (Mark Witton)
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

CBS launches online live-streaming news serviceCBS launches online live-streaming news service
CBS
George Rose / Getty Images
A large sign and logo greets visitors to CBS's Television Studios in Los Angeles.
A large sign and logo greets visitors to CBS's Television Studios in Los Angeles. (George Rose / Getty Images)
Reuters
Television CBS Corp. News Media Amazon.com Inc.
CBS Corp launched a digital streaming news network, CBSN, that will show live, anchored news coverage for its streaming customers.
CBSN will be available on CBSNews.com and through connected devices such as Amazon.com Inc's Fire TV and Roku TV, CBS said.
The company launched a digital video-on-demand and live-streaming service last month as it aimed to win back viewers who are increasingly turning to the Internet for entertainment.
(Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bangalore; Editing by Maju Samuel)

Cabinet expansion: Modi govt to appoint new defence ministerCabinet expansion: Modi govt to appoint new defence minister
Three things to watch at todays ECB meetingFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Fleming Family to merge with StonehageFleming Family to merge with rival Stonehage
Harriet Agnew, City Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34570892-65ac-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Deccan Gold Mines to hold board meetingDeccan Gold Mines to hold board meeting
Jharkhand elections: Congress complain against BJP candidate for missingdeadlinePrint
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi | Posted: November 7, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: November 7, 2014 2:33 am
The Congress on Thursday complained to the chief electoral officer against the BJP’s Manika candidate, claiming he submitted his nomination papers after the deadline on Wednesday.
Wednesday was the last day to submit nominations for the first of five phases of elections in the state. There had been rumours on Wednesday evening that Hare Krishna Singh had missed the deadline as he had reached the Sub Divisional Magistrate’s office in Maduadandr in Latehar district past the deadline of 3 PM. However, later the same day, news came through that Singh’s papers had been accepted, with the BJP claiming he had reached on time.
On Thursday, a spokesperson for the state unit of the BJP said Singh had reached on time but admitted he had submitted his papers late. “He was in the SDM’s room at 2.45 in the afternoon. He had to wait while another candidate submitted his nomination papers. He finally gave in his papers after 3 PM but the rule says he has to be present before deadline,” said Pradeep Sinha.
Jharkhand’s CEO said he had received the complaint and has called for a report from the District Electoral Officer. “The DEO — the deputy commissioner of Latehar — has been asked to submit a report by Friday evening,” said P.K. Jajoria.
There was more drama in Mahuadandr on Wednesday, after the CEO’s office failed to get in touch with the SDM’s till 8.30 in the night for details of nominations submitted over the day. Mahuadandr, a CPI-Maoist stronghold, is one of the worst-connected blocks in Jharkhand. It was for the first time that nominations were being submitted there.
“Only BSNL works in Mahuadandr and that too, is patchy. The loss of connectivity is not connected to the allegations made by the Congress,” said Jajoria.

US Navy SEAL  who shot al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden  unmaskedUS Navy SEAL, who shot al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden, goes public
PTI
print
A decorated ex-Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill has been unmasked as the man who pumped three shots to the head of elusive al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden during a top-secret 2011 raid on his hideout in Pakistan.
(A picture of former US Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill, who pumped three shots into al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden. (Twitter Photo))
O'Neill, 38, is the SEAL Team Six member who fired the three shots to the head of the al Qaeda leader during the raid, according to SOFREP, a website dedicated to military news.
He grew up in Montana mining town and is now facing possible legal action for giving out the tightly held secret.
He is expected to reveal himself during a two-part Fox News TV special next week.
O'Neill was one of 23 SEALS who flew into the Pakistani garrison city of Abbottabad on the night of May 2, but the last to see bin Laden alive.
It had previously been unclear precisely how the terrorist leader was killed and how many servicemen had been involved in his death.
O'Neill, who is married with children, was last year interviewed by Esquire magazine, which did not publish his name. He told how he joined the army at the age of 19 as a reaction to his then-girlfriend leaving him.
His exploits have already been portrayed on the big screen in the action flicks "Zero Dark Thirty", "Captain Phillips" and "Lone Survivor."
O'Neill served more than a dozen tours of duty in active combat, including Iraq and Afghanistan, undertaking 400 separate combat missions.
For his service he has been decorated 52 times, up to the level of senior chief petty officer before he left. He was awarded two Silver Stars -- the military's third highest honour -- as well as four Bronze Stars.
It has been reported that his decision to speak out was prompted by losing some of his military benefits by quitting the SEALs after 16 years rather than completing a full 20 years of service.
Earlier, the elite US Navy SEALs were warned against betraying their promise to maintain secrecy and not speak to the media to gain "public notoriety and financial gain".
The October 31 letter from Admiral Brian Losey specifies that the warning holds even after a mission is over, and it scolds those seeking public credit.
The admonition was seemingly directed both at Matt Bissonnette -- who revealed his role in the 2011 bin Laden mission with "60 Minutes" -- and at O'Neill at the centre of the upcoming Fox News documentary.

Flu shuts down west suburban elementary schoolTwo La Grange-area elementary school districts are joining the local high school district in pursuit of legislation that would allow them to separate from the scandal-tainted township school treasurer's office and manage finances in-house. ( Stephanie K. Baer )
Vladika said staff was concerned Wednesday when the 260-student school's absenteeism rate reached 80 students by the end of the day, including children whose parents called them out sick that morning and those who went home during the day.
With nearly a third of students missing some school Wednesday, Vladika said she decided to close the school Thursday.
"At one time, five kids were coming down to the office with flu-like symptoms," Vladika said. "Then another, then another."
Many of those students' parents called school officials to confirm their children had the same symptoms — vomiting and diarrhea, Vladika said. Two students were taken by their parents to a local emergency room, she said. Eight teachers also started to come down with the bug Wednesday, she said.

Manjhi s resignation demanded on moral groundManjhi s resignation demanded on moral ground
Letters reveal ECB threat to IrelandECB threatened to end funding unless Ireland sought bailout
Vincent Boland in Dublin and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f4ed1fa-65ac-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Announces 1st Bitcoin Securities Fraud CaseAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Best prices to come on Thanksgivingbest prices to come on thanksgiving
India is the 4th most vacation-deprived nationIndia is the 4th most vacation-deprived nation
LUKE MACGREGOR / Reutersluke macgregor / reuters
Mario Draghis press conferenceRemember me on this computer
Sign in

World Bank to Asia: Step Up in Battle Against Ebolaworld bank to asia: step up in battle against ebola
Here s How The McRib Is Actually Madereddit
Fresh off a proclamation that its food does indeed rot , McDonald's has produced an entire video showing that the McRib sandwich is not made from a slab of fake frozen meat that best resembles a Lego brick, but from a slab of real frozen meat that best resembles a Lego brick.
McDonald's invited high school teacher Wes Bellamy to tour the factory of one of its McRib suppliers in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, after he tweeted an image of a frozen McRib patty last year:
Wooooooww RT @ABC7News This is what a McRib looks like before it's cooked, for the record. http://t.co/exFr2Js5Jr pic.twitter.com/xGNBGuo3Dh
— Wes Bellamy, M.Ed (@WesBellamy) November 15, 2013
McDonald's PR team also invited along Grant Imahara of MythBusters fame to add a little color commentary. What the two found was that the making of the McRib isn't as gross as they may have thought.
First, real pork meat is processed and mixed with water, salt, dextrose -- a type of sugar -- and preservatives.
Then, they move the meat around the factory a bit.
The pork gets shaped into something that vaguely resembles a rack of ribs. Then the patties are sprayed with water and frozen.
See? What's gross about square-shaped pork slabs being hosed down with water?
Of course, as this is a video produced by McDonald's, the mass production of the McRib patty is being shown in the most palatable way possible. As The Awl's John Herrman points out, the video may be a clever marketing ploy not because it reveals any secrets or refutes any rumors but because it puts the patty in the context of how mass-produced food is made. Instead of a gross viral image taken out of context, it now becomes "a triumph of precision and science," as Herrman put it.
And here's the final result.
Ah, jeez, wait, they actually ate that?
Here's the full video:
More:

Why Google Express delivers and how WeDeliver received the news1
Said TechNexus CEO Terry Howerton: “Google imagines a world where self-driving cars are flooding the streets of Chicago, delivering packages. To get there, there’s a lot they have to learn about logistics.”
Houston-based retail analyst Jack Plunkett pointed out that Google Express requires users to sign up for Google Wallet, which allows users to make purchases in stores or to make payments online or to friends. Plunkett thereby suggested the company is getting in the delivery business for more than just the delivery fees.
“It looks to me like a loss leader for Google,” Plunkett said, referring to the strategy of selling one thing for a loss and recouping profits elsewhere.
Others are getting in on the delivery game. San Francisco-based Instacart has been delivering groceries in Chicago for more than a year, using an Uber-like model. Instacart doesn’t employ its shoppers and delivery people. The Instacart application instead matches shoppers with freelance delivery people and can achieve delivery times in a matter of hours, the company says.
Instacart Chicago manager Scott Holloway said the combination of advancing technology and people’s expectation of convenience is driving the sector.
“The technology now is right for us to do this more and more efficiently,” he said.
WeDeliver deals directly with merchants, allowing them to offer delivery service to their customers. Odom, whose company also uses the crowdsourcing model of linking delivery orders with freelance drivers, said the demand and technology are in place and that he thinks Google’s entry into the market shines a brighter light on his company. 
“The more customers get educated about (same-day) delivery, the better it is for people like us,” he said. 
He’s also looking for a bump from Locally, WeDeliver’s platform to help its customers sell online. The Locally app is now available, though an official launch announcement isn’t expected for a few days, Odom said.
Odom also said it would be a significant mistake for him to try and react to Google, rather than sticking to his business strategy.
“I can’t suddenly change and try to be Google,” he said.
TechStars Chicago managing director Troy Henikoff, whose company has a 6 percent stake in WeDeliver, said he sees a viable market for the company. “It’s too hard for (Google Express) to aggregate the local guys,” he said.
Analysts and entrepreneurs see a growing market — and endless possibilities.
“Let’s imagine Uber becomes a logistics company,” said TechNexus' Howerton, “and the little muffin store on the corner just has to push a button and an Uber driver, who happens to be in the area, picks up the delivery.”

Big dreams of India-Africa trade at Delhi forumSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Washington Sets the Pace on Income Inequalityreddit
Amid all the recent reporting about income inequality in America, one fact has remained remarkably well hidden: Washington, D.C. has a higher level of inequality than any of the 50 states, according to new data from the Census Bureau's 2013 American Community Survey.
The Census Bureau used a statistical tool known as the "Gini coefficient" to measure the difference between incomes at the high end and the low end. The higher the Gini coefficient, the larger the gap between rich and poor, with zero being the point at which everyone has an equal income, and 1 being the point at which inequality is the worst.
In 2013, the national Gini coefficient was .481, up from .476 in 2012, an increase the Census Bureau called significant. That compares to 0.397 in 1967, when the coefficient was first figured for the U.S.
In 2013, the Gini coefficient in the District of Columbia was 0.532, higher than the national figure and higher than every last one of the 50 states.
Moreover, the larger metropolitan area that includes the District of Columbia had the highest median household income of all of the 25 largest metro areas in 2013: $90,000 per year. That means a full 50 percent of the households make MORE than that.
It's not surprising that inequality should be highest in the nation's capital. Looking at inequality in terms of wealth as well as disposable income, Washington has played a central role in increasing it nationwide. And it has done so largely through a disastrous series of failures in housing and mortgage credit policy.
First, in the early part of the new millennium, Congress and the White House sat idly by as lenders financially ravaged lower-income and minority neighborhoods with dangerously risky loans to buy overpriced homes. Many of those loans led people quickly into foreclosure and severe economic loss, including many people who already owned their homes free and clear.
The resulting foreclosure crisis left many minority neighborhoods blighted with vacant and abandoned homes and unable to attract critical commercial investment.
When the foreclosure crisis blew up and the mortgage market collapsed in 2008, Congress and the federal bureaucracy took over the task of deciding who could get loans and who could not.
And yet, six full years later, they still have not decided what the new American mortgage market should look like or how it should operate.  Mortgage loans remain very hard to come by, even for middle-class folks and sluggish home sales are still a drag on the economy. As a result, many people are not benefitting from the upward mobility that homeownership can bring.
But the root cause of this continued inequality lies with the policy of subsidizing home purchases by wealthier households while doing very little to help the lower-income families that generally rent their homes.
Take the home mortgage interest deduction for example.
Costing at least $70 billion a year, the mortgage interest deduction is one of the largest federal tax expenditures, but most of its benefits go to higher-income households who generally could afford a home without assistance, according to the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities. In 2012, 77 percent of the benefits went to homeowners with incomes above $100,000.  Meanwhile, close to half of homeowners with mortgages -- most of them middle- and lower-income families -- received no benefit from the deduction.
At the same time, of all the people with incomes low enough to qualify for federal rental assistance, less than one-quarter actually receive such assistance, including the elderly and families, because Congress refuses to adequately fund rental housing programs.
Forty percent of renter households paid more than 40 percent of their income for rent in 2013. When you look at lower income households, the percentage paying more than 40 percent is far higher, and the impact on their lives is much greater.  It's very hard to improve one's economic potential when it's a struggle just to meet the monthly rent payment and avoid eviction.
It's no wonder that median incomes are so high in Washington. The policies that favor the wealthy are getting results, according to the rest of the Census data. The Gini coefficient increased in 2013 in 15 states.  It was basically unchanged in 34.  Alaska was the only state where inequality decreased by this measure.
Housing policy changes could help reverse that trend, and there are some tentative signs that change may be on the horizon.  A bipartisan group of former members of Congress and former cabinet secretaries recently called for a reduction in the tax benefits for homeownership, and the use of some of the revenue to help provide more affordable rental housing. Now, as the income gap between rich and poor continues to widen towards new extremes, it's an idea whose time has certainly come.
More:

Ranbaxy Loses 6-Month Exclusivity on Roche s Antiviral DrugYou are here: Home Corporates
US Pulls Approval for Ranbaxy Copies of AstraZeneca, Roche Drugs
Reuters | Updated On: November 06, 2014 19:03 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Mumbai: The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has revoked a tentative approval for Ranbaxy Laboratories to make a cheap copy of AstraZeneca's heartburn drug Nexium, after its Indian plants were banned over quality control issues.
The FDA has also stripped Ranbaxy of tentative approval and six-month exclusivity for a copy of Roche's antiviral Valcyte, a fresh blow to the company that has been hit by a raft of regulatory bans over poor production quality.
The US regulator has banned all of Ranbaxy's India-based plants under a wider scrutiny of the country's $15-billion pharmaceutical industry, which is the largest supplier of generic medicines to the United States.
Ranbaxy was the first company to receive tentative approvals to launch the cheaper copies of the two drugs in 2008, making it eligible to exclusively market the medicines for six months - a huge revenue generating opportunity.
The launch of Nexium and Valcyte generics had been awaiting final approval from the FDA. That was delayed as Ranbaxy struggled to resolve quality control issues at its drug manufacturing plants.
Ranbaxy said in a statement on Thursday that the FDA informed the company that the regulator's original decisions granting tentative approval were "in error because of the compliance status of the facilities" mentioned in the applications.
The US drug regulator also told the Indian drug maker there were no "data integrity issues" related to the company's filings for the two drugs, Ranbaxy said. The company did not elaborate and a spokesman did not respond to a mail seeking comment.
"Ranbaxy is disappointed with this development and is actively evaluating all available options to preserve its rights," the company said.
AstraZeneca on Thursday reported better-than-expected sales performance and raised its 2014 sales forecast for the second quarter in a row, due to the delayed arrival of generic copies of its Nexium drug in the United States.
AstraZeneca CEO Pascal Soriot said he was "not totally sure" how to read Ranbaxy's announcement on generic Nexium. He told analysts in a post-earnings call that he was still assuming there would be no generic Nexium in the United States this year.
Swiss drug maker Roche declined to comment.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Mutual Funds lap up shares worth Rs 6 000 cr in OctNew Delhi, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 20:12 IST
Mutual Funds lap up shares worth Rs 6,000 cr in Oct
PTI
mutual funds
Continuing their buying spree for the sixth straight month, mutual funds pumped in close to Rs 6,000 crore (about USD 1 billion) in the equity market during October amid a market rally.
As per the latest data compiled by market regulator Sebi, Mutual Funds purchased shares worth Rs 17,483 crore last month, while they sold stocks worth Rs 11,543 crore — a net inflow of Rs 5,940 crore.
This is the sixth consecutive month when mutual funds have been net purchasers in equity market.
Industry experts attributed the inflows in equities to improvement in market sentiments, primarily due to the new government’s reforms agenda.
Besides, retail participation in equity schemes has increased significantly in the last few months.
“The money in equities started coming in from the second half of May, after the announcement of General Election’s verdict, and the momentum has continued till date,” said a market expert.
A mutual fund is an investment vehicle made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors. The funds are invested in stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
MFs invested a net of over Rs 4,100 crore in September, close to Rs 6,000 crore in August, Rs 5,000 crore in July, Rs 3,340 crore in June and Rs 105 crore in May.
Prior to that, they had been net sellers in the equity market since September last year. They were net buyers of shares worth Rs 1,607 crore in August 2013.
The latest net inflow in the equity market is in line with the BSE index, Sensex, gaining 4.6 per cent last month.
In the first 10 months of 2014, MFs have purchased net shares worth over Rs 14,000 crore.
MFs offloaded shares worth Rs 14,208 crore last fiscal, lower than Rs 22,749 crore offloaded in 2012—13.
The financial year ended March 31, 2014 also marked the fifth consecutive year of net outflows by mutual funds in the equities after they had pumped in a net amount of Rs 6,985 crore in the share market in 2008—09.

OVL eyes stake in Tullow Oils Africa assetsNEW DELHI, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 20:40 IST
OVL eyes stake in Tullow Oil’s Africa assets
Reuters
oil and gas - upstream activities
ONGC Videsh Ltd. (OVL), the overseas investment arm of Oil and Natural Gas Corp, is looking to buy a stake in the assets of Africa-focused exploration company Tullow Oil Plc, a source with direct knowledge of matter said.
India, the world's fourth biggest oil consumer, has charged oil marketing firms with acquiring assets overseas to improve the security of its energy supplies. The country imports about 80 per cent of its crude needs.
OVL aims to get 400,000 barrels per day (bpd) of crude from its overseas assets by 2018, compared with about 167,000 bpd produced from overseas holdings in the fiscal year to March, 2014, ONGC’s Chairman said in October.
To meet its objective, the company is looking at acquisitions, preferably of producing assets, in politically less risky countries.
“ONGC is keen to buy a stake in the African properties of Tullow that includes assets in Ghana and Kenya,” said the source who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the issue.
Tullow Oil declined to comment to Reuters when asked if it was in talks with ONGC or others on a stake sale.
OVL wants to acquire assets in stable geographies like North America, Canada and Mexico, and expand its presence in Africa, Managing Director N. K. Verma said in an interview earlier this week.
London-listed Tullow has a number of oil assets in Africa, including its flagship Jubilee oil field offshore Ghana.
ONGC in 2009 made an attempt to buy the Jubilee stake of private equity-backed company Kosmos Energy. Kosmos later shelved plans to sell its stake.

Illinois employers warn of 900 layoffs in October39
Sears Holdings, which also operates Kmart stores, said it planned to lay off a total of 180 workers as it closes 2 Kmart stores in Forest Park and Peoria. These stores were among a list of 55 Kmart, 30 Sears and 31 Sears Auto Center locations slated to close from September to mid-January according to a report last month.
Mount Zion Flat Glass said it will let go of 187 workers by the end of the year when it closes its doors.
Other companies announcing layoffs include Nokia Solutions and Networks, which plans to lay off 83 employees, Rock Island-based Country Stone Holdings which will lay off 74 workers, and hotel operator Atwood which plans to lay off 48 workers at its Loop location. Lastly, Comcast said it planned to close a center in Schaumburg and lay off 63 employees.
The Illinois Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act requires businesses with 75 or more employees to provide the state with 60 days advance notice of pending plant closures or mass layoffs.

At India dinner  Cameron waxes eloquent without mentioning IndiaAt India dinner  Cameron waxes eloquent without mentioning India
Experian boosted by consumer confidenceExperian boosted by rise in loan applications
Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a1f71594-659e-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pea Nieto tries to rewrite Mexicos scriptPeña Nieto’s attempt to rewrite Mexico’s grisly script
Jude Webber
The president is seeking to change the nation’s course on law and order, writes Jude Webber
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/006b225c-6516-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

When did Facebook become my motherBy Caitlin Dewey November 6 Follow @caitlindewey
(Facebook)
Almost overnight, it would seem, Facebook has become the Internet’s nagging mother — reminding you to vote, send that check to the Red Cross, and eat five full servings of fruits and vegetables a day.
… Okay, there are no nutrition reminders. Yet. But the world’s largest social network has lately grown active in policing the civic duties of its users — an undertaking with potentially significant consequences, given that its users number north of 1.35 billion.
On Tuesday, Facebook for the first time splashed a banner across the timelines of all users in the United States, urging them to vote in the midterm elections and to declare that they voted on their Facebook page.
(Facebook)
Only two days later, the site rolled out a new “donate” banner that urges users to give money to the International Medical Corps, the Red Cross or Save the Children — three organizations fighting Ebola in West Africa. In a news release , Facebook said the banner will roll out to top user timelines over the course of the next week.
“Caitlin, you can help stop Ebola,” the bold-faced message reads. “Donate to organizations working in West Africa so they can save lives and stop the outbreak.”
This is, of course, a self-evidently noble and worthwhile cause. Only some kind of misanthropic or morally unmoored monster would look at this banner — displayed, in all likelihood, on the screen of her $600 smartphone — and snap, “no, Facebook! How dare you guilt me into supporting the fight against one of the largest and most underfunded public health crises of our time??!” Likewise, voting: We can all agree, generally speaking, that efforts to get out the vote are good.
But this is a slippery slope, right? It is, in fact, the same slippery slope we encounter whenever anyone speaks of the “nanny state,” a higher power that, rather like Facebook, rules on decisions typically left to individuals.
“First they came for our soda,” MSNBC’s Ben Adler grieved during the great New York City soda-ban debates of 2012. “… Classic New York delicacies such as pastrami sandwiches and desserts from Serendipity are just as unhealthy as sodas. Will Bloomberg go after them next?”
In other words, we may all agree — based on science or statistics or some shared sense of morality — that certain behaviors are inherently good for us: avoiding sugary sodas, going for annual health exams, filing our tax returns on time. But who do we want to guide us on these things? If we’re uncomfortable outsourcing this kind of public health and civic policing to a democratically elected government, shouldn’t we also feel a bit squeamish when they’re adopted by a massive corporation like Facebook?
It’s a question worth considering, particularly as it becomes more and more apparent that Facebook’s experiments in social change have powerful, far-reaching outcomes. During the 2010 midterm elections, Facebook’s “I Voted” button may have persuaded as many as 340,000 otherwise apathetic voters to go to the polls. And smaller experiments in user-manipulation, like the much-discussed “emotional contagion” study the site published earlier this year, have proven that even subtle changes can impact users’ mood.
So if Facebook did adopt a five-a-day banner, it could probably solve the obesity crisis. It’s just not entirely clear if that’s the company’s place.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Pakistan calls Kashmiri separatists freedomfightersBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: November 6, 2014 10:25 pm
Pakistan on Thursday called Kashmiri separatists “freedom fighters”, a day after Defence Minister Arun Jaitley asked the country to draw a red line and decide whether it wants to talk to Government or those who want to break India.
“Kashmiris (Hurriyat) are not Indian separatists. They are freedom fighters. They belong to an occupied territory that has been recognised by the United Nations resolutions,” Pakistan Foreign Office Spokesperson Tasnim Aslam said.
However, the official transcript released by the Foreign Office later did not carry these remarks but said, “Kashmiris are not Indian separatists they are people in occupied territory struggling for their right to self-determination that has been recognised by the United Nations resolutions.”
The original quote was carried by various news websites in Pakistan including the state-run Radio Pakistan. The video of the press briefing was also available.
She was responding to a question from a Pakistani TV journalist, seeking a reaction to Jaitley’s comment.
Aslam also reacted sharply to Jaitley’s remarks that it should decide whether to talk to India or to separatist Kashmiri leaders, saying it does not accept “any conditionality” in the dialogue process.
“We do not accept any conditionality,” she said.
Asking Pakistan to make a “conscious” choice, Jaitley had on Wednesday said it should draw a red line whether it wants to talk to government of India or those who want to break India.
“We create the environment, we fix up a dialogue at the level of Foreign Secretaries, our Foreign Secretary is to visit Pakistan (and) literally a few hours before that they invite the separatists for a dialogue to their High Commission (in New Delhi).
“So I think a new red line has to be drawn in Pakistan to reconsider this question that who they want to speak to? Do they want to speak to the Government of India or they want to speak to those who want to break India,” he had said.

Nigerian naira follows rouble downwardNigerian naira follows rouble downward
Javier Blas
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/353d089a-65c2-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hester rules out more cuts to RSA costsHester holds firm on cuts to RSA cost base
Alistair Gray, Insurance Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47860410-65af-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jihadis on cruise ships to join extremists in Syria andIraqTop Interpol officials said that would-be jihadi fighters are booking tickets on cruise ships to join extremists.
By: Associated Press | Monaco | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:09 pm
Top Interpol officials said that would-be jihadi fighters are booking tickets on cruise ships to join extremists in battle zones in Syria and Iraq, hoping to bypass efforts to thwart them in Turkey.
Pierre St Hilaire, Interpol’s counterterror director, and outgoing Interpol chief Ronald Noble suggested the Turkish crackdown and increased monitoring of airports are forcing some would-be jihadis into alternative travel plans.
Noble said, “There are more and more reports that people are using cruise ships in order to get to launch pads, if you will sort of closer to the conflict zones of Syria and Iraq.”
The international police body is hoping to expand a pilot program that lets airlines bounce passenger information off its databases to include cruise lines, banks and hotels.

Navy vessel sinks off Visakhapatnam coast  1 dead  4missingPrint
At the time of the incident which occurred at 8 pm, there were 28 personnel on board.
By: Press Trust of India | Visakhapatnam/new Delhi | Posted: November 6, 2014 11:06 pm | Updated: November 7, 2014 7:21 am
A Torpedo Recovery Vessel of Indian Navy on Thursday sunk off the Visakhapatnam coast during a naval exercise killing one sailor while four others went missing.
Around 23 people have been rescued and a search and rescue operation was launched for the missing. At the time of the incident which occurred at 8 pm, there were 28 personnel on board.
“The vessel was on a routine mission to recover torpedoes fired by fleet ships during a routine exercise, when it experienced flooding in one of its compartments,” the Navy said.
“One sailor has lost his life during the rescue operation and four personnel are reported missing. 23 personnel have been rescued safely by the Search and Rescue (SAR) ships dispatched to the area,” Navy said in a statement issued in Delhi.
Navy officials said the flooding happened when the vessel was on its way back after collecting the “dummy” torpedo that
was used in the exercise.
“The incident happened within 10-15 kms off Vizag post,” a Navy spokesperson said in Visakhapatnam. The boat sunk because of “some flooding”, he said.
The Torpedo Recovery Vessel (TRV) is an auxiliary vessel which is used to recover practice torpedoes fired by fleet ships and submarines.
The ship, which is 23 meters long and 6.5 meters at the beam, was built by Goa Shipyard in 1983 and has served the Indian Navy for the last 31 years.
The accident is one of the many that the Navy has witnessed over the last year.
Navy chief Admiral R K Dhowan took over as the Chief of the Naval Staff on April 17 this year, after his predecessor D K Joshi quit following a series of accidents.
Admiral Joshi’s resignation came immediately after a fire on the INS Sindhuratna, which left two sailors dead.
On October 31, INS Kora suffered minor damage after it was scraped by a merchant vessel near Visakhapatnam.

Ashok Leyland Q2 Net at Rs 120.68 croreAshok Leyland Q2 Net at Rs 120.68 crore
Modi policies aimed at looting India s natural resources: KaratModi policies aimed at looting India s natural resources: Karat
The Fallout From the Midterm ElectionsEXPLORE.ORG: Frying Pan Deep Water Camera
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Buy & sell case for Qualcommbuy & sell case for qualcomm
The WSBI Postal Savings Banks Forum was inaugurated by Shri Ravi Shankar Prasad  Minister of Communications & IT and Law & Justice on 29th October  2014 at Hotel Ashok  New DelhiThe WSBI Postal Savings Banks Forum was inaugurated by Shri Ravi Shankar Prasad  Minister of Communications & IT and Law & Justice on 29th October  2014 at Hotel Ashok  New Delhi
Energy sector sees $250-bn business opportunity: GoyalEnergy sector sees $250-bn business opportunity: Goyal
