Power of NFL owners  puppet Roger Goodell is exposed as...11
Goodell's original two-game suspension of Rice for the February incident with his then-fiancee, far milder than penalties for drug use, reflected a pattern of worrying more about players and teams' stake in their well-being. His subsequent announcement of harsher punishments for domestic abuse cases, a move Goodell conceded in a note to owners was because he erred in the Rice case, still had enough wiggle room to render the tough talk moot.
What's more, the idea that the league, or anyone else, needed to see the clip of Rice's actual knockout punch that TMZ posted Monday to know what led to an unconscious woman, now his wife, being dragged from an elevator is an insult to common sense.
Monday night's TV ratings for ESPN's NFL double-header — the opening blowout down 21 percent from a year ago and the nightcap up marginally — offer no clear sign whether fans have reservations about supporting the league.
But the league and its sponsors have no reservations about supporting Goodell, who did not move to suspend Rice indefinitely until the latest tape led the Baltimore Ravens to cut him from the team, abruptly withdrawing its unabashed support of the one-time star.
"I know our commissioner has taken some heat," Kraft said Tuesday on "CBS This Morning." His remarks came during an appearance that had been scheduled ostensibly to celebrate the network's slate of Thursday night NFL games, a simulcast with the league's cable channel for which Goodell's office managed to squeeze $275 million plus production costs from the broadcaster.
"The way he's handled this situation himself, coming out with the mea culpa in his statement ... and setting a very clear policy how we conduct ourselves in the NFL, I thought was excellent. Anyone who's second-guessing that doesn't know him."
Or they don't know him the way the owners do.
This is the same Goodell who, testifying at a Capitol Hill hearing not so long ago, was so determined to avoid acknowledging a connection between football head injuries and debilitating brain diseases and dementia that many likened it to tobacco companies' efforts to dismiss a link between smoking and cancer. In time, the NFL would reach a settlement with former players. It was unavoidable, and arguably still not enough.
At some point, maybe even at long last now, the NFL will wake up to the paradox of courting female fans while not seeming sufficiently disturbed by incidents such as the Rice case, slow to respond and ineffectual when it does.
"I don't want to get in the role of law enforcement or things I don't understand," Kraft said about the lack of urgency with Rice. "The good news is, people did the right thing when the visual — when you see that visually, it's just such a turnoff — and I hope a great lesson to people everywhere (is) that this isn't going to be tolerated."
When the owners say it and mean it, you can count on Roger Goodell to do it.

Upgrading Indian rockets for future Mars missionsUpdated: October 6, 2014 03:05 IST
Upgrading Indian rockets for future Mars missions
N. GOPAL RAJ
AP Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO)'s Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV D5) with an indigenous cryogenic engine carrying GSAT-14 communication satellite lifts off from the Satish Dhawan Space Center in Sriharikota, Andhra Pradesh.
TOPICS
space programme
For future missions, ISRO will have to turn to the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV) and GSLV Mark III that can lift much heavier spacecraft than the PSLV.
After the stunning success of its very first shot at Mars, the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) will need to take those capabilities forward, despatching bigger, and more advanced spacecraft in the years to come. That, in turn, requires rockets that can carry such probes on the first leg of their journey and place them in orbit around Earth.
For its first attempt with the Mars Orbiter, ISRO turned to the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV), a rocket with an impeccable track record. Initially, it seemed that this launcher would not be powerful enough for the task and every aspect of the mission had to be carefully optimised in order to make that possible, according to V. Adimurthy, the space agency's senior adviser for interplanetary missions. He led a study team whose 2011 report laid out how India could send probes to the Red Planet.
For future missions, ISRO will have to turn to the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV) and GSLV Mark III that can lift much heavier spacecraft than the PSLV. The former, equipped with an indigenous cryogenic stage, had its first successful flight only in January this year. An experimental launch of the Mark III, with a non-functional cryogenic upper stage, is to take place shortly. (The rocket’s operational cryogenic engine and stage are still under development.)
ISRO needed to carry out a system study of how the GSLV and GSLV Mark III launchers could be used to carry probes for Mars, observed its chairman, K. Radhakrishnan “Certainly for the next mission we have to go for [a spacecraft with] higher mass.”
The space agency would not be in a position to send a spacecraft to that planet during the 2016 launch opportunity, he told this correspondent. The launch window that opened in 2018 would be the earliest that the next mission to Mars could go. It was also necessary to be clear what science such a mission could carry out, he added.
In order to utilise the GSLV and GSLV Mark III, the cryogenic engines on those rockets will need ‘multi-start’ capability so that they can be shut down after one burn, undergo a period of coasting and restart, noted Dr. Adimurthy. This was crucial for placing a spacecraft in the proper orbital orientation around Earth, a prerequisite for its eventual injection on a trajectory to Mars. A new liquid propulsion stage for carrying out the trans-Mars injection too was needed.
“Such improved systems will eventually pave the way for larger spacecraft to go into orbits closer to Mars, and have lander and rover operations on the planet’s surface,” he said.
Starting, shutting down and restarting a cryogenic engine in space is complicated, noted S. Ramakrishnan, who retired recently as director of the Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre, ISRO’s lead centre for launch vehicle development, and earlier headed the Liquid Propulsion Systems Centre that develops liquid propellant engines needed for the space programme.
Restart capability has not yet been demonstrated with the GSLV’s cryogenic engine. As for the cryogenic engine being developed for the Mark III, “once we do the initial engine-level tests, we can look at introducing the restart capability,” he remarked.
ISRO has designed and ground-tested a ‘Payload Assist Module’ using a liquid-propellant engine that powers the PSLV’s fourth stage. This module had originally been developed so that the GSLV could launch Russia's Global Navigation Satellite System (GLONASS) satellites, a proposal that ultimately did not materialise.
The module could go atop the GSLV or GSLV Mark III and enhance their capabilities to send probes to Mars, said Mr. Ramakrishnan.

Deal to move Spy Museum to Carnegie Building falls apartBy Jonathan O'Connell October 7 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
The Carnegie Library, built in 1903. (James A. Parcell/Washington Post)
After twice failing to win approval for plans to expand the Carnegie Library on Mount Vernon Square to fit their needs, Events DC and the International Spy Museum have shelved their proposal  to redevelop the building and move the museum there.
The two groups had spent months trying to forge a plan that would allow a major redevelopment and expansion of the Carnegie Building without sacrificing the historical nature of the building, which was completed in 1903 and served as the District’s central library until 1970.
But last week the D.C. Historical Preservation Review Board for the second time ruled against the redevelopment plans, with board members saying the proposal would have greatly diminish one of the city’s most famous examples of Beaux-Arts architecture.
Gregory A. O’Dell, president and chief executive  of Events DC, said in a statement jointly released by his organization and the museum that “given the constraints of time and our required program elements for the project, we can no longer continue to pursue concept approval for our proposed redevelopment plan.”
O’Dell and museum spokesman Jason Werden expressed disappointment at the stringency of the preservation review the proposal received. O’Dell said they had repeatedly tried to address concerns raised by the board but advocates fiercely opposed the proposal.
“As a result of our meetings with the review agencies and various community stakeholders, we developed multiple iterations that resulted in significant changes to our original design,” O’Dell said. “Ultimately, any further adjustments to the design would have compromised our essential program for this project or been too cost prohibitive to implement.”  
In an interview, Werden said if the plans had been changed further the museum couldn’t have succeeded in the Carnegie location. “It kind of reached the point of no return where any further implementation of the board’s recommendations actually would have harmed the project at hand,” he said.
The Spy Museum still needs to move, as its lease on F Street in Penn Quarter expires in mid-2017 and its landlord there, Douglas Development, is making other plans. Rents have risen dramatically in the neighborhood since the museum opened there 12 years ago.
Wedern said the museum is still planning to become a non-profit organization and that it has begun considering other locations. “It has not been decided. All options are open. Certainly we would like to stay in the District of Columbia,” Werden said.
Events DC will instead to continue to manage the Carnegie Library as a place for private events and offices for the Historical Society of Washington.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

BloomNation raises $5.5 million in Series A fundingApprehensive about ordering flowers online? Startup Internet flower marketplace BloomNation wants to snap you out of it. ( Cheryl V. Jackson )
David Daneshgar started the company in 2011 with friends Farbod Shoraka, the company’s CEO, and Gregg Weisstein, the COO. He was studying at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business at the time. BloomNation took third place in Booth’s New Venture Challenge in 2012.
Daneshgar said the company aims to use the funding to, among other things, work on its mobile capability, build out a better analytic platform for florists and to increase staffing, now at 17 full-time employees.
“It’s very cool to see the whole thing blossom in front of our eyes,” said Daneshgar, head of BloomNation’s sales, marketing and strategy.

Violence Against Women Affects All Women -- Even Youreddit
By now, you have heard the news of NFL star Ray Rice abusing his future wife in an elevator, knocking her unconscious before dragging her out into the hall.
As women business leaders we can't keep silent. We have to join the conversation because our voices and leadership are needed to bring some maturity to the conversation around violence against women.
Let's be clear, violence isn't excusable for any reason, and framing the situation by asking about the woman's role in it is merely a deflection. We all saw the Ray Rice video. This, followed by countless stories of violence against wives and children by players who continue to play in our national leagues. There has been no boycotting of games, no change in the popularity of players with criminal records who continue to be revered on the field and as sportscasters. How could we have seen less of an outcry against Ray Rice than Michael Vick, who abused dogs? Please understand, I too love dogs and was glad Vick got 23 months in jail for dogfighting. I also think it is disgusting that it has been forgotten to the point that he was offered a $5 million contract this year -- he should have been banned for life. That said, why was the outcry worse then, why were there people in the stadiums with signs deploring Vick's actions and signs supporting Ray Rice? Why do we hold the life of a woman in less regard then that of a dog? Would we react the same way if the woman was Caucasian? Let's be honest with ourselves and ask why the sight of an abused black woman is portrayed as less devastating, less deserving of a strong response.
We as women need to assert that this type of behavior is not tolerable. We need to vote with our economic power and let the NFL know that we too are season ticket holders; that we support our partners and spouses in going to games, buying stadium food and purchasing team gear; that they are losing us if this behavior continues. And we need to be true to our sisters, even when they don't stand up for themselves. We have to be the voice that says we demand dignity and refuse to support a sport that does not take women -- all women -- seriously.
Follow Marilyn Nagel on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@wtrmrk
More:

Drink Deep: The Link Between Education and Productivityreddit
In August 2013, the Economic Policy Institute--a think tank focused on economic issues--publicized one striking conclusion from its recent research: at the state level, the average worker's productivity increases as their education level increases. The EPI recommended that states support secondary education in every way possible, rather than just tempting large companies to invest in the state via tax incentives. The result of the latter practice, the Institute argued, has been a race for the bottom that's resulted in more but lower-paying, low-productivity jobs in the short term. Higher levels of education, on the other hand, result in higher productivity all around.
Other organizations and pundits have made similar arguments for years, and I find it interesting that they all seem to determine higher productivity by citing higher average wages, which isn't necessarily true on an individual level. Someone making $10 an hour can be far more productive than someone who makes $25 per hour. Perhaps you know a super-productive person who is lower on the totem pole but produces far greater results than an employee who is paid more. Granted, perhaps someone with a higher wage may feel more empowered and inspired to work harder; however, higher wages do not necessarily make workers more productive. The true measure of productivity is the amount of work done per unit of time. Higher average wages is more a measure of prosperity than productivity--another good thing, yes, but let's not confuse the two.
That said, I agree that more education can in fact boost productivity. If you train people to perform their jobs better--by using specialized equipment and hardware more effectively or becoming more efficient through greater organization and time management--their productivity will increase. When you can complete a form in five minutes instead of fifteen, then you've clearly increased your productivity. Similarly, if you're an ace on your spreadsheet software, you'll be able to crunch numbers in much less time than a newbie.
There's a misleading saying that goes, "A little knowledge is a dangerous thing." It's misleading because the full quote by Alexander Pope is, "A little learning is a dangerous thing; Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring," referring to a sacred spring in Greek mythology that would bring you knowledge. The fact is, the deeper you drink, the better; a little learning is good, but the more learning a person "drinks," in the widest possible context, the higher the return on investment.
So don't skimp on the training, workshops, online learning, mentoring, and college classes--especially when budgets are tight--for cutting corners on learning is truly counter-productive. The more informed people are about the personal and professional aspects of their jobs, the more productive they'll be. Help your team members learn how to do their jobs better, and your collective productivity will soar.
Image provided by Microsoft.
© 2014 Laura Stack. Laura Stack, MBA, is America's Premier Expert in Productivity™. For over 20 years, Laura has worked with business leaders to execute more efficiently, boost performance, and accelerate results in the workplace. Her company, The Productivity Pro, Inc., provides productivity workshops around the globe to help attendees achieve Maximum Results in Minimum Time®. Laura is the bestselling author of six books, with over 20 foreign editions, published by Random House, Wiley, and Berrett-Koehler, including her newest work, Execution IS the Strategy (March 2014). Widely regarded as one of the leading experts in the field of performance and workplace issues, Laura has been featured on the CBS Early Show, CNN, the Wall Street Journal, and the New York Times. Connect via her website , Facebook , or Twitter .
Follow Laura Stack on Twitter: www.twitter.com/laurastack
More:

Time to focus on Chinese derivatives© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5514b5dc-4e02-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spate of Layoffs Clouds PM Modi s  Make in India  PushFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
When Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched his ambitious "Make in India" campaign in September, there were hopes that a large number of jobs would be created over the next few months leading higher income levels and faster domestic growth. Rapid creation of jobs is important to ensure employment for over 10 million Indians, who join the workforce every year.
However, events over the last few days have dampened the sentiments in the jobs market. On Tuesday, Yahoo Inc confirmed that it was downsizing its Bangalore office, which employs roughly 2,000 employees and is Yahoo's largest engineering facility outside California. ( Read the story here )
The same day, global handset maker Nokia said it would suspend production at its troubled Chennai facility from November 1. The Chennai factory, which employed about 6,600 full-time workers in April, has been caught in a tax dispute with the government. ( Read )
Former Infosys chief financial officer and board member TV Mohandas Pai tweeted, "Nokia to Shut Down Chennai Factory From November 1. Where does make in India go? Sad."
Nokia to Shut Down Chennai Factory From November 1 Where does make in India go? Sad http://t.co/VDAMJ93J2T pic.twitter.com/7MYAUoKGkT
-Mohandas Pai (@MDPai05) October 7, 2014
There were other tweets too,
Narendra Modi's "Make in India" campaign off to a rousing start in Madras and Bangalore. pic.twitter.com/qDWuR53CjE
-churumuri (@churumuri) October 8, 2014
On Monday, global tech major Hewlett-Packard decided to eliminate another 5,000 jobs as part of its turnaround plan. HP, which is splitting into two listed companies, had earlier announced a restructuring plan that involved cutting the total employee count by 50,000. ( Read )
It is not known how many Indian employees will be axed as part of HP's global cost-cutting strategy, but shares in Mphasis, an Indian company in which HP has 60 per cent stake have seen a sharp selloff over the last few days.
Mphasis shares closed 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 404.60 today after earlier dropping by over 3 per cent. Over the last one month, Mphasis shares are down 10 per cent as compared to a 1 per cent fall in the IT sub-index on the BSE. ( Read )
According to unconfirmed reports, India's third largest outsourcer Wipro is planning to slim its workflow down by about a third through automation. Angel Broking says Wipro is looking at being around 1 lakh-strong workforce in three years from 1.46 lakh as on FY2014.
The development at Wipro confirms the broad trend across India's over $100 billion IT industry, which is moving towards greater automation and non-linear models (revenue growth delinked from hiring). Hiring in the IT sector is already under pressure because more and more companies are resorting to "just-in-time hiring" because of abundant labour and predictable demand. Wages (at entry level) have not risen for years. ( Read )
These developments have huge ramifications for India's services sector, which employs around 27 per cent of workforce.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Anil Ambani joins Narendra Modi s Swachh Bharat campaign  invites Shekhar Gupta  other celebsAnil Ambani joins Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat campaign, invites Shekhar Gupta, Sania Mirza and other celebs
PTI | Mumbai | Updated:  Oct 08 2014, 14:50  IST
Oct 08 2014, 14:50  IST
 

China food scandal hits Yum salesChina food scandal hits Yum Brand sales
By Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/04a188f8-4ec7-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Clicking the  Blood MoonOct 08, 2014 at  05:56pm IST
Clicking the 'Blood Moon'
35
1
It is your last chance to catch total Lunar eclipse this year, although in India stargazers will only be able to witness its last stage. The eclipse of the moon has begun and will end around 7 pm today, and there is still time to take out your cameras a capture the Earth's shadow as it gives a coppery hue to the moon.
I have, with my DSLR done some experiments in capturing the moon and here are a few pointers that I can suggest that will help you photograph the moon tonight or even other wise. Because, eclipse or not, the moon will remain as spectacular and the epitome of love and beauty every night.
How to photograph moon
It is your last chance to catch total Lunar eclipse this year, although in India stargazers will only be able to witness its last stage.
Now it is a bit tricky to click the best possible pictures of the moon. However, following these easy seven steps may make it easier for you to get that perfect shot...
1. Choose the right lens
Even when the moon looks pretty close from the naked eyes, it will look nothing more than a white dot in the picture clicked by a normal lens (say 18-55mm). First thing you need is a powerful zoom lens instead of this wide lens. The ideal would be 200+ telephoto lens. You can get a good detailed picture of the moon at 300 mm, but the longer the lens, the better.
2. Keep it stable
It is impossible to click a sharp picture of the moon, keeping the camera in hand. You definitely need a tripod to keep the camera steady. Find a suitable resting place for the tripod and fix your camera on it. Just in case you're not carrying your tripod with you, rest your camera on a rock, car, chair or any steady place to keep it stable. To make sure that there is no shakiness, you need to either use the remote trigger or use the camera timer.
3. Manual mode
It may be easier for you to get good pictures while keeping your camera on auto mode or other fixed modes. But, here you need to turn it to the full manual mode and set the shutter speed, aperture and ISO to the required values. Ideally you should use spot metering on your camera and also do manual focus.
4. The 'f' number
The first thing that may come to your mind would be to keep the f-number low to get more light. That is exactly what you shouldn't be doing. The moon itself is too bright and keeping the low f-number will make it look like a bulb. You should ideally keep the f-number between f11 to f14.
5. Shutter speed
Again you may want to use the slow shutter speed to get brighter picture. But once again, you should be doing opposite of that. The ideal shutter speed for clicking moon is between 1/125 to 1/250. It also depends on your ISO value.
6. Right ISO
The more you increase the ISO value, the more you loose the quality of the image. It is advisable to fix ISO value between 100 to 400.
7. Create more pictures
Be creative with your shots, experiment with different combinations of ISO, aperture and shutter speed. Try and get more shots with some interesting foregrounds and not just the moon. Make interesting compositions. Use creative effects in the pictures on your computer.
While the total eclipse will not be visible from India, it is a full moon night- So click away!
250

Funky robots display Japans latest technologiesUpdated: October 8, 2014 08:26 IST
Funky robots display Japan’s latest technologies
AP
AP A model plays ping-pong with a three-legged robot during the CEATEC Japan advanced technologies show in Chiba, near Tokyo, on Tuesday.
TOPICS
electronics
A smartphone application can make the dinosaur walk or jump.
A smartphone-controlled dinosaur and a ping pong-playing spider are some of the robot technology showcased at the CEATEC Japan electronics exhibition.
Exhibitors used such attention-grabbing gadgets to showcase their technology and stand out at the event that started Tuesday. Sadly for gadget lovers, the robots weren’t for sale.
TE Connectivity’s dinosaur robot, the TE Saurus, lets users experience a close encounter with a 2.1-meter-tall reptile without going back in time.
A smartphone application can make the dinosaur walk or jump. A shake of the smartphone prompts the TE Saurus to bark. TE Saurus also can play trivia games as users answer questions through the app.
Unrelenting playmate
Despite its intimidating spider-like resemblance, OMRON Corp.’s three-legged robot is a relaxed ping pong playmate. It watches its human opponent to predict the ball’s path. Still, the robot takes it easy on opponents by missing a few hits here and there. With five motors to control paddle movement, it is programmed to serve the ball in a way that makes it easy for the player to return.
“This ping pong robot is really a demonstration of how a robot can interact with a person and react in an appropriate manner,” says Takuya Tsuyuguchi, an Omron manager. “We envision this robot perhaps being used in a factory or production line and having a role in which it would have to interact with a worker to do or build something. This would involve the robot understanding the needs of its human counterpart and behaving appropriately.”
Murata Manufacturing presents a group of 10 robot cheerleaders, with colour-changing pom-poms, that use gyroscopic sensors to roll on spherical bases in unison.

Now  transfer money via FacebookNow, transfer money via Facebook
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Oct 08, 2014 08:49 PM IST
Digitsecure India Private Limited, a Hyderabad-based mobility and payment gateway services provider, on Wednesday launched HotRemit, an online and mobile social wallet platform that enables payments and money transfers between Facebook and BBM users, to start with.
This announcement comes at a time when social networking sites the worldover are abuzz with tweets and posts on Facebook’s proposed plans to launch a new money transfer service on its Facebook Messenger app.
“Digitsecure has been authorised by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for secure credit and debit card processing. The money transfer that happens between Facebook and BBM users can be instantly sent to any bank account in India. Digitsecure already works with 18 banks worldover. Plans are afoot to take this service globally, too,” Krishna Prasad, chairman of Digitsecure, told mediapersons here.
Using HotRemit, users can seamlessly send money to any of their contacts without bothering about the details associated with a traditional money transfer. The platform ensures security of transaction data both in rest and in transit, he added.
Digitsecure claims that HotRemit is the first application in the Asia-Pacific that enables real money transfer and payments as a Facebook application. Prasad said the company was in the processing of launching the service in other social networking sites as well “as they provide secured assessment and authentication.”
Stating that the transaction limit per user would be up to Rs 50,000 a month, he said the iOS (iPhone operating system) and Android versions of HotRemit were due for launch next month.
“HotRemit will be offered to small and medium businesses (SMBs) shortly, which will enable them to engage socially with their customers and to receive payments. Once this merchant enablement starts, revenue streams will open up for us,” Prasad said, adding HotRemit was expected to generate revenues of close to $2 million in the first year of launch.

Allstate raising car  home insurance ratesAllstate raising car, home insurance rates
Allstate headquarters
Insurance
Allstate raising rates for home, car insurance to keep up with rising costs
Allstate is raising car and home insurance rates in Illinois by an average of 3 percent and 8 percent, respectively, according to state filings.
The Northbrook-based insurer is the state’s second-biggest property and casualty carrier for consumers after State Farm.
The increases are bigger than others Allstate has instituted this year in other states.
The Illinois homeowners’ increase takes effect Oct. 27; the car hike takes effect Thursday.
0
Allstate spokeswoman Shaundra Turner Jones said the hikes will allow the company to keep up with rising costs. She said the increase equates to an average of about $3 more per month on an auto policy and $10 more on home insurance.
She encouraged policyholders to talk with their local agent about discounts for which they may be eligible to help offset these increases, including Allstate's Full Pay discount and Easy Pay discounts. Higher deductibles can also keep premium costs lower.
Allstate’s other insurance lines include Encompass and Esurance.
byerak@tribune.com

Prevent Nokia s Chennai plant shut down: CPI(M) to TN GovtPrevent Nokia s Chennai plant shut down: CPI(M) to TN Govt
What did Sonia Gandhi do for people during Congress rule  questions BJPE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sena-BJP divorce: In 2002  Bal Thackeray made BJP remove Modi postersGenesis of Sena-BJP divorce dates back to '02
Archis Mohan | New Delhi Oct 09, 2014 12:34 AM IST
Some in the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leadership have recently claimed the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance could have survived if Bal Thackeray, the Sena's unquestioned leader, was alive. There are others who disagree.
For, the genesis of BJP – Sena divorce dates back to over a decade when Thackeray made BJP leaders remove posters that proclaimed Narendra Modi, then chief minister of Gujarat, as the ‘Hindu Hriday Samrat’ or the ‘Emperor of Hindu hearts’.
The incident dates back to late 2002. Modi was visiting Mumbai, and enthusiastic BJP workers put up his posters across the city that so described him. Until then, only Thackeray was called that, by his supporters. According to people in the know, the Sena supremo was very upset and made BJP leaders remove all such posters. Modi and Thackeray’s relations were never the same. Modi had skipped Thackeray’s funeral in November 2012. Some months earlier, Thackeray had backed Sushma Swaraj as the National Democratic Alliance’s prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
The BJP is convinced there is a huge ‘Modi wave’ in Maharashtra, which would help it to get to the majority mark in the Assembly. A survey by website lensonnews.com has forecast 152 seats for BJP and its allies. The halfway mark is 144. The survey has predicted 44 seats for the Congress and 38 for the Sena. The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) would account for 16 seats, while the Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena would get 14 seats, the survey has claimed.
BJP spokesperson G V L Narasimha Rao, also a psephologist, has been part of the survey but claimed it wasn’t conducted or sponsored by his party. The survey predicts 28 to 30 per cent vote share for the BJP, followed by Congress (22 per cent), Shiv Sena (17 per cent) and NCP (15 per cent). The survey echoes the belief among BJP strategists that BJP would benefit from its divorce with the Sena, as two-thirds of their cumulative votes would now accrue to the party. Similarly, the Congress would get much of Congress-NCP cumulative votes.
The BJP's assessment is that the Sena’s attempts to raise the Marathi versus Gujarati issue has few takers, and it having likened BJP president Amit Shah to Shivaji’s enemy, Afzal Khan, and 18th century Afghan invader Ahmed Shah Abdali, have backfired. Meanwhile, the BJP has dropped its advocacy of a separate state of Vidarbha to be carved out of Maharashtra. Party sources said the issue would not find any mention in the BJP's manifesto, likely to be released in next couple of days.
On Wednesday, BJP leader Prakash Javadekar said the issue in this election was corrupt governance of Congress-NCP. “It (Vidarbha) isn’t the Andhra-Telangana kind of issue in Maharashtra,” Javadekar said, suggesting Vidarbha wasn’t an issue for the BJP in this election. Modi, in his public rallies, has kept up the rhetoric that none can divide Maharashtra or take away Mumbai from the state. The BJP is unlikely to change its strategy to not attack the Sena, despite trenchant criticism from its former ally. It is also confident that the late Gopinath Munde’s daughter, Pankaja, has managed to fill in to her father’s shoes, and the BJP would receive the support of Other Backward Classes (OBCs) in the election. Munde hailed from the Vanzara OBC community. Javadekar also claimed the BJP-Sena alliance would have remained intact only if Thackeray was alive. "Now that Balasaheb isn’t there, the alliance also came unstuck," he said.

Chinas Chengshan wins Cooper Tire factory battle© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/03c7a97a-4eb9-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Teens are officially over Facebook(Paul Walsh/ Flickr )
Since children are the future, and no one over 21 really knows what they find “cool” (do the kids even say cool these days…?), researchers have devoted many, many surveys to the exact quantification of what it is #teens do online.
In May 2013, they were fleeing Facebook’s “drama.” A year later, they flocked back to the network like lil’ lost sheep.
Now, a pretty dramatic new report out from Piper Jaffray — an investment bank with a sizable research arm — rules that the kids are over Facebook once and for all, having fled Mark Zuckerberg’s parent-flooded shores for the more forgiving embraces of Twitter and Instagram. Between fall 2014 and spring 2014, when Piper Jaffray last conducted this survey, Facebook use among teenagers aged 13 to 19 plummeted from 72 percent to 45 percent. In other words, less than half of the teenagers surveyed said “yes” when asked if they use Facebook. (A note: There’s no spring data available for the “no networks” option, which is why that spot is blank.)
Surveys of this type are, of course, a dime a dozen, and teen whims are as volatile as Twitter’s trending hashtags. That said, Piper Jaffray’s research is pretty thorough: It surveyed a national group of 7,200 students and accounted for variables like gender and household income.
Among the survey’s other findings: Kids love Apple products above any other consumer tech brand, though only a sliver — 16 percent — were interested in the iWatch. They overwhelmingly predicted that, by 2019, they’d watch all their movies on Netflix. They’re cooling on Pandora radio, which has seen a host of streaming apps and other competitors crop up in the past five years.
Alas, none of this helps explain why teens like the things they do, a question as old and impenetrable as time. Both research and anecdote would suggest, of course, that it has something to do with the presence of adults on the site, as well as the typically high-school plagues of oversharing and in-fighting. The recent rise of anonymous social apps — things like Whisper and Yik Yak , which is dominated by college students — would also seem to suggest a youthful wish to escape the confines and responsibilities of a fixed online identity . (Facebook certainly seems to worry that’s the case: On Tuesday  the New York Times reported  that the Web site was working on an anonymous, stand-alone messaging app of its own.)
That should perhaps worry parents, of both the helicopter and cool-Dad variety: You can’t really interact with — or “check up on” — your kids on Whisper the way you do on ye olde FB. (Whisper users don’t have friends and go on under pseudonymous usernames, which, arguably, is the app’s main draw.)
Facebook needn’t panic, though. Even if it’s namesake platform is now totally passe, the kids still love Instagram — so Zuck wins, either way.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

RBI to sell government securities worth Rs 10 000 crore via OMOs on MondayRBI to sell government securities worth Rs 10 000 crore via OMOs on Monday
Are Chinese regulators biased against foreign firms© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7082de52-4e3e-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks Drift  Held Back by Worries Over GrowthKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Re-election of Mulayam as SP Prez a drama: BJPRe-election of Mulayam as SP Prez a drama: BJP
Washington Post staffReporter — Washington, D.C.
Latest
It’s just the latest in a series of shortcomings Capitals Coach Barry Trotz is trying to correct.
Nov 24, 2014
The Capitals will decide on Green’s status Tuesday, but if he does not practice, he will not travel with the team to New York.
Nov 24, 2014
Both could be available for Wednesday’s road trip to the Metropolitan Division’s best team, the New York Islanders, plus more stasis for Dmitry Orlov.
Nov 24, 2014
A checkup down on the farm, where both top-pair defensemen have been identified as potential call-ups, should Mike Green’s injury require it.
Nov 24, 2014
According to one teammate, Niskanen might have called his shot during the second intermission.
Nov 23, 2014
“To consistently score,” Matt Niskanen said, “I think we need to have a consistent net presence.”
Nov 23, 2014
Coach Barry Trotz offered little information on the injury, except saying, “I don’t think it’s too serious.“
Nov 22, 2014
Washington’s newly discovered calm dissipates after suffering a dispiriting loss to the lowly Sabres despite outshooting Buffalo by 18 at Verizon Center.
Nov 22, 2014
Trotz cautioned the Capitals against overlooking Buffalo, so don’t sleep on this discussion thread either.
Nov 22, 2014
The Capitals have dropped three of five this month at Verizon Center, and are 4-3-3 there this season.
Nov 22, 2014
Load More
About
A Falls Church native, Alex Prewitt joined the Post in the fall of 2012, covering University of Maryland athletics. He is a 2012 graduate of Tufts University. Prior to joining the Post, he worked for the Boston Globe, the Minneapolis Star Tribune, ESPN.com and USA Today.
Most Read

Nope  Chinas economy hasnt yet surpassed AmericasChina's Transition
October 8, 2014
Back in April, the World Bank shocked the world when it revealed that, based on the real cost of living, China’s economy will surpass the US to close out 2014 as the world’s biggest. The alarm came from the fact that economists expect China to seize the crown only in 2019 or thereabouts.
Well, cue the hand-wringing: It’s official. The IMF just updated the cost-of-living adjustment basis that it uses to forecast 2014 GDP (itself created by the World Bank). The new calculation shows China’s economy will total $17.6 trillion, a hair more than the US’s $17.4 trillion, reports FT Alphaville  (registration required).
Share
Tap image to zoom
According to the Financial Times  (paywall), this information should “revolutionize the picture of the world’s economic landscape” and “intensify arguments about control over global international organizations such as the World Bank and IMF.”
But that’s getting a little ahead of ourselves—especially since China overestimates its GDP.
First let’s get into what the World Bank’s “purchasing power parity” (PPP) adjustments are designed to do. Say one person makes $50,000 a year in New York, and another the same amount—307,000 yuan—a year in Chengdu.
On the face of it, they earn the same. But because food, housing, and so on is much cheaper in Chengdu than in New York, the guy in China can buy the same amount of stuff that a New Yorker with a salary of, say, $80,000 could afford.
That’s why the World Bank’s “purchasing power parity” (PPP) adjustments taking local prices into account—to even out that discrepancy, and up the Chengdu resident’s salary for international comparison purposes to $80,000. On an enormous scale, that’s basically just what happened in the IMF’s calculation: It tells us that China’s GDP will buy its people more shoes or cabbages or whatever than America’s GDP will buy Americans.
But there’s one huge flaw in that logic. The problem isn’t in the adjustment itself, but rather the base data—i.e. how differently China and and the US calculate GDP , says Michael Pettis, a finance professor at Peking University.
Say a business borrows $100 and invests it in a new factory. The factory, however, only creates $80 in value, leaving the company short $20. In the US, either the business sells an asset to pay back the loan or shifts profits from another division, or it defaults, leaving the bank to write down the $20.
But Pettis suspects that since the number and value of defaults in China are far less than those in the US, China isn’t recognizing this bad debt in the same way.
This isn’t necessarily some Communist Party subterfuge. It happens because “Chinese lenders, banks as well as households, treat a substantial portion of the debt as if it were implicitly or explicitly guaranteed by central or local government agencies,” writes Pettis.
So instead of writing down the loss or making the business cough up that $20, a Chinese bank will defer the debt payment—called “rolling over” the loan—to the Chinese company (or in the case of non-state-owned firms, the company might take out another loan via shadow channels , which aren’t recorded on bank balance sheets). That means that not only does the $20 loss never show up in China’s GDP calculations; but the $80 that the factory created does get counted. And presto—$100 of GDP points that really aren’t there.
Share this:

Letters: In the line of fireLetters: In the line of fire
ONGC to give gas from Gamij field to Adani  Astron under gas-saleONGC to give gas from Gamij field to Adani, Astron under gas-sale
Vinay Umarji | Ahmedabad Oct 08, 2014 08:59 PM IST
After several postponement of tenders for gas sale, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) has finally allocated gas from its marginal field at Gamij near Kheda to players like Adani Gas Ltd (AGL), Astron Zircon Pvt. Ltd. and Akash Ceramics Pvt. Ltd.
While Adani Gas will utilise the gas to meet the demand from its industrial users, other companies mainly engaged in the production of sodium silicates, tiles, and ceramics will be able to directly procure gas as part of ONGC's effort to directly sell gas from its marginal fields.
As per the provisions in the MoPNG-GoI guidelines, the allocation of 21000 scmd natural gas on fall-back basis has been made through open tendering, official sources at ONGC stated. The gas sale agreement has been made for five years.
Currently, there are three production installations at Gamij viz., GGS#1, GGS#2 & GGS#3 handling around 320 tpd crude oil and around 10544 scmd gas based on 2014-15 first half average. During the year 2013-14, the average gas production from Gamij was around 6789 scmd.
It needs to be mentioned here that due to delays in tendering of gas sale for the marginal field at Gamij, certain quantity of gas was being flared to meet technical requirements which was "unavoidable".
As per official sources at ONGC, while Adani Gas has been allocated 10000 scmd of gas from ex-Gamij GGS3, Akash Ceramics will be getting 2000 scmd from ex-Gamij GGS2 whereas Astron Zircon has been allocated 4000 scmd and 5000 scmd of gas from ex-Gamij GGS2 and ex-Gamij GGS3, respectively.
"Gas supply has already commenced to Astron Zircon from Gamij GGS2 and Gamij GGS3. from September 4 and September 15, 2014, respectively. Akash Ceramics is expected to draw/commence gas supply from September 25, 2014 and Adani Gas from November 3, 2014, respectively," said sources at ONGC.
The rate of gas under the allocation has been fixed between $10.10 AND $11.10 per mmbtu. According to sources at Adani Gas, the company has been allocated gas from Gamij GGS3 at $11.10 per mmbtu. For the next five years, the said allocation will generate an additional gas-sales revenue of Rs 23.94 crore per annum for ONGC.
"The 10000 scmd will convert into roughly 7000 kg per day of CNG which will be negligible as compared to the company's total current capacity of 300,000 kg per day. However, Adani Gas will be using the gas from the marginal field at Gamij for supply to industry," said sources at Adani Gas.
The company is currently in the process of installing its pipeline even as work is on for an Adani CNG station.
Meanwhile, in addition to the sales-gas allocations to Adani, Astron and Akash Ceramics, gas is also being supplied to Mahipal from Gamij GGS#1.

Growth fears keep risk appetite subduedDovish Fed minutes bolster stocks
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7de901e6-4e9a-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cooper takes $29m hit from China strikesCooper Tire takes $29m hit from China industrial action
By Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3b864d6e-a1dd-11e3-87f6-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apollo Tyres turns its back on ChinaApollo Tyres turns its back on China
By Henry Foy, Motor Industry Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b29a93f6-8e73-11e3-98c6-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Travel groups resigned to Ebola impactTravel groups resigned to Ebola impact on investor confidence
By Roger Blitz and Peggy Hollinger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/39bcb450-4f02-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bulls  Joakim Noah pays almost $3 million for city padBulls' Joakim Noah pays almost $3 million for city pad
Chicago Bulls Joakim Noah
Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune
Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah reacts late in the fourth quarter of game 5 of the first round of the NBA Playoffs at the United Center in Chicago.
Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah reacts late in the fourth quarter of game 5 of the first round of the NBA Playoffs at the United Center in Chicago. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune)
By Bob Goldsborough, Special to the Tribune
Pro Basketball Chicago Bulls Joakim Noah NBA
With Bulls now practicing next to United Center, Joakim Noah buys city home.
Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah has ditched his longtime home in the northern suburbs and decamped to the city, where he recently paid almost  $3 million for a 7,000-square-foot place that puts him closer to the Bulls’ new practice facility next door to the United Center on the Near West Side.

Today s picks- 8 October 2014Today's picks- 8 October 2014
Devangshu Datta |  Oct 08, 2014 10:35 PM IST
NIFTY
Current: 7,843 (fut: 7,897),
Target: NA
Stop-loss long positions at 7,825. Stop shorts at 7,965. Big moves could go till 7,775 or 8,025. A long 7,800p (67) and short 7,700p (39) costs 28 and could gain 10-15 if 7,800 is hit.
BANK NIFTY
Current: 15,356 (fut: 15,455)
Target: 15,200 (fut: 15,250)
Keep a stop at 15,550 and short. Add to the position between 15,300 and 15,325. Book profits at 15,250
INFOSYS
Current price: Rs 3,650
Target price: Rs 3,710
Keep a stop at Rs 3,620 and go long. Add to the position between Rs 3,685 and Rs 3,700. Book profits at Rs 3,710.
DLF
Current price: Rs 149
Target price: Rs 142
Keep a stop at Rs 151 and short. Add to the position between Rs 144 and Rs 146. Book profits at Rs 142.
TATA STEEL
Current price: Rs 456
Target price: Rs 445
Keep a stop at Rs 461 and go short. Add to the position between Rs 449 and Rs 452. Book profits at Rs 445.
Target prices, projected movements in terms of next session, unless otherwise stated

Fund-raising through QIP route surges to Rs 26 000 cr in 2014Fund-raising through QIP route surges to Rs 26,000 cr in 2014
Press Trust Of India | New Delhi Oct 08, 2014 10:34 PM IST
Fund raising through the qualified institutional placement (QIP) seems to be gaining traction among Indian firms, with total mopped-up via this route crossing the Rs 26,000 crore mark this year.
Indian companies have raised a total of Rs 26,354 crore in the first eight months of the year, more than double the amount garnered in the entire 2013, shows data compiled by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
During January-August, funds were garnered through as many as 21 QIP issuance.
According to sector estimates, the total funds raised this year could cross Rs 30,000 crore.
Market experts said the return of investor confidence in the equity markets has encouraged some of the large firms to mop funds through QIP route.
Interestingly, most of the funds were raked in through QIP issuances after the election verdict was announced in May, showcasing revival of investor sentiment, backed by a strong secondary market, experts say.
Among the firms which garnered funds via QIP were State Bank of India, YES Bank, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications.
The fund raising was in line with the BSE's benchmark Sensex gaining around 24 per cent so far this year.

Scooters gain momentum as  family vehicleScooters gain momentum as 'family vehicle'
Sohini Das | Ahmedabad Oct 08, 2014 08:58 PM IST
With the scooter being increasingly getting positioned as the 'family vehicle', two wheeler buyers are increasingly opting for scooters in place of motorbikes. Industry insiders say that while bikes have been growing at around 9-10 per cent compounded growth rate, scooters have been clocking an over 20 per cent growth in the last few years.
In key two-wheeler pockets like Ahmedabad, scooters account for nearly 50-53 per cent of overall two-wheeler sales in the city. If one considers the April to August period this year, data from the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) shows that while the scooters and scooterettes segment has grown by 30.72 per cent motorcycles have grown by 10 per cent.
Motorcycles have a much larger base though. Say for example, in comparison to 4.5 million motorbikes sold during April to August this fiscal, scooters are only 1.7 million units, or in other words, the bike market size is nearly three times of that of scooters. However, this does not lighten the fact that there is a growing trend for two-wheeler buyers opting for scooters. For that matter, as companies point out, scooters, primarily considered an urban vehicles, have started making inroads into the non-urban areas as well.
As Y S Guleria, vice president, sales and marketing of Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI) explained, "We are gradually witnessing a higher penetration of scooters in the rural or non-urban areas. This is happening with reference to more women empowerment in these areas who are opting for independent mobility." As a result, HMSI, the market leader in two wheelers is now focussing on increasing its footprint in non-urban areas as well. The tables are definitely turning. "Earlier, the ratio of motorcycles is to scooters used to be around 9:1 (in favour of bikes) in these areas, which has now changed to 8:2, showing a clear shift towards scooters," he added.
One of the major reasons behind this shift is that scooters are increasingly being seen as a family vehicle. Dharmendra Mishra, vice president, sales and customer care, Mahindra Two Wheelers Ltd, said that "Scooters are used by several members of the family. Women do not feel comfortable riding bikes, but a scooter is used by both male and female members of the family, and it is increasingly getting seen as a family vehicle." Keeping this in mind, Mahindra has added a new feature of adjustable seats to its recently launched scooter, the Gusto, such that it suits the requirement of a taller or a shorter member of a family.
Add to this, the manufacturers' focus on styling and increasing mileage. "There has been a sea change in terms of styling of scooters, as well as technology to offer better fuel efficiency. Moreover, a scooter has more storage capacity compared to a bike, and is more convenient as a family vehicle," Guleria said.
In key markets like Gujarat, nearly 40 per cent of all two-wheelers sold are scooters, and the percentage is even higher in cities like Ahmedabad (50-53 per cent), informed Sukhbir Bagga, director, Group Planet Petal which operates 32 dealerships across the state covering six brands including even two-wheeler brands like Yamaha. Industry players feel that there is a direct corelation between popularity of scooters and the level of development of a city.
"In places like Chandigarh, where one would find lots of educational institutes, demand for scooters is high. Same with developed states like Gujarat. In states like Goa and Kerala, where literacy levels are high, demand is high too. More number of working women into the population, or lets say students, who seek independent mobility, the demand for scooters rise," Guleria explained.
As such 35-40 per cent of scooter users are women.

Santelli: Dollar firms upsantelli: dollar firms up
SCR freight earnings up 16% during Apr-SeptSCR freight earnings up 16% during Apr-Sept
Beware pitfalls that can dog megamergersBeware pitfalls that can dog megamergers
By Richard Waters in San Francisco
Convergence that is reshaping communications
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28d6f7c8-e1ce-11e3-b7c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AT&T looks to justify its $48.5bn DirecTV betLast updated: May 19, 2014 7:36 pm
AT&T looks to justify its $48.5bn DirecTV bet
By Paul Taylor and Ed Hammond in New York and Dan Thomas in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/066abb88-df68-11e3-a4cf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Poland cuts interest rate to record lowPoland cuts rates as Germany and Russia fears weigh on economy
By Henry Foy in Warsaw
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/deac6a3a-4eeb-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

2016 Fiat 500X cuts into subcompact crossover class2016 Fiat 500X cuts into subcompact crossover class
Caption 2016 Fiat 500X
Fiat Mini Jeep
Fiat bulks up lineup with the 500X, a subcompact crossover a bit larger than the Mini Countryman.
2016 Fiat 500X is a subcompact crossover as is the Jeep Renegade, Chevy Trax, Mini Countryman, Nissan Juke.
Competes with: Mini Countryman, Chevrolet Trax, Nissan Juke
Looks like: A perky hatchback
Drivetrains: To be determined
The sound turns heads but the design causes people to stare. ( Robert Duffer )
Fiat fans have known since at least earlier this year that the Italian brand would build a small SUV. Well, the wait is over. Witness the 2016 500X, an all-new model that's based on the soon-to-go-on-sale-itself Renegade from Jeep , one of umpteen mashups to be expected in Fiat Chrysler Automobiles' future. The 500X debuted at this week's 2014 Paris Motor Show, and a full reveal for the U.S. version will come at the 2014 Los Angeles Auto Show next month.
8
Roughly the size of the forthcoming Chevrolet Trax  — and a bit larger than the Mini Countryman and Nissan Juke, two other micro-SUV competitors — the 500X is technically the longest current Fiat model in the U.S., eclipsing the 500L by about an inch. The 500X will come in both metro- and adventure/leisure flavors. Fiat says it will sell the car in "more than 100 countries," including the U.S. in the first half of 2015.
Exterior
Of Fiat's current "lineup," which includes only the 500 and 500L, the 500X is the most ordinary-looking car yet. Swap in a Mini logo and many onlookers would mistake this for the latest Cooper offshoot. A collection of large, perky lights dimples the 500X's face, with two wide grille openings below the Fiat's red logo. The profile mixes a tallish body with steeply raked front and rear windows, and the taillights merge styling from both the 500 and 500L.
Lower cladding outlines the fenders, bumpers and side sills, and eight different wheel designs span 16, 17 or 18 inches.
0
Interior
Fiat's lacquered paneling, featured heavily in the 500, spans the 500X's dashboard, but corporate cues show up in the three-spoke steering wheel, which shares controls with a number of Jeep models, as well as the dual-zone climate controls, which the Renegade and 500L employ.
Between the fabric and leather options, Fiat says there are seven material configurations. The three-portal gauges place a large color screen in the center port, while a center touch-screen can measure 5 or 6.5 inches depending on the configuration. Both center screens can accommodate an optional navigation system. FCA's new Uconnect Live system can stream smartphone apps like Facebook and Twitter, as well as various cloud-based music and Internet radio stations. Beats premium audio is available.
Under the Hood
Drivetrains for the car shown in Paris span a wide range. Six gasoline and two diesel engines work through one manual and two automatic transmissions: one a six-speed dual-clutch auto and the other a nine-speed torque-converter unit. Output ranges from 95 hp with the diesel to 184 hp with the largest gasoline engine — the company's familiar 2.4-liter Tigershark four-cylinder, which is found in the Chrysler 200, Dodge Dart, Jeep Cherokee and Renegade. It's likely the Tigershark will make it stateside, but it remains to be seen which others accompany it.
Unlike the 500L Trekking, which dressed a front-drive hatchback with poseur off-road cladding, the 500X comes in front- or all-wheel drive. Like in the Renegade, the all-wheel-drive system employs an automatically disconnecting rear axle. Drivers can switch the drivetrain to various modes that suit sportier driver or poor weather; Fiat says the latter mode primes the all-wheel-drive system to send power sooner to the rear axle.
Safety
Six airbags plus the required antilock brakes and electronic stability system are standard. Lane departure and blind spot warning systems are optional.
 

My Conversation With Chimamanda Ngozi Adichiereddit
Tonight on PBS I'm joined by acclaimed Nigerian-born novelist Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, whose novels -- including Americanah, for which she won the National Book Critics Circle Award, and Half of a Yellow Sun -- deal with the intersection of race and identity. Half of a Yellow Sun is now a motion picture starring Chiwetel Ejiofor and Thandie Newton and can currently be seen on various Starz channels.
In this clip Chimamanda talks about a concept she calls "willful forgetting," which allows us to ignore issues with which we are uncomfortable.
For more of our conversation, be sure to tune in to Tavis Smiley on PBS. Check our website for your local TV listings: www.pbs.org/tavis .
Follow Tavis Smiley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/tavissmiley
More:

Average fuel economy drops with lower gas prices  SUV popularityAverage fuel economy drops with lower gas prices, SUV popularity
Fuel economy
As gas prices drop, consumers tend to buy less fuel-efficient vehicles.
As gas prices drop, consumers tend to buy less fuel-efficient vehicles. (Cars.com)
Average fuel economy of all new cars sold drops as gas prices drop and SUV popularity grows.
Average fuel economy of all new cars sold suffers biggest drop since 2011.
While the automotive industry experiences robust sales growth, the measure for overall fuel economy went the other direction in the most significant decrease in three years.
The average fuel economy of light duty vehicles sold in September dropped to 25.3 miles per gallon from a record high of 25.8 mpg in August.
54.5 miles per gallon. That is the target fuel efficiency for all light-duty vehicles by model year 2025. Yet if you’ve gone car shopping lately, you’ve noticed that the combined mpg is nowhere near that target. The average fuel economy of all new cars sold was 25.6 mpg as of July... ( Robert Duffer )
“This large drop likely reflects the increased sales of light trucks and SUVs,” wrote Dr. Michael Sivak, who along with Brandon Schoettle of the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute have tracked average fuel economy for all vehicles sold since October 2007.
In May, SUVs and crossovers overtook midsize sedans as the most popular segment for the first time in the U.S., according to IHS Automotive.  Despite improvements in fuel economy from the SUV's gas-guzzling heyday in the 90s, the larger vehicles are not as fuel efficient as midsize sedans.
cComments
This isn't surprising news. But then again, when I needed to replace a 12 year old car last year, I opted for great mileage if I had to make a car payment for four years. I'm not fooled by "low" gasoline prices that are in effect for several weeks or a couple of months....
king-ghidorah

Pakistani troops continue to violate ceasefire in Jammu and Kashmirpicture  others
Pakistani troops continue to violate ceasefire in Jammu and Kashmir
A boy sits on the wall of his house with shell marks fired from the Pakistan side of the border at Flora village, in Ranbir Singh Pura, 35 kilometers (22 miles) from Jammu.
Pakistani troops continued to fire bullets and mortar shells near border areas in Jammu and Kashmir. (Source: AP)
A villager walks near damaged shops hit by mortar attack by Pakistani troops. (Source: AP)
A villager shows the bullet marks on a shutter of a shop. (Source: PTI)
A village woman shows the tail of a mortar shell fired from the Pakistan side at Arnia sector. (Source: PTI)
A villager shows the damaged wall of his house after firing from the Pakistani side at Arnia sector. (Source: PTI)
Women and children residing near the border leave their homes on a tractor as they move to safer areas. (Source: PTI)
An injured child being treated at the Government Medical College Hospital after firing. (Source: PTI)
Injured people being treated at the Government Medical College Hospital. (Source: PTI)
Congress leader Gulam Nabi Azad meets the injured people at the Government Medical College Hospital in Jammu after the indiscriminate firing. (Source: PTI)
Related

Jayalalithaa to move SCtomorrowfor bailNew Delhi, October 7, 2014
Updated: October 7, 2014 19:01 IST
Jayalalithaa to move SC tomorrow for bail
J. Venkatesan
The Hindu AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa
TOPICS
laws
Sources said besides senior counsel Ram Jethmalani, another leading criminal lawyer Sushil Kumar is also being approached to argue the case for bail.
Former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister and AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa and three others, Ms. Sasikala, Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi are likely to move the Supreme Court on Wednesday challenging the Karnataka High Court order refusing bail to them.
The High Court not only refused to grant of bail but also declined to stay the sentence of four-year imprisonment and Rs. 100 cr penalty imposed on her in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case.
Dismissing the bail petitions, the court said “In view of clear observation of the apex court that corruption is a violation of human rights this is not a fit case for suspension and bail.”
Counsel for Ms. Jayalalithaa, who did not want to be quoted, told The Hindu “we are waiting for the certified copy of the High Court order to prepare the grounds for appeal. We are ready to file the appeal in the apex court tomorrow.” Sources said besides senior counsel Ram Jethmalani, another leading criminal lawyer Sushil Kumar is also being approached to argue the case for bail.

China Services Sector Growth Weakens Slightly in September: HSBC PMIRegulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Beijing: Growth in China's services sector weakened slightly in September as new business cooled, a private survey showed on Wednesday, reinforcing signs of a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy that could prompt more stimulus measures.
The services purchasing managers' index (PMI) compiled by HSBC/Markit pulled back to 53.5 in September from a 17-month high of 54.1 in August.
A reading above 50 in PMI surveys indicates an expansion in activity while one below that threshold points to a contraction.
A sub-index measuring new business fell to 53.2 in September from a 19-month high of 53.9 in August, but sub-indexes measuring employment and outstanding business both inched up, painting a mixed picture.
"Overall, the services sector held up in September, despite the downward pressure seen in the manufacturing sector. We think risks to growth in the near term are still on the downside, and warrant accommodative monetary as well as fiscal policies," said Qu Hongbin, chief China economist at HSBC.
An official survey released last week showed that the services sector grew at its slowest pace in eight months in September after new orders shrank for the first time since the 2008 global financial crisis, exposing more weakness in the world's second-largest economy.
The services sector made up 46.1 per cent of gross domestic product in 2013, surpassing the secondary sector - manufacturing and construction - for the first time, as the government aims to create more jobs and boost domestic consumption.
Downside risks
Last week, a pair of surveys showed China's manufacturing sector held up in September but remained subdued in a sign that the economy is still struggling to recover its growth momentum -despite recent policy support.
Steps unveiled since April included reserve requirement cuts for selected banks and faster investment in railways and public housing. But much of their broader impact may have been offset by a cooling property market and tighter credit as banks grow more cautious about lending as the economy cools.
In a bid to avert a deeper slide in the housing market, China's central bank and banking regulator relaxed lending rules for second-home buyers on September 30 by giving them a 30 per cent discount on mortgage rates and cutting their down payment levels to 30 per cent from 60-70 per cent.
"We think the easing lending condition is more impactful compared with unwinding of previous housing purchase restrictions. As such, we expect the systemic risk arising from property sector to be contained," OCBC said in a research note on Wednesday.
Other economists are not so sure. A glut of unsold and unoccupied homes and buyers' expectations of further price declines could temper any rebound.
The central bank said on Sunday it will use various monetary tools to maintain adequate liquidity and reasonable growth in credit and social financing.
Analysts expect more policy measures will be needed to help achieve the government's growth target of around 7.5 per cent this year, although any dramatic stimulus looks unlikely as reform-minded top leaders have shown greater tolerance for slower growth.
The government is due to release September data on trade, bank lending, investment and factory output in the coming week or so, leading up to third-quarter GDP on October 21
"The upcoming September data release will likely show a tentative improvement in real economic activity, but unlikely be
strong enough to prevent full third-quarter growth from falling to 7.1 per cent year on year, adding pressure on the government to further intensify policy support," Tao Wang, China economist at USB, said in a note.
The economy expanded by 7.5 per cent in the second quarter on-year.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

What the Overworked and Underemployed Have in Commonreddit
One morning last week I joined a small gathering in a conference room at New York City's Baruch College to listen to a line-up of speakers and panelists talk on the subject of "Families and Flexibility." The event was sponsored by Scott Stringer, our NYC Comptroller, who has been promoting city-wide "right to request" legislation. In case you've missed them, right to request laws , currently on the books in many countries around the world and very slowly gaining traction here in the U.S., provide employees with the simple right to request a flexible schedule. Details--including who can ask and for what reasons, and how much leeway employers have in responding-- vary, but laws are already in place in San Francisco and Vermont, and legislation is pending in many other places--including the U.S. Congress.
Hence this event, which gave Comptroller Stringer an opportunity to strut his stuff; featured a closing keynote by Anne-Marie Slaughter, President and CEO of the New America Foundation ; and allowed a number of smart policy-makers, advocates, researchers, corporate work-life champions and workers to weigh in with their stories and data. But perhaps the most noticeable aspect of the morning was what I'll call the Great Divide between the two panels that made up the bulk of the agenda.
The first panel featured political scientist Janet Gornick ; A Better Balance co-president Dina Bakst; Families and Work Institute's Kelly Sakai-O'Neill, and work-life/flex champions from two accounting firms: Marcee Harris Schwartz of BDO and Barbara Wankoff of KPMG . Moderated by New York Times reporter Rachel Swarns, the panelists conducted an interesting, data-driven discussion about why flexibility matters and the very real problems many professional men and women face achieving any kind of work-life "balance." The ideas and concerns they raised were the important stuff that is often stressed in our national work-life conversation: The business benefits of a more flexible workplace. The negative impact of overwork on both families and society at large. The dark-ages state of parental leave laws in this country, especially in comparison with pretty much every other country in the developed world.
We listened to and discussed these topics for a full hour, grabbed some more coffee, and moved on to the second panel. I wished I'd worn my sneakers: it was a dizzying leap across a conceptual chasm.
The second panel featured A Better Balance's other co-president, Sheery Leiwant, as well as sociologist Ruth Milkman and Carrie Gleason, Director of the Center for Popular Democracy's Fair Workweek Initiative . It also featured a woman named Deena Adams, a single parent who, shortly after receiving a service award for loyalty, lost her job because she couldn't find child care to accommodate a sudden requirement that she start taking on overnight shifts. (A fifth panelist, Carrie Nathan, is a union activist and hourly employee at Macy's, which apparently has an exceptionally supportive system for shift scheduling.)
At this panel, moderated by Times labor reporter, Steven Greenhouse, we heard about the other end of the spectrum. We heard about things not usually talked about in the context of work-life and not talked about enough in any context. In contrast to the (very real) problems of professional workers--so many of whom feel overworked and short on time--we now focused on the growing legions of workers who aspire, most of all, to have a full-time job. The exploitation of the underemployed has become something of a science in recent years, as technology provides elaborate algorithms that can tell employers on a day-to-day--sometimes hour-to-hour--basis exactly how many employees they need on site and how many they can just tell to stay home .  Many employers use this hyper-efficiency to move workers about like pieces on a chessboard, expecting them to be on call for the next move, whenever it may come.
Please understand what this means: employees must be ready, sometimes forty hours a week, sometimes 24/7, to drop everything and show up for their minimum wage job. They have to have child care available; they can make no permanent social or vacation plans; they cannot take a class. Generally, all this readiness leads to far less than full-time work and yet by definition also makes it impossible to take a second job. One man quoted in an article by Greenhouse talked about being told in a job interview that he'd have to be on call full-time but would be able to work no more than 29 hours/week. When he objected, the interview was over. Another described asking his employer to schedule his "wildly fluctuating" 25 hours/week at the same time each day so could find a second job--and promptly had his weekly hours cut to 12. A woman commuted an hour to her scheduled shift only to be told to go home (with no pay)--she wasn't needed today.
The overworked, the underworked. The Great Divide. It's odd to wrap the phrase "work-life" around the situations of these two groups of people, yet it does apply to both. Each ultimately comes down to a lack of control over one's own time. Each apparently stems from employers' mistaken belief that providing a modicum of flexibility and predictability is bad for business (as if stressed-out employees and high turnover were good for the bottom line). Each affects more than just the people involved--it affects our families, our friends and our communities.
The good news is that some of the "right to request" existing and pending legislation around the country focuses not just on flexibility but also on predictability . The tools are at hand to make changes that affect men and women on both sides of the chasm. Did I mention that it's National Work and Family Month ? Come on, people, let's get going.
Robin Hardman is a writer and work-life expert who works with companies to put together the best possible "great place to work" competition entries and creates compelling, easy-to-read benefits, HR, diversity and general-topic employee communications. Find her and follow her blog at www.robinhardman.com .
Follow Robin Hardman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RobinHardmanCom
More:

How to Write a Thank You Email After an Interviewreddit
credit: Istockphoto
Saying "thank you" is sadly becoming a lost art. The days of handwritten cards or notes of appreciation sent after receiving a gift are dwindling. What about a thank you note after a job interview? This is often overlooked or entirely forgotten. However, a thank you email following an interview could be just the thing to cause an employer to take a closer and more serious look at you as a hiring candidate.
While many remark these days about the job market being "tough," the truth is that most employers are in desperate need of qualified candidates that are skilled and willing to work hard. If you are such a candidate, then how do you make yourself stand out from the rest? I have an easy answer for you: by sending a thank you email after your interview.
You might be surprised how few people actually do this. They are either a) so confident in how the interview went that they don't see it as necessary, b) so busy preparing for the interview that they forget to prepare anything to send afterward, or c) simply don't think it's important.
Here's a wake-up call for you: It is that important! A follow-up thank you could literally mean the difference in you getting a job offer or not. Imagine for a moment that you are on the other side: You are a hiring manager who has just conducted a round of interviews. You have narrowed it down to your final two candidates. You enjoyed your meetings with each of them, and on paper, their qualifications are both a match for what you are looking for. You are feeling stuck on which one to go with.
Then, you receive an email from one of the candidates thanking you for your time in the interview, and restating their interest in the position and why they believe they are the best fit. At this point, like most hiring managers, receiving an email like this will seal the deal for you. It gives the one candidate just enough of an edge to help you finalize your decision and feel confident about your choice.
You can be that one candidate -- the last one standing, with a job offer in hand. And that's just one example of the benefit of sending a thank you. It is also a benefit when an employer isn't sure about you. They might be hesitant after interviewing you for one reason or another. Or, they simply could be very busy or not in a rush to move forward in filling the position. Receiving a thank you email from you could be just the thing to get them off the fence.
Here's how to craft the perfect letter:
As you are preparing for your interview, identify the key points that make you the best candidate for the position. What do you bring to the table, and why should they hire you? Preparing these key points is important because not only will you talk about them in your interview, but you will include them in your thank you email.
Write your first draft before the interview. Have it ready to go so that you don't have to spend time after the interview thinking of what to write.
Before leaving the interview, ask the hiring manager for their business card, so that you will have their email address and direct contact information.
Within no more than 24 hours of the interview, write your final draft and send the email.
Every thank you email should include the following:
An opening that says "thank you" and expresses gratitude for the hiring manager's time. This shows that you appreciate and value their time and insight, as well as respect their authority.
A few remarks stating your interest and enthusiasm for the position. Once the interview is over, you should know even more about the position and be able to sincerely express your excitement about the opportunity.
A few reasons or key points why -- based on the interview discussion -- you are the best fit. This is so important. Don't just write something generic. Instead, tailor your points to the conversation you had with the hiring manager. Hopefully in the interview, you asked them what they are looking for in the perfect candidate, or what qualities they believe are necessary to excel in the position (hint, hint). You can now take the information they gave you in their response, and point out those qualities you have that they specifically said they are looking for. To take it a step further, you can give examples of how you have demonstrated these key skills in a previous position.
If there are any key accomplishments that you didn't get an opportunity to highlight during the interview, then the thank you email is your final opportunity to do so. It's OK to brag about yourself!
Close the letter by thanking them again and letting them know that you look forward to hearing from them.
In the past, it was really only acceptable to send a hand-written thank you letter following an interview. However, it is now perfectly fine to send an email. In fact, email is preferred because it's faster and you can ensure it goes directly to the right person.
By following these tips for sending a professional thank you email, you are sure to accelerate a job offer. I can't wait to hear your results! Post them in the comments below.
Follow Stacia Pierce on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@StaciaPierce
More:

RBI Restructures Departments As Part of ReorganisationYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Restructures Departments As Part of Reorganisation
Reuters | Updated On: October 08, 2014 12:50 (IST)
FDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
The Reserve Bank of India is restructuring some of its departments as part of an overall reorganisation exercise. The restructuring will be completed by end-October, the RBI said in a release late on Tuesday.
The central bank has divided some departments into smaller ones and appointed three new executive directors, including filling up one existing position, for further specialisation.
M.D. Patra will head the departments of economic and policy research, monetary policy, and communication, while K.K. Vohra will manage human resource, corporate strategy and budget, and G. Mahalingam will be in charge of the department of statistics and information management, financial market operations and the international department.
These portfolios will be effective from Nov. 3, the RBI said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Coal Imports Increase 18.47 Per Cent in First Half of FY15You are here: Home Industries
Coal Imports Increase 18.47 Per Cent in First Half of FY15
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 08, 2014 18:10 (IST)
DDA Housing Scheme: Draw to be Held on Tuesday
New Delhi: Driven largely by an increase in coal imports by fuel-starved power stations, India's dry-fuel imports rose 18.47 per cent to 110.15 million tonnes (MT) during April-September 2014.
"Imports of all types of coal during the period (first half of 2014-15) stood at 110.15 million tonnes (MT) as against 92.98 MT imported during the corresponding period of 2013-14," according to compilation of data from 31 ports including 12 state-owned major ports in the country.
While average imports during the period rose 18.47 per cent, imports of steam coal surged 20.69 per cent to 87.09 MT during the first six months of 2014-15 from 72.16 MT recorded in the corresponding period of 2013-14.
Imports of petroleum coke, on the other hand, surged 72.22 per cent to 2.17 MT from 1.26 MT in the first half of 2013-14, the compilation revealed.
"Imports of coking coal increased by 7.13 per cent to 18.32 MT from 17.10 MT in the first half of 2013-14 whereas imports of anthracite coal and pulverised coal injection (PCI) rose marginally by 1.57 per cent and 5.26 per cent respectively," it said.
Imports of metallurgical coke fell 9.16 per cent to 1.19 MT from 1.31 MT last year in the review period.
In September 2014, imports of all types of coal stood at 16.04 MT, which was 19.26 per cent higher compared to 13.45 MT imported in September 2013, but down marginally from 16.12 MT imported in August 2014.
As per the latest data by the Central Electricity Authority (CEA), 56 coal-based power plants reported critical fuel stocks of less than seven days.
Of the 56 stations facing coal shortages, 33 had less than four days of stockpiles. These 33 stations include 10 power stations run by country's leading thermal power producer NTPC.
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal had earlier said that the coal materialisation to the power sector was 87 per cent during the first quarter of the current financial year (April to June).
The minister had said that shortage of supplies was on account of less supply of wagons and transportation constraints.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 17:29 (IST)

Company Recalls Floor Mats Fitting GM TrucksKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

After rhetoric on Kashmir  Bilawal Bhutto now targets NarendraModiBilawal accused India of adopting 'Israel model' against Pakistan. (Source: Reuters)
Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: October 8, 2014 8:02 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 2:02 am
Days after he vowed that Pakistan will take back entire Kashmir, the country’s ‘Gen Next’ politician Bilawal Bhutto Zardari on Wednesday attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying Pakistan can retaliate “unlike his victims from Gujarat”.
Accusing India of adopting “Israel model” against Pakistan, the 26-year-old scion of the Bhutto family said on Twitter, “Another attack on LOC. seems India adopting Israel model vs Pakistan. Modi must realize we can retaliate unlike his victims from Gujarat.”
He said this amid escalating tension between the two countries after ceasefire violations and heavy mortar shelling along the Line of Control that has claimed at least 12 lives on both sides.
Bilawal’s comments came days after he had said that his Pakistan People’s Party (PPP) would get back entire Kashmir from India.
“I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not  leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan,” he had said, addressing the party workers in Multan region in Punjab on September 19.
Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People’s Party which officially wants good ties with India.
His mother, former slain premier Benazir Bhutto, was twice elected as prime minister while his maternal grandfather Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, who founded the PPP in 1967, also served as prime minister in 1970s.

Everything will soon be fine: PM on Kashmir truce violationsComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Wednesday 'everything will be fine soon' on the border a day after India summoned the Pakistani deputy high commissioner in New Delhi to lodge a strong protest over repeated ceasefire violations.
At least 17 civilians have been killed and dozens wounded so far on both sides of the border after a week of some of the most intense fighting between India and Pakistan in about a decade.
The violence has further strained relations between the two countries that hit a low after New Delhi called off bilateral talks in August following the Pakistani high commissioner’s meeting with Kashmiri separatist leaders.
“Everything will be fine soon,” Modi told reporters at a function in New Delhi to mark the 82nd Air Force day.
Read: India summons Pak envoy over row
HT has learnt that India has taken up the ceasefire violation issue with Pakistan more than once in the past week as part of the “diplomatic initiatives” to end the impasse. According to sources, the Pakistan envoy was told on Tuesday that “unprovoked firing from across the border that also continues to target civilians” must stop.
Fighting intensified along the international border on Tuesday night and carried on till morning as Pakistani troops hit about 50 Indian outposts and three dozen hamlets with mortars and machine guns, killing two women of a family and wounding at least 15.
Read: India adopting Israel model against Pakistan: Bilawal
Intelligence sources said India hit back by pounding 37 Pakistani posts that left about 15 dead and damaged several Pakistan Rangers outposts. “Our troops at all the places gave a strong and befitting reply to firing from Pakistan,” a Border Security Force (BSF) spokesperson said.
The BSF has given a detailed report of the situation to the ministry of external affairs to diplomatically take up the issue with Pakistan. BSF chief DK Pathak will meet Union home minister Rajnath Singh and National Security Adviser (NSA) Ajit Doval on Thursday to give an account of the situation on the ground.
Thousands have fled their homes on both sides of the 192-kilometre international border since the fighting broke on Sunday night.
Analysts say the violence comes at a time when Pakistan's army is taking a more assertive role in the country’s politics while India has toughened its stance ahead of assembly elections this month.
Read: We should be valorous against Pak tactics
Islamabad summoned India’s deputy high commissioner JP Singh on Monday to lodge a protest over alleged ceasefire violations by India and raised the pitch by lodging a protest with the UN Military Observer Group over what it termed as India’s aggression.
However, India maintains the UN body has outlived its utility and all bilateral issues should be discussed under the framework of the Simla agreement and Lahore declaration. The ceasefire pact of 2003 is seen as the most important confidence-building measure between the two sides.
India and Pakistan exchange fire on the border sporadically but this year has been particularly volatile as Jammu and Kashmir is due for assembly polls and Pakistan typically ratchets up border tensions every time the state holds elections.
Read: India to continue tough response to Pakistan firing
A terse eight-minute phone conversation on Tuesday between officers of the Directorate-General of Military Operations of India and Pakistan ended with brigadiers from both sides trading accusations.
The moderate wing of the Kashmiri separatist group Hurriyat Conference asked both countries to end hostilities along the border and resume the stalled dialogue process to resolve outstanding issues.
(With inputs from Rajesh Ahuja and agencies)

Truecaller draws Silicon Valley funding© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/43c4b2d8-4e3d-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI to Cut Rates by 0.75% in 2015: BofA-MLFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
New Delhi: The Reserve Bank is likely to cut rates beginning February as inflation is expected to reach the targetted 8 per cent by next January, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan is expected to cut 75 basis points in 2015, beginning February, according to the global financial services major.
RBI would get the comfort of meeting its 8 per cent January Consumer Price Index-based inflation target, BofA-ML said, adding that "we expect the RBI to cut 75 bps in 2015 from February with inflation on course to 6 per cent in January 2016".
The central bank is likely to be on hold on its next policy meet on December 2.
The factors that are likely to lead to a rate cut early next year include bottoming of inflation, late rains and US Federal Reserve's rate hike expectations, it said.
In the recent past inflation has seen some moderation falling from double-digit figures in 2013 to 7.8 per cent, year-on-year, in August.
In the last monetary policy, Dr Rajan left all key rates unchanged citing continued risks to inflation and difficult external situation especially on the geopolitical front.
For the fourth consecutive time RBI had kept key interest rates unaltered. The short-term lending rate (repo) rate remained at 8 per cent, and the cash reserve requirement of banks at 4 per cent.
The report said: "Supply concerns are expectedly proving overdone. Second, the Rs 1,28,400 crore surplus with the RBI and coal fines or auctions should buffer the Rs 4,67,300 crore net borrowing programme from fiscal slippage."
BofA-ML expects the government to raise overseas investor's investment limit in government bonds to raise the country's foreign exchange reserves.
"It should hike on-auction G-Sec limits by $5 billion to $30 billion, doing away with the separate limit for sovereign wealth funds (SWFs), within the overall $81 billion FII debt limit," the report said.
FIIs have almost entirely utilised their $25 billion limit.
BofA-ML said separate SWF limits are not utilised as many SWFs invest in emerging market/India paper through FIIs. The report sees the rupee at Rs 62 in December with the US dollar settling at 1.25/euro.
It does not expect RBI to fight a rising US dollar beyond 1.25/euro, although dollar/rupee accounts for 85 per cent of the country's trade.
"After all, it is simply not possible for it to offset cross-currency pressures from the greenback given limited forex reserves," the report said.
The American brokerage expects RBI to buy $35-40 billion by March 2016 to maintain 8-month import cover that is key to rupee stability.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 16:07 (IST)

Odisha sets zero casualty target as Hudhud approachescoastThe state government is making preparation on par with that made to deal with Cyclone Phailin last year. (Source: Reuters/file)
Press Trust of India | Bhubaneswar | Posted: October 8, 2014 8:25 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 8:36 pm
As the cyclonic storm approaches the Odisha-Andhra Pradesh coast and makes landfall on Sunday, the state government on Wednesday set a “zero casualty” target, making preparation on par with that made to deal with Cyclone Phailin last year.
“The Government will strive for zero casualty. District collectors must prepare immediately and keep the evacuation plan in respect to their districts ready, giving highest priority to most vulnerable villages/ habitations,” said a spokesman of the special relief commissioner.
The state government which earned worldwide praise for effectively handling Cyclone Phailin last year, has taken Hudhud cyclone as a challenge. The casualty in the Phailin was around 20.
While cancelling leave of all government employees, the state administration set up control rooms in various departments and the district offices immediately activated to function round the clock.
Personnel of the ODRAF (Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force), NDRF and fire services have been deployed in advance to areas likely to be affected by the cyclone and associated floods to carry out search and rescue operations and assist in evacuation operations, the official said.
The state government also asked district collectors to take special care while shifting the old, infirm, physically challenged, women, and children to safer places and cyclone shelters much before the occurrence of the disaster.
Cyclone and flood shelters must be checked and made ready to house the evacuees, the spokesman said adding that arrangements for food and medicine, baby food, water supply, lighting and sanitation in the shelters should be checked and curative measures taken, if any required.
Other buildings as per requirement should also be identified by the district administration for use as shelter where water supply, lighting and sanitation arrangements are to be made, the state’s instruction to the districts said.
As flood is always associated with cyclone, boat arrangements must be made in advance, it said, adding the water level of dams and minor irrigation projects must be monitored and the storage level reduced if required.
Further, rainfall in the upstreams of the rivers should be monitored regularly, it said.
Availability of sufficient food in hostels of all residential schools of ST & SC Development Department and other departments in the cyclone prone areas should be ensured, the collectors and the Departments concerned said.

Texas Ebola patient has diedCaption
The family of Thomas Eric Duncan was devastated by the news of his death.
Oct. 8, 2014 Eric Williams, a Texas congressional candidate, speaks to reporters outside Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas about the death of Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan at the hospital. Williams is calling on Gov. Rick Perry (R) to begin an investigation into the treatment of Duncan and the care he received at the hospital. LM Otero/AP
View Photo Gallery —As Thomas Eric Duncan fights to survive, family and friends say they feel isolated.
The experimental treatment for Duncan did not begin until the weekend, several days after he was placed in isolation. Duncan’s family members have questioned why experimental treatments were not used sooner . “We want him to live,” Mawhen Jallah said before Duncan was given this treatment. “So we want the drug the other people used to get saved if they have it.”
Still, it will be difficult to know how much of a role the experimental drug ultimately played due to the timing, said Thomas Geisbert, a professor at the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston who has researched the Ebola virus for decades.
“It may have been given so late that it doesn’t make a difference either way,” Geisbert said Monday.
For public health officials, attention now turns to how they will handle Duncan’s body. “When the person has just died, that is when the body is most contagious,” Tarik Jasarevic, a spokesman for the World Health Organization, said in August . “It’s when the virus is overtaking the whole body.”
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has issued guidelines for safe handling of the remains of Ebola patients, which notes that “handling of human remains should be kept to a minimum.”
After Duncan’s body is carefully enclosed in two bags that are then disinfected, it will be cremated, the Texas Department of State Health Services said Wednesday. The family agreed to have his body cremated.
“Transportation of remains that contain Ebola virus should be minimized to the extent possible,” the CDC guidelines say. Moving human remains out of the United States, the CDC says, “would need to comply with the regulations of the country of destination, and should be coordinated in advance with relevant authorities.”
Duncan had told his fiancee the day he was diagnosed that he regretted exposing her to the virus, saying that he never would have come to the United States if he knew he was infected.
“He apologized to Louise the day they told him what he had,” Lloyd said Tuesday. “He told her, ‘I’m so sorry all of this is happening. . . . I would not put the love of my life in danger.’ ”
Some of Troh’s relatives expressed worry in addition to sadness, because Duncan had been around up to 48 people who may have been exposed to the disease. Authorities say 10 of these people remain high-risk, while the others are considered at a lower risk of contracting the disease.
“I feel terrible…I’m thinking of other people who come in contact with him,” Manie Mangoe, 25, who is a relative of Troh, said Wednesday. “I’m worried.”
Saddened by the loss of the first #Ebola victim in the US. We offer our sincere condolences to everyone who mourns. #CDCchat
— Dr. Tom Frieden (@DrFriedenCDC) October 8, 2014
Authorities who had spent time with Duncan’s relatives offered their condolences on Wednesday morning. “My thoughts are with the family and friends of Thomas Eric Duncan at this time, especially his fiancée Louise, their son Karsiah and all those who loved him,” Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins said in a statement Wednesday. “We are also thinking of the dedicated hospital staff who assisted Mr. Duncan daily while he fought this terrible disease. We offer prayers of comfort and peace to everyone impacted by his passing.” State and local health officials, who continue to monitor the 48 people who had contact with Duncan for Ebola symptoms, also sent out messages aimed at the family:
Per Presby, Mr. Duncan passed away at 7:51 this morning. The City of Dallas offers our deepest condolences to his loved ones. — Sana Syed (@dallaspiosana) October 8, 2014
“The past week has been an enormous test of our health system, but for one family it has been far more personal,” David Lakey, commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services, said in a statement. “Today they lost a dear member of their family. They have our sincere condolences, and we are keeping them in our thoughts.”
The department vowed to continue fighting to contain the spread of Ebola in Texas. While authorities said about 10 people remain at high risk due to contact with Duncan, including relatives who have been isolated, no one else has shown any symptom of the disease so far.
“This hurts deeply and we were hoping that this was not going to happen,” Dallas Mayor Michael Rawlings said at a city council meeting Wednesday. “This is sad news for all involved. We will continue to do everything possible with our partners with the county to protect our public health in all of the city of Dallas.”
Infographic: Experimental drugs used for Ebola
Eric Williams, who is running as an independent for Congress from District 30 in Dallas, called on Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) to open a “investigation of wrongful death” of Duncan.
“We need to know why it happened,” Williams said outside Texas health Presbyterian Hospital Wednesday. “This disease will move from one person to another. We don’t need to make mistakes again. The hospital made a grave error when it turned Duncan away the first time. It mistreated him because he didn’t get the experimental drugs.”
Brown reported from Dallas, Tex. Brady Dennis, Abby Phillip, Abby Ohlheiser, J. Freedom du Lac, Elahe Izadi and Juliet Eilperin in Washington, D.C., contributed to this report.
[This post has been updated. First published: 11:18 a.m. Last updated: 3:54 p.m.]
RELATED:

There wont be any flag meetings with Pakistan:GovtRajnath Singh assured people living in bordering villages of Jammu and Kashmir that they would soon return to their homes as "misadventure" from Pakistani side will be responded adequately.
Press Trust of India | Karnal | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:00 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 9:11 pm
India will continue to respond to Pakistan on the ceasefire violations according to the situation along the border and there won’t be any flag meetings, the government on Wednesday said.
“According to the situation, there is not going to be any flag meeting because our forces are responding appropriately. We will see whatever outcome is there,” Union Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju said.
The government had on Tuesday said that it would observe Pakistan’s “behaviour” in the coming days before taking a decision on flag meetings.
Indian forces will not do anything to escalate the situation but respond according to the situation, he said.
“We have to see that the situation does not go out of hand. Everything is taken good care of by our forces. Even though our Prime Minister is campaigning, it does not mean that he is out of touch with the ground situation. Directions are being given,” he said at an election rally here.
Addressing a series of rallies in Karnal, Faridabad and Kaithal, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh assured people living in bordering villages of Jammu and Kashmir that they would soon return to their homes as “misadventure” from Pakistani side will be responded adequately.
“The situation in India has changed and Pakistan should understand this,” he said.
He lauded the role of BSF and Army in giving a befitting reply to Pakistan.
Responding to queries from journalists after an election rally, Singh said, “Every Indian can hold his head high with pride. I wish to congratulate our BSF jawans and Army jawans on the manner in which they have responded to the border firings.
“The situation in India has changed. I feel Pakistan  should understand that.”
About the migration of people from bordering villages of  the state, Singh said, “No one will have to leave. People who reside at the border will return and remain there. I wish to assure people that BSF and Army are responding appropriately and I would like to commend them for the same.”
Rijiju said border villages, which have come under shelling by Pakistan Rangers, will be evacuated only if  necessary.
Pakistani troops have targeted 50 border out posts and 35 hamlets overnight along the 192-km boundary. The escalation has triggered an exodus, with 16,000 people moving to safer areas from border villages.
Eight people have been killed and over 70, including BSF jawans, injured in Pakistani shelling and firing along LoC and International Border in Jammu and Poonch districts since October 1.

Ex-RPSC chief looked at test papers before daughter took examComments
The former chairman of the Rajasthan Public Service Commission (RPSC) had looked at question papers of a judicial examination last year in which his daughter secured the tenth position, the owner of the press which printed the test papers has told a local court in Jaipur.
Rajasthan Police's Special Operations Group (SOG) registered an FIR against Habib Khan Gauran on October 2 after examining records at the printing press in Ahmedabad, which showed that the former RPSC chief had visited the facility, looked at question papers for "proof-reading" and taken down notes "for reference".
The owner of the press recorded his statement before a magistrate on Tuesday, a copy of which has been seen by Hindustan Times.
Gauran stepped down from his post on September 22 after the RPSC got embroiled in several paper leaks. Early last year, he had briefly stepped aside from involving himself with the process of setting the test papers for in the Rajasthan Judicial Services (Main) exam, saying his daughter, Reshma Khan, was appearing in it.
But Gauran looked at all the four question papers and took down notes on March 16, records showed. The RJS Main 2013 exam was held on March 21, 22, 23 and 24.
It was during investigations into earlier paper leaks that the owner of Surya Offset and Security Printing Press, Mudesh Purohit, spilled the beans on Gauran's visit to the press in Ahmedabad, barely five days before the Rajasthan Judicial Services (Main) exams began in March 2013.
The SOG has registered a case under section 4/6 of the Rajasthan Public Examination (Prevention of Unfair Means) Act, 1992, against Gauran, and will soon call him for questioning. Most likely, he would be confronted with Purohit.
During the preliminary inquiry, the SOG also recorded the statements of driver Ghanshyam Patel, who drove Gauran to the Ahmedabad press.

Infosys fetes founding fathers as Kris Gopalakrishnan retirement daynearsPrint
Others from the six member founding team including N R Narayana Murthy, K Dinesh, Nandan Nilekani, S D Shibulal and N S Raghavan were also present at the ceremony. (Source: Indian Express photo)
Written by Johnson T A | Bangalore | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:58 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 10:02 pm
With the last of the founding team of Indian IT bellwether Infosys Ltd, Kris Gopalakrishnan, set to retire from the company on October 10, a formal farewell was given by Infosys to all its founders here on Wednesday. ‘I was fortunate that my passion for computing became my profession, and that I was able to make an impact in this industry through Infosys, through the innovations we pioneered and the jobs we created,” the Infosys co-founder Gopalakrishnan said at the farewell.
Following the retirement of Gopalakrishnan Infosys will be completely under the charge of a new guard lead by CEO Vishal Sikka which took charge of the company on August 1 this year.
Others from the six member founding team including N R Narayana Murthy, K Dinesh, Nandan Nilekani, S D Shibulal and N S Raghavan were also present at the ceremony.
“Computers have become ubiquitous and have created a large industry, both in products and services. The Internet has connected the world. I have been fortunate to be part of this industry for the last 35 years of its 70 years,” Gopalakrishnan said.
Speaking on the occasion the key founder of the company N R Narayana Murthy said the founding of Infosys was a watershed event in the history of corporate India.
‘Never in the past has this country seen, and probably never in the future will this country see, a set of founders who nurtured their creation with care, sacrifice and passion for 33 years and passed it on with equanimity to a set of outsiders,’ Murthy said.
‘We leave with the satisfaction of taking this company from a market value of Rs. 28.5 crores on the day of listing in India in 1993 to Rs. 2,00,000 crores today, a return of 6,50,000% over 21 years – a CAGR of 89%. We leave with the distinction of creating several firsts in good corporate governance in India and the world,” he said.
In July this year Kris Gopalakrishnan had announced a donation of $1.8 million for the Carnegie Mellon University in the US to establish a research tie-up with the Centre for Brain Research (CBR) at the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) in Bangalore to study aging related disorders of the brain. The donation was done through Gopalakrishnan’s Prathiksha Trust. Gopalkrishnan has personal wealth valued at $ 1.4 billion dollar and is among the top 1500 billionaires in the world.

Ebola unavoidable in Europe  but spread risk low:WHOEbola has killed 3,439 people in west Africa since the start of the year, according to the latest WHO toll. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Geneva | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:47 pm
Cases of Ebola in Europe are unavoidable, but the risk of the disease spreading is extremely low, a top UN health official said on Wednesday, amid growing fears over infections in Spain.
“Sporadic cases of Ebola virus disease in Europe are unavoidable. This is due to travel between Europe and affected countries,” said Zsuzsanna Jakab, regional director for Europe at the World Health Organisation.
“However, the risk of spread of Ebola in Europe is avoidable and extremely low,” she said in a statement, adding that European nations were “among the best prepared in the world”.
Six people have now been quarantined at a Madrid hospital, including a nurse who was diagnosed with Ebola on Monday in the first case of transmission of the disease outside Africa.
The nurse, in her forties, had cared for two elderly Spanish missionaries who died from the virus following their return from west Africa.
“There is a risk of accidental contamination for people exposed to Ebola patients. This risk can be and must be mitigated with strict infection control measures,” said Jakab.
“Health care workers are on the frontline of the Ebola fight and they are those most at risk of infection. They need to be protected and supported by all means,” she added.
Among the six people hospitalised in Madrid are the woman’s husband, considered at “high risk” by Spanish authorities, and two other nurses.
Officials said they were monitoring as a precaution 52 other people – mostly health workers – who had been in contact with the infected nurse.
“All countries have protocols and procedures that must be implemented when a case is suspected and it is important that these are followed diligently. WHO is, as always, ready to provide help and support where requested,” said Jakab.
Ebola has killed 3,439 people in west Africa since the start of the year, according to the latest WHO toll, with health workers making up around six percent of the victims.

Vasundhara Raje at loggerheads with Centre on cabinetexpansionDuring her recent visit to New Delhi, Raje failed to secure an appointment with party national chief Amit Shah, when she was hoping to finalize the state cabinet expansion. (Source: Reuters photo)
Written by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:27 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 9:34 pm
Eleven months after forming government in the state, Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje is yet to arrive at a consensus with the Centre on probable inductions to her cabinet. Raje is yet to induct a full-fledged cabinet and has only 11 ministers apart from the CM.
Raje, who had initially deferred the induction promising a berth on the basis of performance in the parliamentary polls, has now hit a roadblock failing to arrive at a consensus with the Centre on the proposed list of cabinet ministers. While the RSS lobby has clearly indicated its recommendations, Raje has drawn up her own list, which highly placed sources in the party say is yet to receive a nod from the center.
During her three-day stay in New Delhi earlier last week, Raje failed to secure an appointment with party national chief Amit Shah, when she was hoping to finalize the state cabinet expansion. Busy with the Maharashtra and Haryana elections, Shah had to leave for his whirlwind tour of Haryana. However party insiders say that Shah deliberately postponed the discussion as Prime Minister Narendra Modi was not in the country and Shah did not want to take a decision on it by himself.
Not only Raje, the entire senior party leadership in the state has been cold-shouldered by the center. State party president Ashok Parnami and senior leader Gulab Chand Kataria, who too have been doing the rounds of the party headquarters, with a copy of the probables list, have failed to get an appointment with senior party leaders.
Meanwhile disaffection has spreading among senior legislators who have been waiting in anticipation of a berth since Raje assumed office in December last year. “Initially we were told that if we managed to help the party win in the parliamentary elections, we would be suitably rewarded and were given the responsibility to help candidates in our own constituencies and neighbouring areas. After the elections were over and the results came, the cabinet expansion plans are still in a limbo,” said a senior legislator, whose name has been doing the rounds for the new cabinet.
Raje has been single-handedly running the show in the state with as many as 47 portfolios to herself. With key portfolios such as home, finance, industry, revenue, civil defence, forest among others resting with the CM, Raje’s second term has been riddled with trouble. She has had to face flak for poor governance and law and order in the state. Drawn in to campaign for the upcoming polls in Maharashtra and with the local body elections slated in November, Raje’s attention continued…

After India sends Pak tough message on border fire  PM hints at earlyresolutionPrint
Everything will be fine soon, Modi said on being asked about ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
Written by Pranav Kulkarni , Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 8:52 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 7:47 am
Hours after India warned Pakistan of an “effective and appropriate” response to ceasefire violations along the border, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday hinted at an early resolution, saying “everything will be fine soon”.
The Prime Minister’s remark was in response to a reporter’s query during an at-home gathering at the official residence of Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha on the 82nd Air Force Day. Modi was seen speaking to Army Chief General Dalbir Singh.
Earlier in the day, Raha told reporters that the border “matter is serious” but the government and security forces were doing their best to return the situation to normal.
“India wants good relations with its neighbours… a number of steps are being taken… We are all concerned. Efforts are being made to bring this to an end,” Raha said.
Top government sources ruled out any talks till Pakistan stopped its attacks. “It was the Pakistani side which started the ceasefire violation. There will be no talks till the shelling stops,” a senior official said. “Pakistan should stop (firing). We did not escalate the situation and we are not going to give in to coercive diplomacy.”
Addressing election rallies in Karnal, Faridabad and Kaithal in Haryana, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh assured people living in the border villages of Jammu and Kashmir that they would soon return to their homes since the Pakistani “misadventure” was being responded to adequately.
“The situation in India has changed and Pakistan should understand this,” he said. Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju said India will continue to respond to ceasefire violations. “There is not going to be any flag meeting because our forces are responding appropriately. We will see whatever outcome is there,” he said.
In Jammu, Jitendra Singh, Minister of State in the PMO, said: “There are indications that Pakistani Army is also with the Rangers.” He said the BSF had taken appropriate action. “There is a befitting reply from Indian side and the other side is also realising that the manner in which they are suffering casualties.”
A PTI report from the United Nations headquarters said Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has asked India and Pakistan to resolve their issues diplomatically and through dialogue. Late Wednesday night, fresh firing from Pakistan was reported in Akhnoor.
On Tuesday, the BSF fired 10,000 medium machine gun rounds, the maximum since the clashes at the border. “The jawans have been told to fire with all might and there is no let-up from our side. We still stand by our decision not to hold flag meetings or call up the Pakistan Rangers,” an official said.
Away from the International Border, firing was also reported along the Line of Control. Starting 1.30 pm Tuesday, it continued until 7 am Wednesday. Sources said that the Pakistani fire, which involved automatic weapons continued…

Kerala Congress targets Shashi Tharoor: Should national interest be above party politicsJharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Spurt in violence ends decade long peace at Indo-Pak borderComments
The fraught relationship between India and Pakistan is witnessing a steady rise in border firing incidents, data culled from the Indian Parliament shows. The spurt in violence comes after a ceasefire that ensured peaceful borders for over ten years.
The sharpest escalation in border firing since the ceasefire began in 2010, which saw 39 incidents and then grew to 347 incidents in 2013.
Both India and Pakistan have held on to the ceasefire that began on November 25, 2003. In the preceding year, both countries had witnessed 2,644 incidents of firing. This was during Operation Parakram which was launched after attack on the Indian Parliament on December 13, 2001, leading to a 13-month skirmish.
Pakistan taught 'befitting lesson', says Modi after decline in firing
But after the ceasefire was declared, violence plunged and there wasn’t a single border incident between the two armies between 2004 and 2006. However, by 2010, that began to change.
Experts like Lt Gen PC Katoch, who commanded the Siachen brigade during the Kargil war, feel that the rise in violence reflects Pakistan’s growing internal troubles. “Pakistan is imploding so they have to divert attention. What is the point of talking with Pakistan right now?”
But others feel that keeping communication channels open is the key to managing the ceasefire. Srinath Raghavan, a lecturer on security studies at King’s College, London, feels that New Delhi’s decision to not seek flag meetings could have been avoided. “Drawing these red lines will only paint us into a corner and reduce our ability to manoeuvre.”
Rana Banerji who studied Pakistan for nearly 30 years as part of the Research & Analysis Wing (R&AW) agrees with Raghavan’s assessment. “In Pakistan, the army calls the shots. But if we encourage a military-to-military dialogue, it emphasises our view that as a democracy we will speak to the political establishment and restrict their army to only talks with our army.”
New Delhi is firm that it will not talk to Pakistan till the levels of violence come down. But the ceasefire has benefited both. “In Kashmir, it has led to reduced levels of militancy-related violence in the valley and a sharp fall in infiltration attempts,” says Raghavan. Clearly, peace has dividends for both countries.

Indo-Pak relations: From a hockey defeat to near warFrom a hockey defeat to near war, a tale of two neighbours
Harinder Baweja , Hindustan Times  Gakhrial, Jammu, October 08, 2014
First Published: 22:08 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:58 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
Tensions on the international border (IB) escalated to a new high  with heavy mortars flying across the entire length of the 192 km IB Tuesday night.
BSF Inspector General Rakesh Sharma confirmed that while 37 border outposts were targeted on Monday night. Pakistan Rangers fired at 63 outposts Tuesday night.
HT visited the Gakhrial post which has been under attack for the last two nights. BSF officials said they fired 60 to 70 mortars in the space of an hour while on Monday they had fired the same amount through the course of the entire night. "It feels like war," one BSF official said.
The escalation was also measured through mortars being fired in day light. Normally the border comes alive to the sound of shelling only at night but IG Sharma said bombs landed in Samba at 8.30 am.
Officials are now wondering how this spiral will end as there are no signs of a let up and india is clear about not seeking a flag meeting.
At the various posts along the border, officials know when and why it started. Several that HT spoke with said the firing started soon after Pakistan lost the Asian games hockey final to India.
The shelling, some say, had a lot to do with Prime Minister Narendra Modis US visit where he was feted by President Barack Obama while Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif's call for a plebiscite in Kashmir met with a tepid response.
"The Pakistani army is trying to focus international attention on Kashmir and this time they're trying to say that not only is the line of control disputed, the international border too is not clearly demarcated. We have no option but to retaliate" said a senior BSF official.
The retaliation is swift and intense. Commanders admit privately that they are not even bothering to counter machine gun fire with machine guns. It is mortars all the way. Even when Pakistan opens up with machine guns, the reply is given with heavy mortar fire, mostly 81 mm mortars which have an effective range of 5 km. "There is no point in wasting 10,000 rounds," said one commander.
Across the International Border, BSF companies are requisitioning for more bombs from their battalion headquarters.
As the sun sets once again, there is a sense of unease of what this night will bring and how many more mortars will have to be fired in what has clearly become a reaction/counter-reaction battle.

German stocks fall into correction zoneGerman stocks sink into correction territory
By: Adam Shell October 8, 2014 11:47 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
German stocks off 10% from recent highs in Wednesday trading. A trader works in front of a board displaying the chart of German stock index, the DAX, in Frankfurt, back on Nov. 2, 2011. (Daniel Roland, AFP/Getty Images)
German stocks, weighed down by the economic fallout spawned by the Ukraine-Russia crisis and the eurzone’s weak economy, are now down more than 10% from their July peak and officially in correction territory.
The DAX, Germany’s benchmark stock index, has succumbed to recent data points that show the German economy has ground to a halt, hurt in large part by the economic sanctions levied at its major trading partner, Russia, by the U.S. and European Union as a way to get Moscow to butt out of Ukraine’s affairs. The economic slowdown in the rest of the debt-hobbled eurozone has also hurt the German economy, considered the economic locomotive of Europe.
In trading today, the DAX fell as low as 8960.43, which put it down 10.7% from its July 3 closing high of 10,029.43 and off nearly 11% from its June 20 intraday peak of 10,050.98.
The DAX, which started the day at 9027.90, was down about 1% at 8995 around 11:45 a.m. ET. Investors are watching to see if the key 9000 level on the DAX will hold, according to Barclays.
A weak reading on August industrial production released Tuesday and a lousy reading on factory orders out Monday are the latest gloomy statistics to spook stock investors in Germany.
“The Russia-Ukraine issues are likely a factor weighing on business confidence in Germany,” said Mary Catherine Sinclair, an analyst at Strategas Research Partners. “(Germany), the euro area growth engine, is still slowing.”
If the DAX , which is still open for trading, closes below 9026.49 today it will mark an official correction, or a drop of 10% or more.
 

No vested interest within NCP to call off alliance with Congress  says Sharad PawarMaharashtra: Shiv Sena ready to go with BJP's choice of CM
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Pakistan violates ceasefire againOct 08, 2014 at 10:31pm IST
Pakistan violates ceasefire again
11
0
Jammu: In fresh ceasefire violations, Pakistani forces resorted to shelling and firing along the international border in Jammu and Kashmir on Wednesday night.
There were three fresh violation of ceasefire as Pakistani forces resorted to mortar shelling and firing in the sub sectors of Kanachak and Pargwal in Jammu district and Hiranagar in Kathua district along the international border (IB) tonight.
BSF troops gave a strong retaliation and the exchanges are on, police officials said.
BSF troops gave a strong retaliation and the exchanges are on, police officials said.
#ceasefire violation #pakistan #kathua #kanachak
In the last 24 hours, Pakistani Rangers targeted 50 border outposts (BoPs) and 35 hamlets along the 192-km boundary killing 2 women and injuring 15 others, including three BSF jawans.
Eight people have been killed and 75 others injured in the shelling and firing along LoC and IB in Jammu and Poonch districts by Pakistan for over a week this month.
2

Mark Berman and DeNeen L. BrownThe search for a makeshift emergency shelter for homeless families has led the administration of D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray (D) to a familiar spot: the Days Inn along New York Ave NE.
Nov 21, 2014
Social workers at a D.C. center try to find alternatives for families in need as the temperature drops.
Nov 18, 2014
A pilot program is offering community service to youths facing fines.
Nov 15, 2014
Great strides are being made to reduce number of homeless vets, even as the number of homeless families rises.
Nov 11, 2014
The Gray administration is crafting a plan to handle an expected surge in homeless families.
Nov 5, 2014
The job can be tedious, but more than 680,000 work in the field, a 20 percent increase since 2004.
Nov 4, 2014
For the first time ever, figure skaters can perform to music with lyrics. Can it save the sport?
Oct 28, 2014
The economy is getting better but many young Americans have been left out of the recovery.
Oct 27, 2014
The economy is getting better. So why have so many young Americans been left out of the recovery?
Oct 27, 2014
Critics say the information is being leaked to prepare the community in case there is no indictment.
Oct 23, 2014
Load More
About
Robert writes for the Post’s social issues team. In Maryland, he focuses on issues affecting low-income children and families. He also covers life in the District, which explains why he’s wandering around your neighborhood.
Robert joined the Post in 2011 after spending nearly five years working at The Miami Herald. At the Herald, he covered politics, poverty, murder, mayhem and a manatee orgy. Robert occasionally writes essays on race for the Post and is the newsroom’s self-proclaimed figure skating guru. Robert grew up in the Bronx and is an alumnus of the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern, where he was editor-in-chief of the school newspaper, The Daily Northwestern.
Notable stories

Wall Street flat in choppy day ahead of Fed minutesS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Stocks Solidly Higher After Fed Minutes ReleaseKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

No announcement on JCP store closuresno announcement on jcp store closures
Co-hosts of "Made Right Here"Like
Joe Gannon
As co-host of Made Right Here, Joe Gannon is best known for his under-the-hood approach to learning how things are made. This approach was likely honed in high school while rebuilding his first car, a ’66 Ford Mustang, alongside his father – though neither man had formal mechanical training.
Gannon has a deep affection for the hardworking Americans that fuel our industries and seeks out quality goods that are proudly made here in the United States, offering viewers of Made Right Here a glimpse into the behind-the-scenes processes that help create and produce these items.
Raised by an English teacher and an environmental scientist, spending much of his youth disassembling and restoring household items back to working order, Gannon is endlessly trying to learn what makes things tick. He graduated with a degree in Biology and resides in rural Delaware alongside his high school sweetheart and two children.
Max Wastler
Max Wastler, the other half of Made Right Here, has spent his career documenting the unique stories of America’s hard-working people. With a background in clothing design and manufacturing and a degree in English, his work history has provided opportunities to tell a uniquely American story through the things he makes and the people he meets. Throughout the series, Wastler travels to companies and factories that make classically designed American products, interviewing craftspeople, and discovering that a love of people, not a love of product, makes a strong company. Within these stories, he showcases a genuine enthusiasm for products made close to home and the people who make them.
Wastler was born in a small rail town in Kansas and raised in a big city in Missouri where he developed a sincere appreciation for his surroundings – namely, for the admirable work ethic and earnest look at life of his fellow Midwesterners. After sewing several chambray shirts for a college play, Max came to appreciate all that goes into the production of handmade goods: dedication, time and patience.
Wastler resides and works in Chicago, Illinois, striving to tell a uniquely American story through the people he meets.

Cyber crime and new bank regulatory rulesCyber crime, new bank regulatory rules and payday lending Oct 06, 2014 - 3:29 pm
Patrick Jenkins is joined by Martin Arnold, Sam Fleming, Alistair Gray and Emma Dunkley, as well as James Daley, from the consumer rights body Fairer Finance to discuss cyber crime and the latest hit to JPMorgan in the US, the Bank of England’s new regulatory rules affecting banks, and a warning that payday lenders may be about to be extinguished from the market.

Bitcoin after the bubble has poppedShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Bitcoin after the Bubble
Oct 6, 2014 : Bitcoin is not going to supplant governments or bring down the banks. But as the hype around the digital currency subsides, banks and entrepreneurs are trying to use bitcoin in ways that could revolutionise the banking industry. The FT's John Authers reports from Sibos in Boston.
Credits: Produced, filmed and edited by Gregory Bobillot. Additional footage: Reuters, Getty

Brazils second round: Dilmas to loseSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

This Is What It s Like To Work For One Of America s Most Iconic Brands For 24 Yearsreddit
To get a taste of what makes America great today, look no further than your local factory or plant. We, Joe and Max, feel that by highlighting those who fuel the local economy, we can learn more about the goods and products that add color to our lives. That is the focus of our new digital content series, created in partnership with Maxwell House, called “ Made Right Here .” We’re telling the real stories of American progress.
The Maxwell House coffee plant in Jacksonville, Fla. is featured in one of our “Made Right Here” episodes.  When we visited the plant, we learned about the generations of employees who dedicate their days – and nights – to carefully crafting a cup of coffee that is “Good to the Last Drop” every time – a line Teddy Roosevelt coined more than 100 years ago. To get a behind-the-scenes look into what makes Maxwell House coffee so good, we interviewed plant manager and 24-year plant veteran Joe Waryold.
What is your favorite thing about working for Maxwell House?
I vividly recall my first trip to Jacksonville when I was interviewing for a job with Maxwell House. I stayed in a hotel downtown and could see the plant as clear as day from the hotel on the other side of the river. The location of the plant said so much to me about Maxwell House and the brand’s values. The plant sits in the very heart of the city and can be seen from every angle. You can even smell the coffee’s rich aroma everywhere you go. You can’t really separate the two – Jacksonville and Maxwell House. We are bound by history and geography and the generations of families who have worked in our factory.
How many people work at your Jacksonville plant?
We currently employ 227 people, many of whom have been with us for 30 or 40-plus years.
Describe your typical day.
I start my day as most of our employees do, with a cup of Maxwell House coffee. I then walk the plant to take its pulse and see how things are running. Within the walls of the factory, I focus on our employees – how they are treated and the work that they do – and on making coffee that’s true to our tagline, “Good to The Last Drop.” Outside those walls, I engage the community on the plant’s behalf and commit to always being a good neighbor. Our history in Jacksonville goes back 104 years. People know us and we play a substantial role in the community. No two days are alike for me, and that’s one of the things I like most about working here.
What makes the Jacksonville plant stand out?
Our collective team shares an uncompromising commitment to quality. Each and every employee knows exactly how the coffee must look, smell and taste. If it doesn’t measure up, we take immediate action to fix it.
How would you describe the culture at the Jacksonville plant?
I could share dozens of stories about people who started as entry-level workers in sanitation or in the coffee bagging area and are now leading a department. We have a true family environment here and everyone knows so much about each other. Career growth potential and a fun, family atmosphere make this plant a very special place for all who work here.
How has Maxwell House weathered the changes in coffee trends?
Since our start in 1892, Maxwell House has been loved by those who brew coffee at home, one cup or one pot at a time. For many years, most Americans picked up a can of coffee at the local convenience or grocery store and brewed a pot at home. Now, other trends like single-serve coffee and darker, bolder roasts are gaining popularity. At the same time, the things that Maxwell House drinkers love about us haven’t changed. In the same way that our florescent coffee cup lights up the Jacksonville skyline, our coffee continues to kick off mornings across the country, with the taste and value that our fans expect from us. We’re honored to deliver it.
To learn more about the Jacksonville Maxwell House plant, check out the following video:
More:

New monetary policy framework by DecNew monetary policy framework by Dec
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 08, 2014 12:35 AM IST
A new monetary policy framework is to be put in place by December, with the government setting the inflation target, to be implemented by a policy panel.
The finance ministry and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) are soon expected to sign a formal agreement under which the central bank will pursue the retail inflation target decided by the government.
“Since it is a Budget announcement, it has to be put in place by December. It will be a part of the Action Taken Report to be tabled in Parliament by January 15,” said a ministry official who did not wish to be identified.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, in his Budget speech in July, had said it was essential to have a modern monetary policy framework to meet the challenge of an increasingly complex economy. And, the government, in close consultation with RBI, would put in place such a framework.
“The finance secretary and the (RBI) governor had discussions on it. We have completed our internal work. It will be put up before the finance minister when he joins office (he's currently recovering from a surgical procedure),” the official added.
Under this framework, the interest rate will be decided by a monetary policy committee, so as to ensure inflation remains within the targeted levels. The official made it clear that the government would set the inflation target and RBI could only give suggestions.
“What is the appropriate inflation target for India cannot be decided by RBI. It has to be decided by the government. It may decide it in consultation with Parliament or on its own,” said the official.
In most countries, said the official, the monetary policy framework is laid down by the legislature. In some, the decision is taken by the executive, on its own or in consultation with the legislature.
A committee headed by RBI deputy governor Urjit Patel had suggested the central bank target to bring down retail inflation to eight per cent by January 2015 and six per cent by January 2016. The Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission had said the government should determine the objective of monetary policy. The official said the new framework could be a combination of both sets of recommendations.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has been keeping policy rates high to keep inflation under check and might not ease the policy till the inflation targets are largely met. Retail inflation slowed to 7.8 per cent in August but the central bank is more worried about its target of six per cent by early 2016.

GTAT: all too breakable© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/16fef7d6-4db1-11e4-9683-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola poses $32.6bn threat to west AfricaEbola poses $33bn threat to west Africa economy as human cost grows
By Shawn Donnan in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a8439bf4-4eb3-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cinema Exclusivity: Why Buy a $17 Imax Ticket When It s on Netflix Tooreddit
Movie fans are oblivious that their movie-watching loyalties are the focus of an epic battle being played out in Hollywood. Many movie distributors are determined to carve out a video-on-demand (VOD) run for movies at or about the same time as theatrical premiere. This pits the $11 billion domestic box office business at cinemas against the $12 billion domestic VOD segment on TV.
Film distributor The Weinstein Co. just announced that the sequel to Chinese-language blockbuster Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon will play simultaneously on Imax theater screens and TV's Netflix when the movie premieres in August 2015. While this announcement made a splash, the concept is not new.
"There has been a lot of conversation about premium VOD over the last several years," Walt Disney Studios president Alan Bergman told an investors conference last month, "although nothing substantial has come of it."
The outside world usually looks upon the jockeying as involving just timing--having VOD release move up to coincide with theatrical premiere. Film distributors, VOD platforms and even movie theaters argue as much about pricing. Those stakeholders in the Hollywood ecosystem question why a pricey cinema ticket is paired with cheap Netflix access, as will be the case with 2015 sequel Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: The Green Legend.
The price tag for a single movie is less than $1 within a Netflix monthly subscription (remember there are unlimited viewings by any number of people in front of a TV screen with any on-demand video), which represents a consumer value disconnect when compared to a $17 Imax cinema ticket (my local price).  Hollywood risks undermining perceived consumer value for movies.
The other attempts for a "premium" VOD window with theatrical came with hefty price tags, but consumers balked ("window" is the word to describe each stop in a movie's distribution from theaters to DVDs to on-demand TV to various TV outlets) . For example, in 2011, satellite subscription TV service DirecTV launched its Home Premiere program that charged $30 for major Hollywood films just two months after theatrical (up from four months), but it fizzled, as have others.
Windows for Major Movies After Theatrical
Premium VOD -- 0-3 months
Home entertainment (DVD/Blu-ray), VOD, pay-per-view -- 3-6 months
Premium pay TV -- 7-15 months*
Subscription VOD -- 7-15 months*
Network TV (free and basic cable)-- 24 months*
* first window; same films may return later
Source: industry sources
That $30 price is not outlandish. Remember the professional wrestling mounts monthly pay-per-view TV events with a suggested cable/satellite TV ticket price of $44.95 or $59.95 to the consumer, garnering group viewing and sharing of the cost.
Usually at this point, I'd present a forceful analysis suggesting which way the industry is headed. On this premium early video window, I demur. There are just too many uncertainties with pricing and timing. The sharp plunge in the key peak summer season exacerbates worries, though since summer cinema box office returned to healthy levels.
However, it's a good bet big-budget major films will maintain the exclusive theatrical window in the near term, since half of blockbuster's of $100 million-plus in cinema ticket sales is serious money and would be undermined by VOD telecasts at the same time.
"We want people to see them in a theater first, and then we want people to buy them," Disney's Bergman said to investors of major-studio films. "So as it relates to premium VOD for us, I don't really see any substantial changes in the next few years."
There are several other reasons to predict cinema exclusivity for big films for the foreseeable future. Cinema-only runs are buttressed by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences, which at the moment isn't inclined to confer its coveted Oscars on hybrid theatricals with quickie VOD windows. "Hollywood likes cinema release because it creates a marquee value for films that carries over to DVD and TV, and because consumer consumption is limited to one view per ticket," says my book Marketing To Moviegoers: Third Edition. "Moviegoing is further entrenched by theaters investing in big screens, crystal-clear digital sound, plush seats, and stadium-style seat placement with unobstructed sight lines."
Expect films from independent distributors -- which tend to be scrappier and more oriented to short-term economic returns than the six major studios -- to continue to try to carve out a premium VOD window. The "indies" always push movies rapidly into the marketplace on all fronts because their films tend not to linger long in movie theaters.
Don't believe pundits that predict a new permanent paradigm is emerging quickly. Here's where I can make a prediction with confidence. Expect divergent efforts that pair VOD with cinema to continue for some, but not all, movies.
More:

Catalytic Development Assistance in Fragile Statesreddit
A decreasing share of development assistance is going to the countries most in need despite of record high total foreign aid at 135 billion. The new OECD Development Cooperation Report calls for mobilizing more and better development assistance. Effective development assistance must be used catalytically in fragile states by promoting peace, supporting national leadership and mobilizing state building.
___________
The enormous development progress seen over the past 20 years is unprecedented in human history. Extreme poverty has been halved globally and 600 million people brought out of poverty in China alone. Child mortality has also been halved which means 17,000 more children are alive every day. But some of the least developed and fragile states are left behind. Global progress is of little consolation for people facing violence and humanitarian needs in South Sudan and the Central African Republic. A target of 50 percent of all development assistance to the least developed and other vulnerable nations has been proposed. But we also need better development assistance used catalytically by supporting peace, national leadership and state building.
There can be no development without peace and security. Building schools and hospitals is of little use if those are burned down the next day. The African Development bank has estimated that a civil war can erase 20-30 years worth of development. Effective development assistance must be a catalyst for peace and political settlements. South Sudan descended into ethnic war and destruction in December last year when the two top political leaders in the land started fighting in a power struggle. South Sudan's large oil reserves, which provided 98 percent of the government's revenues, may now be mobilized for war rather than peace and development. Humanitarian assistance recently helped avert a famine in South Sudan and many lives were saved. But development assistance can only have a lasting effect by supporting peace and political settlements. The developing partners, including China, EU and the USA, must support the regional peace initiatives led by neighboring Ethiopia and Kenya. International donors should also fund a regional peacekeeping force with a robust mandate from the UN. The international community must insist on a financial mechanism to ensure complete openness about South Sudan's oil revenues. Development assistance should support media promoting peace, bishops preaching reconciliation and civil society groups working across ethnic divides.
Countries must be in charge of their own development to be successful. Development assistance is most effective when it supports national leadership and aligns behind the government's priorities. The New Deal for Somalia generated 1.5 billion dollars in development assistance for security and judicial reform under the leadership of the government of Somalia. Aligning behind government leadership and supporting their priorities is the most effective way of providing development assistance. Somalia now seems on track to achieving more political and national stability. Somalis are feeling safer than a year ago, despite many remaining challenges. Thousands are returning from abroad to help rebuild the country as security has improved. As the former Somali finance Minister Suleiman always says -- Please use our state, otherwise the state will not grow stronger.
Development assistance can support state building and improve nation's abilities to mobilize their own domestic resources. When President Catherine Samba-Panza came to power in the Central African Republic after the brutal conflict in 2012-13, she had few tools at her disposal. Development assistance has allowed her government to start providing some services and pay salaries to teachers, doctors and public servants. But governments must be able to raise their own revenues and take charge of their own development. Domestic resources are by far the most important sources of development finance, even in very poor states. Developing countries spend around 1,200 billion dollars on education every year and only 13 of these billions come from development assistance. Even the least developed countries get more than twice as much in revenue from taxes as development assistance. Using development assistance to mobilize tax revenues helps finance human development and economic recovery, while at the same time building the state and strengthening the contract between the state and its citizens. Supporting tax administrations is a hugely effective way of mobilizing domestic resources and building a state. In the West Bank, a program allowed 60 municipalities to double their property tax collection over four years. A project assisting Kenya's tax administration returned more than thousand dollars for every one dollar invested.
More and better development assistance is needed for the least developed and fragile states. More development assistance should go to the countries most in need. Better development assistance must be used catalytically by promoting peace, supporting national leadership and mobilizing state building. The donors need to step up and use our aid much more strategically to assist peace processes and in the building of states. Leadership is the key to achieve this.
Follow Erik Solheim on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SolheimDAC
More:

Monsanto profit forecast trails estimates on corn pricesMonsanto profit forecast trails estimates on corn prices
Monsanto profit forecast trails estimates on corn prices
Monsanto forecast fiscal 2015 earnings that trailed analysts' expectations as tumbling grain prices leave farmers with less to spend.
Monsanto forecast fiscal 2015 earnings that trailed analysts' expectations as tumbling grain prices leave farmers with less to spend.

RBI examining banks  request to postpone debt recast norm deadlineRBI mulls extending debt recast deadline norms
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 12:25 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) was considering banks’ requests to extend the April 1, 2015, deadline to do away with regulatory forbearance on restructured advances, R Gandhi, deputy governor of the central bank, said on Wednesday.
Currently, banks have to make five per cent provisioning for standard restructured advances, compared with 15 per cent for sub-standard assets (the first level of a non-performing asset — when interest or principal is due for more than 90 days).
“Recently, we have received such a request from the banking system. We are examining this and will take a call,” Gandhi said on the sidelines of an event here.
As of March this year, stressed and restructured advances, as a proportion of gross advances, stood at 9.8 per cent, against 10.2 per cent in September 2013. Public sector banks continued to register the highest stressed advances, at 11.7 per cent of total advances, followed by old private banks, at 5.9 per cent. According to RBI data, gross non-performing advances, as percentage of total gross advances of the entire banking system, stood at four per cent in March this year, compared with 4.2 per cent in September 2013.
Following a July 2012 report on restructuring of advances by RBI Executive Director B Mahapatra, the central bank decided no regulatory leeway on debt restructuring would be provided to banks and all such recasts would be treated as non-performing assets from April 1, 2015.
Owing to a surge in non-performing assets through the past three years, pressure on bank’s profitability will increase if they have to treat restructured advances as non-performing assets.
R Gandhi also expressed concern on banks’ exposure to the infrastructure and housing sectors. These sectors, he said, accounted for a quarter of bank’s books. “We are very concerned about banks’ exposure beyond these levels,” he said.
According to RBI data, loans to the housing sector increased 18 per cent in 2013-14, while loans to commercial real estate rose 22.4 per cent.
Recently, the central bank had allowed banks to raise long-terms funds to finance affordable housing and infrastructure projects, for which banks will not have to maintain cash reserve ratio and statutory liquidity ratio; they will also be exempted from priority sector lending norms. The move was aimed at increasing the flow of resources to the infrastructure and housing sectors.
Gandhi said since these moves were announced in July, two banks had raised funds through long-term bonds. “On the one hand, we have to take care of banking sector health and, at the same time, we will have to support infrastructure. Natural growth will happen, but increasing the proportion beyond this might be a tall order,” he said.

Johnson Controls fires consultant following affair with CEOJohnson Controls fires consultant following affair with CEO
By Mark Clothier and Andrew Harris, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
SOUTHFIELD, Mich. — Johnson Controls Inc. fired a consulting firm after learning that one of its principals had an extramarital affair with Chief Executive Officer Alex Molinaroli.
Molinaroli, 55, told his family about his affair with Kristin Ihle, a 45-year-old psychologist, in late May, according to the transcript of a court hearing at which Ihle unsuccessfully sought a restraining order against the CEO's estranged wife. Ihle's Milwaukee company, which helps businesses with leader development and succession planning, had been working with auto supplier Johnson Controls for years, according the consulting firm's website.
"The board reviewed the referenced relationship and determined that no conflicts of interest occurred," Fraser Engerman, a Johnson Controls spokesman, said in an emailed statement. "To avoid any perception or potential future conflicts, management elected to terminate the consulting firm. Mr. Molinaroli continues in his role with full support of the board, and the company considers this matter to be closed."
0
Corporate directors are increasingly watchful of executive behavior because they are being held accountable for governance. In recent years, top executives at Best Buy and Lockheed Martin, among others, have lost their jobs after getting caught having a relationship with a subordinate. Even when boards find no conflict of interest, directors are more willing to take action because management can be distracted, or perceived as distracted, by affairs in the C-suite.
"Marital infidelity is not a new phenomenon," said Larry Hamermesh, a professor at Widener University's law school in Wilmington, Delaware, who specializes in corporate law. "What may be new is a sense of less tolerance of it in affecting business relationships. I think there's probably been some cultural evolution on that front and it's seeped into board rooms too."
Molinaroli was promoted chief executive a year ago after 30 years at a company that was once the largest U.S. auto supplier. Under his leadership, Milwaukee-based Johnson Controls is reducing its reliance on the cyclical car industry and refocusing efforts on its building-efficiency business. The company sold an auto-electronics business to Visteon Corp. in July, and plans to divest a unit providing facilities and energy management.
Ihle, who holds a doctorate in psychology, separated from her husband last year, according to a court transcript. The couple filed for divorce in July.
Ihle, a principal at Lichter & Ihle, told the restraining order hearing officer that she is the majority owner of the firm, which also provides executive coaching.
"Our firm reached an amicable separation with Johnson Controls and considers the matter closed," Ihle's company said in a statement provided by her lawyer, Tom Hayes.
In an earlier career, Ihle competed as a professional runner in track and cross-country events, including two world championships, and uses her athletic experience in her consulting work, according to her firm's website. Lichter & Ihle has worked for Johnson Controls for several years, according to a testimonial from a Johnson Controls executive on the site.
"The Lichter & Ihle team is an extension of our executive management team," the customer testimonial reads. "Over the years they have provided continuity and insight in the areas of leader and team development."
On May 29, Molinaroli's wife of 28 years, Patsy, 59, sent an email to Ihle: "I will destroy you, your family, and business just as you have done to me," according to the transcript of the hearing.
Later that day, while her husband was absent, Patsy Molinaroli fired a .38 caliber pistol at least four times in their Brookfield, Wisconsin, home, according to the criminal complaint. She also smashed window panes, a Pac Man arcade game and a china cabinet, leaving holes consistent with an aluminum baseball bat found in the kitchen, according to the complaint.
The Brookfield police charged Patsy Molinaroli with two counts of disorderly conduct. She pleaded not guilty on June 4 and is scheduled to appear in Waukesha County criminal court Nov. 12. Her lawyer, Mark Pecora, didn't respond to phone and email messages seeking comment on the case.
The day after receiving Patsy Molinaroli's email, Ihle sought a restraining order. The Milwaukee County hearing officer who heard the women's testimony two weeks later, on June 12, concluded there was no further threat warranting court intervention and denied Ihle's bid for a more lasting injunction, according to the transcript. Patsy Molinaroli filed for divorce June 23.
_ Harris reported from federal court in Chicago.

New Manhattan Project Director Documents ReleasedKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

We must save the euro from governmentsOctober 8, 2014 9:33 am
Europe’s leaders need to back shift on rules on public investment
By Mario Monti
More flexibility for countries is required to promote growth, writes Mario Monti
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba9cd208-4d5e-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

State Farm may use drones to process some claimsState Farm considering use of drones
State Farm headquarters
State Farm headquarters in Bloomington.
State Farm headquarters in Bloomington.
State Farm, like insurance rival USAA, considers using drones
Midland State Bancorp to open new Joliet branch as part of fair lending settlement
Chicago-based firm that invests in Israel technology companies seeks to raise $75 million
Bloomington, Ill.-based State Farm, the nation's biggest home and auto insurer, said it's considering using drones.
Last week, rival USAA sought permission from the Federal Aviation Administration to research the use of a drone that the insurer said would improve its ability to process claims in disaster-stricken areas.
"Property and casualty insurers play a major role in funding the restoration of businesses and communities after major incidents, and the integration of unmanned aircraft into USAA's operations will have immediate, positive effects on the lives of Americans and the business community," the insurer said in a letter to the FAA last week. It also cited safety factors.
State Farm, too, is "exploring a number of emerging technologies, including unmanned aerial systems, that have the potential to help us better serve our customers," spokeswoman Missy Dundov told the Tribune Friday in response to a query about USAA's plans. She declined to elaborate, citing the industry's "competitive nature."
0
Open for business: Midland States Bancorp will open a branch in Joliet and step up mortgage, home-repair and multifamily housing lending in northern Illinois, central Illinois and St. Louis to help resolve allegations it avoided doing business in mostly minority neighborhoods.
The settlement is the result of a housing discrimination complaint filed by the Metropolitan St. Louis Equal Housing and Opportunity Council. The agreement was announced by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Midland, with $1.8 billion in assets, was founded in 1881. Until recent years, the Effingham, Ill.-based institution was largely a rural lender, said Midland lawyer Douglas Tucker.
"The question of diversity was whether someone had John Deere or Caterpillar," he said. In recent years, in part because it bought failed banks, Midland entered new markets.
"We've only been in those markets a relatively short period of time," Tucker said of the areas where it must beef up its services to minorities.
"We're excited about opening our second branch in the Joliet area," he said, noting that it would be downtown.
Around the world: Chicago-based Amiti Ventures, which invests in Israeli technology companies, plans to raise $75 million for its second fund, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing. Amiti was founded in 2010 and focuses on early- and late-stage companies in the semiconductor, cybersecurity, big data and mobile sectors. Its website lists seven portfolio companies.
Give a little bit: Fifth Third Bank is underwriting the cost of pet adoptions for veterans at Chicago's Anti-Cruelty Society on Oct. 27.
Adoption fees will be waived up to a total of $2,500 on the "Pets for Vets" day. The shelter's adoption fees generally range from $60 to $85 for cats and $95 to $170 for dogs.
If adoptions exceed the bank's $2,500 donation, a discount of 17.76 percent will be offered to each veteran adopting an animal that day.

Pakistan violates ceasefire again in Jammu and KashmirPakistan violates ceasefire again in Jammu and Kashmir
Oreva Group to invest Rs 50 cr to manufacture LED lightsOreva Group to invest Rs 50 cr to manufacture LED lights
CIL divestment after Diwali  says ministry officialCIL divestment after Diwali  says ministry official
Two more die in Pakistan firing  PM says things will be fine (Intro-Roundup)Two more die in Pakistan firing  PM says things will be fine (Intro-Roundup)
How mainstreaming bitcoin makes it more like Wall StreetFuture of Finance
October 8, 2014
A few days ago we noted that it isn’t a good sign for the nascent bitcoin industry that transaction volume—a decent proxy for use of the currency—has been pretty stagnant lately:
Share
Tap image to zoom
That data is surprisingly accessible thanks to the way bitcoin works—all transactions are recorded into the blockchain, part of the ever-expanding log of computational problem-solving at the heart of the crypto-currency’s technology. But one reader noted an important exception : This doesn’t measure an increasing  amount of bitcoin activity going on “off the chain.”
How does that work? Well, more and more bitcoin services are hanging onto their users’ bitcoins and executing transactions behind the scenes. Think of it like a bank: The money in your checking account isn’t actually in some separate box at your financial institution; the bank keeps track of what’s yours by noting the amount in its books. If you transfer money to another customer at the bank, the banks just adjusts its records. Start-ups like Coinbase and Circle that are attempting to make bitcoin mainstream do much the same thing  with transfers between customers.
That’s one important way that increasing bitcoin use wouldn’t show up in the chart above. Other reasons for doing off-the-chain transactions include cost (you don’t have to pay the small fee needed to verify transactions that are in the blockchain) and speed (creating blocks in the blockchain can sometimes take a while , although Gavin Andresen, the chief scientist at the Bitcoin Foundation and an adviser at Coinbase, has proposed a major expansion of bitcoin’s processing capability to allow it to scale up more efficiently).
Off-the-chain transactions remain  controversial in the bitcoin community because they rob the system of its great advantages: Instead of relying on a decentralized network to securely and transparently verify transactions, the records are centralized at an opaque point and rely on someone else’s security. You need a lot of trust for that, as we learned during the Mt. Gox crash: The reason people lost bitcoins when the company crashed is they relied on Mt. Gox to hold their money  for them, rather than following the somewhat cumbersome procedures needed to secure bitcoins themselves. Mt. Gox got hacked, wound up insolvent, and anything that was off the chain disappeared.
Which brings us to Marc Andreesen, whose venture capital firm led a multimillion-dollar investment round in Coinbase. In a recent interview  with Bloomberg on the promise of tech innovation to improve banking, he extolled bitcoin’s virtues:
In a bitcoin world, things like the Target hack are not possible. The way a digital currency works is that it lines up the incentives to protect yourself with the consequences of failing to protect yourself. Bitcoin is a digital-bearer instrument: If you have the numbers on the coins, you own the coins. You can make payments without having to give any information about yourself, and everyone can double-check their transactions. If someone hacked into Target, they would be able to steal all of Target’s money—but they wouldn’t be able to steal your money.
He’s right—but you don’t have the numbers on the coins when you’re relying on off-the-chain transactions. You aren’t using a digital-bearer instrument, the same as a credit card is not a bearer instrument like a dollar of cash. When consumers and merchants use companies like Coinbase and Circle, they are relying not just on bitcoin’s security and open ledger, but on the security measures taken by the company to protect its private database. Even if the security technology is amazing, it makes off-the-chain transactions no different, conceptually, from what any Wall Street bank with a payments business uses when processing payments for a company like Target. Except, as Andreesen notes, it dodges the costs—and benefits—of regulation.
Share this:

NSG submits report to MHA  calls it alapsePrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:05 am
The National Security Guard (NSG) has submitted a report to the Home Ministry conceding there was a lapse on its part to have left a stun grenade on the Air India plane kept on standby for Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s US visit. The NSG said in the report that the grenade used in anti-riot operations was left behind “inadvertently” by the 52 Special Action Group (SAG) unit while performing the counter- hijack drill on September 26.
The plane did commercial sorties after the incident, but the grenade never came to the notice of Air India officials. Sources said disciplinary action has been initiated against the commandos who were part of the drill.
Since the incident involved the Prime Minister’s security, the Home Ministry had asked NSG to submit a report on the matter. The Civil Aviation Ministry has formed a committee comprising Air India joint managing director and joint secretary of Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS), which is also conducting its own investigation into the incident.
“The SAG group consists of highly trained commandos who have been drawn from the Indian Army. Such a callous attitude shall not be tolerated. It was an error but when it comes to PM’s security such minute errors also do not have any place,” said a senior MHA official. Officials said they would revise the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) of the anti-hijack drill and try to make it foolproof.
The Boeing B-747 aircraft – AI 965 was stationed at the IGI airport and was on standby for the PM during his US visit. It was sanitised once again by the airline staff after it was to fly for commercial operation on the Mumbai-Hyderabad-Jeddah route.
Soon after the stun grenade was discovered by officials at Jeddah airport on October 4, Air India had said the “grenade” was a plastic cover. Civil Aviation Minister A Gajapati Raju, however, called it a security failure.

3 Win Chemistry Nobel for Super-Zoom MicroscopesKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Street Talk: AMAT  CMI  CCOI  SIMO & RUSHAstreet talk: amat  cmi  ccoi  simo & rusha
Wall St. jumps 1 percent after Fed minutesS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Nobel Prize for chemistry: Award for seeing how life works at molecular levelNobel Prize for chemistry: Award for seeing how life works at molecular level
RBI rejig Rajan names 3 new exec directorsRBI rejig Rajan names 3 new exec directors
Infosys co-founder Kris Gopalakrishnan bids farewellHi Guest
Infosys co-founder Kris Gopalakrishnan bids farewell
Image: Infosys Founders Kris Gopalakrishna and N R Narayanmurthy at the farewell event of Krish at the company's headquarters in Bangalore. Photograph: Shailendra Bhojak/PTI Kris Gopalakrishnan, the last among its founders to leave Infosys, was given a farewell at the company headquarters where co-founder N R Narayana Murthy said he had no regrets about his controversial second come back. "I have no regrets at all. Life is about doing certain things and not doing certain things. At ...

France supports creation of buffer zone between Syria  TurkeyFrance supports creation of buffer zone between Syria  Turkey
Railways  Revenue earnings up by over 12 per centRailways  Revenue earnings up by over 12 per cent
L&T Infra Finance to launch realty fundL&T Infra Finance to launch realty fund
Abhineet Kumar | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 12:20 AM IST
L&T Infra Finance Private Equity, which is in the process of raising a total of Rs 3,750 crore in an overseas fund and a domestic fund, plans to launch a real estate fund, too. The first two funds will focus on infrastructure assets such as power, roads and renewable energy.
The infrastructure financing non-banking financial company's latest move comes on the back of building a Rs 14,800-crore loan book in the past eight years.
In 2002-12, private spending in infrastructure was to the tune of Rs 9.3-lakh crore. On a debt-equity ratio of 70:30, currently, Rs 2.8-lakh crore worth of risk capital is at work. These assets are largely operational and form a pipeline for capital recycling through replacement of investors.
"We are overwhelmed with the opportunity there; we have a good pipeline for investments," says Suneet K Maheshwari, group executive vice-president of L& T Finance Holdings and director - L&T Infra Finance, overseeing the PE initiative.
Private fund managers usually operate in three areas - private equity, infrastructure and real estate. L&T Infra's strategy is to first get into infrastructure, which offers the best opportunity, and then to the next big opportunity - real estate.
The company plans to start the process of raising the real estate fund after the closure of first two funds. The size of the real-estate fund is still not known. For the domestic fund, it has already raised Rs 500 crore from the first round of subscribers and it is doing the second round of subscription for Rs 250 crore. After that, it wants to get into overseas fund-raising for Rs 3,000 crore. Both the funds are going to be for 10 years.
The firm has already got the core team of about a dozen members in place, which will be further increased once the fund-raising is over. "We have made two initial commitments so far. We will start doing more once we have the size of the fund in sight," says Maheshwari.
In July Piramal Enterprises committed $1 billion in a tie-up with Dutch pension fund APG Asset Management for investment in the infrastructure sector. L&T, along with other home-grown private fund managers IL&FS, and IDFC Alternatives, is looking to raise about $2.5 billion over the next six-to-eight months.
Besides, another $2.5 billion is expected to be dedicated for India out of the estimated $7.5 billion currently getting raised by global fund managers such as Morgan Stanley Infrastructure, KKR & Co and J P Morgan Chase & Co for their global infrastructure investment funds. When contacted, Morgan Stanley declined to comment.
REFINANCING IN INFRA
L&T Infra Finance Private Equity is raising an overseas fund and a domestic fund
It will invest in infrastructure assets like power, roads, renewable energy
Between 2002 and 2012, Rs 2.8-lakh crore of risk capital was deployed in infra
These operational assets form a pipeline for capital recycling; secondary deals
L&T Infra also plans to raise a realty fund after the closure of these two funds

Tough market awaits fund managers with new fund-raising plansTough market awaits fund managers with new fund-raising plans
Reghu Balakrishnan | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 12:19 AM IST
Hoping to ride on the "Modi wave", a clutch of private equity (PE) firms are in the market for fund-raising. Some of them have already deployed 70-80 per cent of their first fund and are in talks for the second round of raising funds. Although general partners (GPs or fund managers) believe their reputation and the balanced portfolio from the first fund will help them, experts say limited partners (LPs or global investors) have not yet changed their view on the Indian market.
GPs such as Renuka Ramnath, Ajay Relan and Sameer Sain had made soft-launch of their new funds recently.
Charles Daugherty, managing partner, Stanwich Advisors, a US-based firm that helps GPs in raising funds, said: "The recent win by (Narendra) Modi is perceived by many as a positive. Many investors are taking another look at India. All these investors were very disappointed with the performance of their Indian managers. Most still need further evidence that the real change is coming."
Multiples Alternate Asset Management, a PE firm floated by Renuka Ramnath, is in the process of raising $500 million for its second fund. Multiples had raised its maiden $405-million fund in 2010 and deployed $315 million so far in companies such as Arvind, Cholamandalam Investment and Finance, DelhiVery, Indian Energy Exchange, PVR, South India Bank, Sara Sae, Vikram Hospital, among others.
Ramnath, managing director and CEO of Multiples, believes LPs are still excited about India as an investment destination. "LPs are excited about India from a macroeconomic perspective. However, they are cautious about whom to entrust the money to, primarily because there are concerns around the number of profitable exits being made."
Multiples has made 10 investments and made profitable partial exits in two of the portfolio companies.
Ajay Relan-led CX Partners, which had raised $515 million in its maiden fund, raised a new mezzanine fund last year. CX Partners have also made a soft launch for its $400-million second fund. Private equity firm Everstone Capital, which has launched Everstone Capital Partners III LP to raise $600 million, has received commitments worth $50 million from International Finance Corporation.
Vikram Hosangady, national leader (private equity) at KPMG India, said: "Most LPs will be far more cautious on allocation than before, but fund managers with a good reputation and good investment philosophy will attract funds. It is likely to take longer and the role of LPs in the fund may also be more active than in the earlier cycle."
Change in investment strategies also got backfired to the GPs, say experts. "PE fund managers have also shifted their investment strategies from when they initially raised their funds and, therefore, may be criticised for strategy drift. They may have raised their funds to focus on growth and have invested in real estate, venture, cross border and passive PIPE (private investment in public equity) transactions or public securities," said Daugherty of Stanwich Advisors.
Compared to 2012, which saw 53 funds being launched with a corpus of $3.2 billion, 36 funds were launched in 2013 with a corpus of $2.9 billion - a decline of 10 per cent. There is a growth in fund size in 2014, where $3 billion has been raised till date through 28 funds.

Hold Britains banks to higher standardsHold Britain’s banks to higher standards
New rules on personal accountability are tough but necessary
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4468bd8a-4edb-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola Worries Help Hand Dow Triple-Digit Lossebola worries help hand dow triple-digit loss
Net direct tax collections up 7 per centNEW DELHI, October 7, 2014
Updated: October 7, 2014 22:01 IST
Net direct tax collections up 7 per cent
PTI
taxes and duties
Net direct tax collections have risen only by 7.09 per cent to Rs.2.69 lakh crore in the first six months of the current fiscal from Rs.2.51 lakh crore in the same period in the previous year, the Finance Ministry said in a statement.
Gross direct tax collections were, however, up 15 per cent at Rs.3.46 lakh crore during the April-September period of 2014-15 fiscal, as against Rs.3.01 lakh crore a year-ago, the statement added.
The government has fixed the direct tax collections target of over Rs.7.36 lakh crore for 2014-15, which is 15 per cent higher than the last fiscal’s revised estimates.
Gross collections of corporate taxes increased by 15.31 per cent to Rs.2.22 lakh crore during April-September from Rs.1.93 lakh crore in the year-ago period, the statement said.
Gross collections of personal income tax, including STT and wealth tax, were up by 14.37 per cent at Rs.1.24 lakh crore in the first six months of the current fiscal, from Rs.1.08 lakh crore in the year-ago period.
Advance tax collections have shown a growth of 15.28 per cent during the first half of the year as against the growth of 7.66 per cent shown at the same time previous year, the statement said.
Growth in tax deduction at source (TDS) is 9.47 per cent in April-September of 2014-15 as against 14.22 per cent in the same period last year.

Coming soon: The 3-D printed carThe myth of premium petrol
Fewer parts, greater flexibility
In September, the Phoenix, Arizona-based manufacturer of low-volume, crowd-sourced automobile designs moved the industry down the line just a bit further with the Strati, a full-size 3-D printed car. Though it took years to conceive, the Strati was printed on the floor of the International Manufacturing Technology Show in Chicago in just two days. Nearly everything but the electronics, powertrain and suspension was layered together using a fast-drying carbon fibre-infused plastic. The Strati, with fewer than 50 parts, was then assembled in two days.
As impressive as the Strati is on its own merits, the implications of its manufacture are even greater.
Alex Chausovsky, an analyst for at the industry forecasting firm IHS, said the Strati – and 3-D printing more broadly – can be a disruptive force in the auto industry. "The most significant impact of the Strati is that it challenges the status quo of automotive manufacturing,” he said. “It showed that it’s no longer necessary to produce vehicles from tens of thousands of parts using sophisticated and costly assembly lines."
Local Motors executive Justin Fishkin said 3-D printing has the potential to dramatically decrease the lifespan of any given passenger car design, freeing manufacturers to respond to market trends more nimbly. "We won't be on six- or seven-year model times," he said.
Adapting what already exists
The utility of 3-D printing is well-known in the auto industry. In 2013, Ford Motor used a 3-D printer to create an intake manifold prototype, at a cost of $3,000 to the company, whereas it would have otherwise spent $500,000 and considerably more time to prototype a manifold using traditional tooling.
(Ford Motor)
The Strati, however, is on an order of magnitude more ambitious.
"Although rapid prototyping is still the major focus… in the automotive sector, there are some glimpses of a much bigger potential impact," IHS analyst Chausovsky said. He went on to cite the Swedish-made Koenigsegg One:1 hypercar, which contains a 3-D-printed variable turbo housing to improve response time and low-end torque, as well as a titanium-printed exhaust end piece.
The One:1 hypercar's exhaust end piece was fabricated using a 3-D printer. (Koenigsegg)
Chausovsky noted that 3-D-printing speeds are doubling about every 18-24 months, and over the next decade materials such as stainless steel, aluminium, titanium and carbon fibre composite will be the fastest-growing areas for industrial 3-D printing.
Knock-on benefits
One of biggest upsides to 3-D automotive printing is the savings from sourcing materials right where the car will be driven.  
"Although the environmental implications of 3-D printing are still being studied, it’s clear that using fewer materials and localising production closer to the end-use markets are both very environmentally friendly practices," Chausovsky said.
Other environmental benefits of localised 3-D printing include the elimination of some carbon emissions that would result from transporting products to production facilities. As its name suggests, Local Motors champions this aspect of vehicle production. "The 3-D printer allows us to print locally, to run on local fuel," Fishkin said.
Customers could potentially walk into a Local Motors micro-factory (Fishkin says the company plans to build 50 over the next five years) and choose body styles, colours, tires and powertrain that fit their needs – an approach more in line with a cafeteria than an automotive assembly plant. "It gives the power back to the consumer as to what fuel they want to run on," Fishkin said.
Next steps for automotive printing
Fishkin is justifiably bullish about the automotive applications of 3-D printing, and has had no shortage of carmakers approaching him ("I'd have trouble telling you one that hasn't," he said) to talk shop. IHS’s Chausovsky notes that while the benefits of 3-D printing for the auto industry are clear, it would still take time for widespread adoption to take hold. But the likely benefits should be worth the wait.
"Because of the potential weight savings impacting fuel efficiency of vehicles, and the unlimited complexity of design that 3-D printing allows, it will be as revolutionary for the automotive industry as Ford’s assembly line process was," he said.
If Local Motors has anything to do with it, a 3-D printed horizon is closer than even the rosiest industry forecast would suggest.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

International Monetary FundBirla Sun Life International Equity Fund announces dividend
Nov 24, 2014 at 19:26 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Birla Sun Life International Equity Fund - Plan A announces dividend, the record date for dividend is November 27, 2014.
Global business confidence plunges to post-crisis low
Nov 24, 2014 at 09:02 | Source: CNBC
The tri-annual survey, published on Monday, looked at expectations for the year ahead across 6,100 manufacturing and services companies worldwide.
Gold rises as dollar drops, breaks four-day drop
Nov 05, 2014 at 08:20 | Source: Reuters
The yellow metal was supported as the dollar dropped against the euro on a report citing internal tensions within the European Central Bank over the leadership style of its chief, Mario Draghi, that has the markets expecting limits on future loosening of monetary policy.
'India to be big contributor to global growth in 2015'
Oct 22, 2014 at 20:21 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an exclusive interaction with CNBC-TV18, Gunit Chadha of Deutsche Bank said he expects seven out of 10 big nations to grow faster in 2015 relative to 2014.
Arvind Subramanian named India's new Chief Economic Advisor
Oct 16, 2014 at 17:25 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Subramanian whose work experience includes working with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has also taught at the Harvard and John Hopkins University.
World markets on edge after worst turmoil in four years
Oct 16, 2014 at 15:02 | Source: Reuters
"Markets are likely to be picking up the pieces today and trying to work out where we go from here," said Rabobank strategist Michael Every.
Fund manager sentiment most bearish in 2 years
Oct 14, 2014 at 18:29 | Source: CNBC
Emerging market stocks, US small caps and oil are all in correction territory, having fallen 10 percent or more, and for the week ended October 8, nearly USD 13 billion came out of equity funds according to BlackRock.
Here's why your portfolio needs 'gold'en touch this Diwali
Oct 14, 2014 at 14:59 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
The current gold prices are in the range of Rs 27,000 per ten grams in India. We recommend buying in at Rs 26,500 levels and holding delivery. In the current circumstances.
Stocks reverse losses but markets wary over growth
Oct 13, 2014 at 17:37 | Source: Reuters
Chinese trade data eased fears of slowdown in the world's second-largest economy, showing exports grew 15.4 percent year-on-year in September and exports rose 6 percent in value, both ahead of market expectations. But broader concerns about global growth remained.
Need to see signs of invst freeing up again: Richard Jerram
Oct 13, 2014 at 10:43 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Jerram, the IIP data showed a volatile set of numbers. He feels the hope and promise of reforms may reinvigorate some stalled projects in 6-12 months
Global business confidence plunges to post-crisis low
Nov 24, 2014 at 09:02 | Source: CNBC
The tri-annual survey, published on Monday, looked at expectations for the year ahead across 6,100 manufacturing and services companies worldwide.
Birla Sun Life International Equity Fund announces dividend
Nov 24, 2014 at 19:26 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Birla Sun Life International Equity Fund - Plan A announces dividend, the record date for dividend is November 27, 2014.
Gold rises as dollar drops, breaks four-day drop
Nov 05, 2014 at 08:20 | Source: Reuters
The yellow metal was supported as the dollar dropped against the euro on a report citing internal tensions within the European Central Bank over the leadership style of its chief, Mario Draghi, that has the markets expecting limits on future loosening of monetary policy.
'India to be big contributor to global growth in 2015'
Oct 22, 2014 at 20:21 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an exclusive interaction with CNBC-TV18, Gunit Chadha of Deutsche Bank said he expects seven out of 10 big nations to grow faster in 2015 relative to 2014.
World markets on edge after worst turmoil in four years
Oct 16, 2014 at 15:02 | Source: Reuters
"Markets are likely to be picking up the pieces today and trying to work out where we go from here," said Rabobank strategist Michael Every.
Arvind Subramanian named India's new Chief Economic Advisor
Oct 16, 2014 at 17:25 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Subramanian whose work experience includes working with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has also taught at the Harvard and John Hopkins University.
Here's why your portfolio needs 'gold'en touch this Diwali
Oct 14, 2014 at 14:59 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
The current gold prices are in the range of Rs 27,000 per ten grams in India. We recommend buying in at Rs 26,500 levels and holding delivery. In the current circumstances.
Fund manager sentiment most bearish in 2 years
Oct 14, 2014 at 18:29 | Source: CNBC
Emerging market stocks, US small caps and oil are all in correction territory, having fallen 10 percent or more, and for the week ended October 8, nearly USD 13 billion came out of equity funds according to BlackRock.
Need to see signs of invst freeing up again: Richard Jerram
Oct 13, 2014 at 10:43 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Jerram, the IIP data showed a volatile set of numbers. He feels the hope and promise of reforms may reinvigorate some stalled projects in 6-12 months
Stocks reverse losses but markets wary over growth
Oct 13, 2014 at 17:37 | Source: Reuters
Chinese trade data eased fears of slowdown in the world's second-largest economy, showing exports grew 15.4 percent year-on-year in September and exports rose 6 percent in value, both ahead of market expectations. But broader concerns about global growth remained.
Videos »

Mahindra and MahindraMinor twist in Kotak-ING deal
Nov 24, 2014 at 21:39 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Voting cap means both Kotak and ING need more public support than they would have for this deal to go through. The deal is done under the Banking Regulation Act and not the Companies Act.
Sebi seeks details of share trades in ING Vysya Bk
Nov 24, 2014 at 20:00 | Source: CNBC-TV18
There have been reports that while Kotak's stock price rose about twice as much as the banking index in the month before the deal was announced, ING Vysya's gains were more than three times the sectoral index.
Kotak expects major global cooperation boost from ING deal
Nov 24, 2014 at 18:09 | Source: PTI
Post the merger, Dutch financial services giant ING would become a shareholder in the merged entity with 6.5 percent stake and would remain invested for minimum one year.
Nov 24, 2014 at 11:11 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Anita Arjundas, MD & CEO, Mahindra Lifespace feels that Land Acquisition is important to achieve dedicated freight corridors.
Stock market prediction for Nov 24-28: Satish Gupta
Nov 24, 2014 at 11:05 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
According to Satish Gupta of astrostocktips, banking/financial sector will be getting astrological support and advises buying LIC Housing Finance, YES Bank, IDBI Bank, Repco Home Finance, GRUH Finance, State Bank of India, Dewan Housing Finance Corporation and City Union Bank on every dip.
Prefer Cyient, Mindtree, AB Nuvo, TCS: Parag Thakkar
Nov 24, 2014 at 10:42 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Parag Thakkar of HDFC Securities is of the view that one may prefer Cyient, Mindtree, AB Nuvo, TCS and Tech Mahindra.
Here are Parag Thakkar's few trading ideas
Nov 24, 2014 at 09:47 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch the interview of Parag Thakkar of HDFC Securities with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Check Out: Top chart picks for November 24
Nov 24, 2014 at 08:14 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi of Sharekhan suggests buying Larsen and Toubro with target of Rs 1740 and BHEL with a target of Rs 270.
India approves USD 2.6 bn mounted gun purchase: Official
Nov 23, 2014 at 14:31 | Source: Reuters
India, already the world's largest arms importer, is in the midst of a USD 100 billion defence upgrade. In October, the new government approved long-delayed projects worth USD 13 billion to modernise hardware and boost the domestic defence industry.
ING Vysya Bank's joint press release on merger
Nov 22, 2014 at 11:52 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ING Vysya Bank has submitted a copy of joint press release regarding Kotak Mahindra Bank and ING Vysya Bank announce merger.
Minor twist in Kotak-ING deal
Nov 24, 2014 at 21:39 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Voting cap means both Kotak and ING need more public support than they would have for this deal to go through. The deal is done under the Banking Regulation Act and not the Companies Act.
Sebi seeks details of share trades in ING Vysya Bk
Nov 24, 2014 at 20:00 | Source: CNBC-TV18
There have been reports that while Kotak's stock price rose about twice as much as the banking index in the month before the deal was announced, ING Vysya's gains were more than three times the sectoral index.
Kotak expects major global cooperation boost from ING deal
Nov 24, 2014 at 18:09 | Source: PTI
Post the merger, Dutch financial services giant ING would become a shareholder in the merged entity with 6.5 percent stake and would remain invested for minimum one year.
Check Out: Top chart picks for November 24
Nov 24, 2014 at 08:14 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi of Sharekhan suggests buying Larsen and Toubro with target of Rs 1740 and BHEL with a target of Rs 270.
Nov 24, 2014 at 11:11 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Anita Arjundas, MD & CEO, Mahindra Lifespace feels that Land Acquisition is important to achieve dedicated freight corridors.
Stock market prediction for Nov 24-28: Satish Gupta
Nov 24, 2014 at 11:05 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
According to Satish Gupta of astrostocktips, banking/financial sector will be getting astrological support and advises buying LIC Housing Finance, YES Bank, IDBI Bank, Repco Home Finance, GRUH Finance, State Bank of India, Dewan Housing Finance Corporation and City Union Bank on every dip.
Prefer Cyient, Mindtree, AB Nuvo, TCS: Parag Thakkar
Nov 24, 2014 at 10:42 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Parag Thakkar of HDFC Securities is of the view that one may prefer Cyient, Mindtree, AB Nuvo, TCS and Tech Mahindra.
Here are Parag Thakkar's few trading ideas
Nov 24, 2014 at 09:47 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Watch the interview of Parag Thakkar of HDFC Securities with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
India approves USD 2.6 bn mounted gun purchase: Official
Nov 23, 2014 at 14:31 | Source: Reuters
India, already the world's largest arms importer, is in the midst of a USD 100 billion defence upgrade. In October, the new government approved long-delayed projects worth USD 13 billion to modernise hardware and boost the domestic defence industry.
ING Vysya Bank's joint press release on merger
Nov 22, 2014 at 11:52 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ING Vysya Bank has submitted a copy of joint press release regarding Kotak Mahindra Bank and ING Vysya Bank announce merger.
Videos »

Cera Sanitaryware Ltd.CRISIL reiterates Cera Sanitaryware`s fair value to Rs 1406
Oct 28, 2014 at 16:06 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CRISIL Research has come out with its report on Cera Sanitaryware. The research firm reiterats Cera Sanitaryware's fair value to Rs 1,406. However, maintained the fundamental grade of 4/5.
See 50-60% return in Can Fin Homes: Devang Mehta
Oct 07, 2014 at 16:39 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Devang Mehta, Senior Vice President & Head Equity Advisory at Anand Rathi Financial Services feels that Can Fin Homes may give 50-60 percent return in next 1.5-2 years.
Oct 07, 2014 at 15:56 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Anand Rathi suggests buying Cera Sanitaryware and Kajaria Ceramics as a clear proxy play of sanitation items.
Cera Sanitaryware: Outcome of board meeting
Oct 07, 2014 at 15:31 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cera Sanitaryware Ltd has informed BSE that the meeting of Board of Directors of the Company held on October 07, 2014.
Cera Sanitary at record high on 48% YoY growth in Q2 profit
Oct 07, 2014 at 15:26 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bathroom solutions provider reported a whopping 48.1 percent growth in second quarter (July-September) net profit at Rs 15.7 crore. Profit in the year-ago period was Rs 10.6 crore.
Cera Sanitaryware expects FY15 topline to grow by 32-33%
Oct 07, 2014 at 15:07 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Bathroom solutions provider Cera Sanitaryware has reported a whopping 48.1 percent growth in second quarter (July-September) net profit at Rs 15.7 crore.
Cera Sanitaryware Q2 net profit jumps 48% to Rs 15.7 cr
Oct 07, 2014 at 13:09 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Net sales grew by 25.8 percent to Rs 199.6 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 from Rs 158.7 crore in same quarter last year.
Govt's 'Clean India' drive to push biz prospects: Cera
Aug 20, 2014 at 14:42 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Last year, the company increased its capacity to 2.7 million and it expects to operate plant at more than 100 percent capacity this year. Kothari says whatever the company is producing, it is managing to sell. It plans to increase capacity further to 3.2 million pieces by next year.
CRISIL assigns valuation grade of 3/5 to Cera Sanitaryware
Aug 19, 2014 at 17:01 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CRISIL Research has come out with its report on Cera Sanitaryware. The research firm has assigned a valuation grade of 3/5 to the company. However, retained its fundamental grade of 4/5.
Cera Sanitaryware on the right track, says CRISIL Research
Aug 06, 2014 at 16:21 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CRISIL Research has revised Cera Sanitaryware's fair value to Rs 1,075 from Rs 903. However, has maintained the fundamental grade of 4/5 to the company. The company is on the right track says the research firm.
CRISIL reiterates Cera Sanitaryware`s fair value to Rs 1406
Oct 28, 2014 at 16:06 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CRISIL Research has come out with its report on Cera Sanitaryware. The research firm reiterats Cera Sanitaryware's fair value to Rs 1,406. However, maintained the fundamental grade of 4/5.
Cera Sanitaryware: Outcome of board meeting
Oct 07, 2014 at 15:31 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cera Sanitaryware Ltd has informed BSE that the meeting of Board of Directors of the Company held on October 07, 2014.
Cera Sanitaryware expects FY15 topline to grow by 32-33%
Oct 07, 2014 at 15:07 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Bathroom solutions provider Cera Sanitaryware has reported a whopping 48.1 percent growth in second quarter (July-September) net profit at Rs 15.7 crore.
Cera Sanitary at record high on 48% YoY growth in Q2 profit
Oct 07, 2014 at 15:26 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bathroom solutions provider reported a whopping 48.1 percent growth in second quarter (July-September) net profit at Rs 15.7 crore. Profit in the year-ago period was Rs 10.6 crore.
See 50-60% return in Can Fin Homes: Devang Mehta
Oct 07, 2014 at 16:39 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Devang Mehta, Senior Vice President & Head Equity Advisory at Anand Rathi Financial Services feels that Can Fin Homes may give 50-60 percent return in next 1.5-2 years.
Cera Sanitaryware Q2 net profit jumps 48% to Rs 15.7 cr
Oct 07, 2014 at 13:09 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Net sales grew by 25.8 percent to Rs 199.6 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 from Rs 158.7 crore in same quarter last year.
Oct 07, 2014 at 15:56 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Anand Rathi suggests buying Cera Sanitaryware and Kajaria Ceramics as a clear proxy play of sanitation items.
Govt's 'Clean India' drive to push biz prospects: Cera
Aug 20, 2014 at 14:42 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Last year, the company increased its capacity to 2.7 million and it expects to operate plant at more than 100 percent capacity this year. Kothari says whatever the company is producing, it is managing to sell. It plans to increase capacity further to 3.2 million pieces by next year.
CRISIL assigns valuation grade of 3/5 to Cera Sanitaryware
Aug 19, 2014 at 17:01 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CRISIL Research has come out with its report on Cera Sanitaryware. The research firm has assigned a valuation grade of 3/5 to the company. However, retained its fundamental grade of 4/5.
Cera Sanitaryware on the right track, says CRISIL Research
Aug 06, 2014 at 16:21 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CRISIL Research has revised Cera Sanitaryware's fair value to Rs 1,075 from Rs 903. However, has maintained the fundamental grade of 4/5 to the company. The company is on the right track says the research firm.
Videos »

Asian Development BankNov 24, 2014 at 14:05 | Source: CNBC
Several Asian economies will be on GDP-watch this week, including India, the Philippines, Taiwan and Singapore.
Buy IRB Infra, Federal Bank, Idea Cellular: Meghna Malkan
Nov 24, 2014 at 12:25 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Meghna V Malkan of malkansview.com is of the view that one can buy JSW Energy for a target price of Rs 88 and Idea Cellular for a target price of Rs 179.
Bull's Eye: Buy SpiceJet, Titagarh Wagons, IRB Infra
Nov 24, 2014 at 08:49 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Pankaj Jain of Sunteck Wealthmax advises buying SpiceJet with a target price of Rs 17.65 and Man Industries with a target price of Rs 87.50.
Top 7 companies add Rs 44,044 crore to investor wealth
Nov 23, 2014 at 13:14 | Source: PTI
The m-cap of SBI surged Rs 19,563.95 crore to Rs 2,27,742.12 crore, the biggest rise among top-10 blue-chips.
Nov 20, 2014 at 12:17 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush recommends buying ING Vysya Bank and IRB Infra.
Do not short Nifty today; buy Wipro, ICICI Bank: Sukhani
Nov 20, 2014 at 09:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
For Bank Nifty our stop loss was 17500, that it still holds so you hold on to your positions, says Sukhani.
Bull's eye: Buy NIIT, Bajaj Corp, Jindal SAW, IRB Infra
Nov 20, 2014 at 08:41 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush recommends buying Allcargo Logistics for a target price of Rs 350 and Jindal SAW for a target price of Rs 104.
ADB approves $350 mn for upgradation of roads in MP
Nov 19, 2014 at 16:29 | Source: PTI
The project will upgrade 1,600 kilometres of major district roads in the state through lane widening, surface improvements, and strengthening of culverts and bridges.
Stake in HDFC Bk intact; credit growth @ 20% in 5 yrs: HDFC
Nov 19, 2014 at 13:00 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Keki Mistry clarified that HDFC would like to maintain its stake in the bank and that the company board will decide whether its needs to change the stake pattern.
See Nifty at 9600 by Mar; midcaps game, buy financials: UBS
Nov 19, 2014 at 08:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Gautam Chhaochharia of UBS Securities believes there is a possibility that the consensus earnings growth of 15 percent may be met by the market. He continues to like Exide, MCX and LIC Housing Finance.
Nov 24, 2014 at 14:05 | Source: CNBC
Several Asian economies will be on GDP-watch this week, including India, the Philippines, Taiwan and Singapore.
Buy IRB Infra, Federal Bank, Idea Cellular: Meghna Malkan
Nov 24, 2014 at 12:25 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Meghna V Malkan of malkansview.com is of the view that one can buy JSW Energy for a target price of Rs 88 and Idea Cellular for a target price of Rs 179.
Bull's Eye: Buy SpiceJet, Titagarh Wagons, IRB Infra
Nov 24, 2014 at 08:49 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Pankaj Jain of Sunteck Wealthmax advises buying SpiceJet with a target price of Rs 17.65 and Man Industries with a target price of Rs 87.50.
Top 7 companies add Rs 44,044 crore to investor wealth
Nov 23, 2014 at 13:14 | Source: PTI
The m-cap of SBI surged Rs 19,563.95 crore to Rs 2,27,742.12 crore, the biggest rise among top-10 blue-chips.
ADB approves $350 mn for upgradation of roads in MP
Nov 19, 2014 at 16:29 | Source: PTI
The project will upgrade 1,600 kilometres of major district roads in the state through lane widening, surface improvements, and strengthening of culverts and bridges.
Nov 20, 2014 at 12:17 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush recommends buying ING Vysya Bank and IRB Infra.
Do not short Nifty today; buy Wipro, ICICI Bank: Sukhani
Nov 20, 2014 at 09:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
For Bank Nifty our stop loss was 17500, that it still holds so you hold on to your positions, says Sukhani.
Bull's eye: Buy NIIT, Bajaj Corp, Jindal SAW, IRB Infra
Nov 20, 2014 at 08:41 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush recommends buying Allcargo Logistics for a target price of Rs 350 and Jindal SAW for a target price of Rs 104.
Stake in HDFC Bk intact; credit growth @ 20% in 5 yrs: HDFC
Nov 19, 2014 at 13:00 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Keki Mistry clarified that HDFC would like to maintain its stake in the bank and that the company board will decide whether its needs to change the stake pattern.
See Nifty at 9600 by Mar; midcaps game, buy financials: UBS
Nov 19, 2014 at 08:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Gautam Chhaochharia of UBS Securities believes there is a possibility that the consensus earnings growth of 15 percent may be met by the market. He continues to like Exide, MCX and LIC Housing Finance.
Videos »

Mythbusting finance 2.0Remember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Spritz meets BloombergRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

South Americas slowdownSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Most vulnerable EMs to dollar strengthSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

4 Ways To Tell Funnier Jokesreddit
Wit is to life what salt is to food: The spice that makes it not only tolerable but delicious. You can buy salt in a box at the corner store, but where do you find wit? It's in just about every work of art that's worth your time: the plays of Tom Stoppard, the poems of Patricia Lockwood, the songs of Jay-Z, the persona of Fran Lebowitz and the essays of Christopher Hitchens, for starters.
But what is wit, exactly? An ineffable quality, perhaps, one that's easy to spot but impossible to define? Nah. In my very effable new book Elements of Wit: Mastering the Art of Being Interesting , I define it quite simply as Spontaneous Creativity. Wit is the phrase you turn on the fly, the ready reference that's ever so slightly askew and the point that wins the game. And to find out more about what wit is, I take a close look at who wit is and was. Here are a few of the Great Wits paired with insights on what made their zingers zing.
Steal Like A Great British Prime Minister
It's not enough that Winston Churchill saved Western civilization; he also delivered countless brilliant ripostes that were handed down through the ages. While he clearly had the mind to issue impromptu wisecracks, that same mind was certainly always saving the best lines it came across for later deployment. When he was called out for being drunk and responded that he'd be sober in the morning while his accuser would still be ugly, he was borrowing a line from a W.C. Fields movie that had been in joke columns for decades prior.
But the right person used the right line at the right time , and that's what we remember.
Start Carrying a Notebook -- and Then Stop
As a young man, Shawn Carter was always carrying a spiral-bound notebook, writing down rhymes whenever they popped into his head. He'd bust them out in rap battles on the streets of Brooklyn, honing the persona later known as Jay Z. Eventually, he didn't need the notebook; he could rely on what he calls his inner rainman to spit the verses as required. As legendary producer Rick Rubin exclaims in the documentary 'Fade To Black' : "The way he writes, I've never seen anything like it. Because he doesn't write it down."
Do Something Original With Life's Lemons
It's not easy . But Nora Ephron's entire career was a testimonial to the restorative power of deep wit. She was taught by her writing parents that everything was copy, and she used that ethos to build a brilliant career in the man's world of New York newspapering. When she caught her husband cheating on her and used the divorce to write the bestselling-book-turned-hit-movie Heartburn -- "Never marry a man you wouldn't want to be divorced from," as she later summarized it -- it became eternally clear that said copy  (which was everything) came from her typewriter.
When in doubt, prebreak a prefix.
Hey, remember the ineffable/effable line from way back at the beginning of this article? That was solid, no? It's a classic bit of grammatical wit used best by P.G. Wodehouse in the following sentence from The Code of the Woosters in 1938: "He spoke with a certain what-is-it in his voice, and I could see that, if not actually disgruntled, he was far from being gruntled."
Is it a shortcut? Sure. Will it always work? No. Is it useful next time you need to dismantle an inept or uncouth character? Indubitably!
___________________
Also on The Huffington Post:
Close

American premium burger chain Carl s Jr set to enter IndiaAmerican premium burger chain Carl's Jr set to enter India
Sounak Mitra | New Delhi Oct 09, 2014 12:34 AM IST
Come April, Indians will have the choice to taste charbroiled burgers by Carl's Jr - a brand that has been endorsed by the likes of Paris Hilton, Kim Kardashian and Padma Lakshmi.
California-based premium burger chain, Carl’s Jr, which is known for its signature line of charbroiled thickburgers and is among the top 10 quick service restaurants chains globally, is set to enter India, with the first outlet to be opened here by April next year.
The American fast-food chain has already signed a franchisee agreement with city-based Cybiz BrightStar Restaurants Pvt Ltd, owned by CybizCorp. Over the next five years, there would be at least 100 Carl’s Jr outlets in India, said Sam Chopra, group chairman and founder of CybizCorp The chain targets to open about 1,000 outlets across India over 10-15 years.
Carl’s Jr joins the race with the world’s second largest burger chain Burger King, which had formed a joint venture with private equity fund Everstone Capital last year to develop its presence in India and plans to open the first outlet soon.
Besides, its rival, Fatburger has already opened its first outlet in Gurgaon, near Delhi recently.
“It is a burger that is delivered in just three minutes after the order is placed. And, we deliver it fresh. Nothing is prepared before hand,” said Chopra, adding that he would, for the first couple of years, focus on the northern market. The chain would spend about $25 million (about Rs 150 crore) in the first five years in developing a presence in India.
CKE Restaurant Holdings, the parent company of Carl’s Jr, had already invested $1.5 million in India in consumer research, product development and tasting trials during the past three years, Chopra said.
While most of the funds would be arranged internally, Cybiz BrightStar Restaurants Pvt Ltd is also in talks with private equity firms to dilute about 25 per cent in the company that would be used in part, to finance the projected expenses, Chopra said. “A deal is expected within the next three to six months,” he added.
“We target ticket size at Rs 400. We’ll not offer beef in India, and for the first time in Carl’s Jr history, vegetarian burger, with six varieties, will be introduced. Over the next few years, we may also look at taking vegetarian burgers to other countries,” Chopra said, adding that Carl’s Jr will not target the mass market. Sales of Rs 2.5 lakh a day an outlet would make the venture viable, he said.
Chopra believes that the time is right for a ‘premium burger quick-service restaurant’ such as Carl’s Jr to enter India. “As we are witnessing a burger revolution in our country, a parallel phenomenon that was witnessed in the pizzas and pasta category a decade back,” he added.
Besides India, Carl’s Jr has recently entered new markets like Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, Denmark, Ecuador, New Zealand and the Bahamas.
Over the past decade and a half, a handful of quick-service restaurants have made a beeline for India, including McDonald's, Yum Brands - the owner of restaurants such as Pizza Hut, KFC and Taco Bell- and Subway.
Retail consultancy firm Technopak, in a recent report, noted that the Indian food service market will soar to $92 billion (Rs 5.52 lakh crore) by 2020 from $48 billion (Rs 2.88 lakh crore). Of this, the $3-billion (Rs 18,000-crore) chained restaurant segment is expected to see the fastest growth rate of 15 per cent, with the size pegged to touch $8 billion (Rs 48,000 crore) by 2020.

How the UKs GCHQs eavesdroppers are tapping into management innovationAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact andrew.hill@ft.com or john.gapper@ft.com about the Business blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
John Gapper is an associate editor and the chief business commentator of the FT.  He has worked for the FT since 1987, covering labour relations, banking and the media. He is co-author, with Nicholas Denton, of 'All That Glitters', an account of the collapse of Barings in 1995.
Andrew Hill is an associate editor and the management editor of the FT. He is a former City editor, financial editor, comment and analysis editor, New York bureau chief, foreign news editor and correspondent in Brussels and Milan.
Emma Jacobs is a features writer for the FT, with a particular focus on Business Life. She explores workplace trends, business culture and entrepreneurship and is one of the paper's leading interviewers.
Adam Jones is editor of Business Life, home to the FT's coverage of management, entrepreneurship and working life.
Lucy Kellaway is an Associate Editor and management columnist of the FT. For the past 15 years her weekly Monday column has poked fun at management fads and jargon and celebrated the ups and downs of office life.
Ravi Mattu is the deputy editor of the FT Weekend Magazine and a former editor of Business Life. He writes about management, technology, entrepreneurship and
innovation.
Michael Skapinker is an assistant editor and editor of the FT’s special reports. A former management editor of the FT, his column on Business and Society appears every Thursday.
Latest columns by John and Andrew

Business needs US footballs Rooney RuleBusinesses should adopt US football’s Rooney Rule
By Michael Skapinker
Companies do not have to be racist or sexist to end up with white men but may just be playing safe
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48a31924-4e0c-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Companies do not have to be racist or sexist to end up with white men  writes Michael SkapinkerBusinesses should adopt US football’s Rooney Rule
By Michael Skapinker
Companies do not have to be racist or sexist to end up with white men but may just be playing safe
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48a31924-4e0c-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Diesel price cut: Govt is likely to slash rates by Rs 2.50/ltr after assembly electionsDiesel price cut: Govt is likely to slash rates by Rs 2.50/ltr after assembly elections
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 08 2014, 19:06  IST
Oct 08 2014, 19:06  IST
 

Pak troops kill 2 women in border shellingSRINAGAR/NEW DELHI, October 8, 2014
Updated: October 9, 2014 01:14 IST
Border still tense; PM Modi says all will be fine soon
Zahid Rafiq
Tweet
A boy injured in firing by Pakistani troops along the J & K border being rushed to the Government Medical College Hospital in Jammu on Wednesday. Photo: AP
The Hindu Pakistani troops targeted 50 security outposts and three dozen hamlets with heavy mortar shelling and firing. A File Photo of India-Pakistan border in Samba sector, Jammu.
The Hindu Pakistani troops targeted 50 security outposts and three dozen hamlets with heavy mortar shelling and firing. File Photo
TOPICS
India-Pakistan
The International Border in Jammu and Kashmir remained tense on Wednesday as Pakistani and Indian troops continued to exchange fire even as two women were killed and 25 injured in Pakistani shelling in the Samba sector of the Jammu region.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi told presspersons that “everything will be fine soon” without elaborating how normalcy would be restored. Government sources said the BSF had been told not to seek any flag meeting with the Pakistani Rangers till the firing stopped. Indian troops would continue to respond strongly to the “unprovoked” Pakistani shelling. As India did not escalate the situation, there was no question of scaling down the response, they said.
The Congress criticised the handling of the situation. At a rally in Maharashtra, party vice-president Rahul Gandhi said Mr. Modi had done nothing to stop the shelling.

Links: Ebola  Botox and shifting for yourselfEMAIL
(Joe Raedle/Getty Images)
“Gosh,” you might be thinking. “What’s a good way to profit from the Ebola outbreak, which has killed about 3,500 people and possibly spread to Spain?” Wall Street is one step ahead of you, pushing up the price of hazmat suit maker Lakeland Industries 91% this year .
Costco profit rose 13% in the third quarter on stronger sales and fee revenue.
Warren Buffett says he’s puzzled by the slow rebound in home construction . “You would think that people would be lining up now to get mortgages to buy a home,” Buffett said today at a conference hosted by Fortune magazine in Laguna Niguel, Calif. He might want to talk to former Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke about that.
Here’s a look at the mortgage refinance index, which has, indeed, flatlined . (Via Calculated Risk ).
Valeant and Pershing Square are going to raise their offer for Allergan, maker of Botox , to $191 a share, or $60 billion in cash and stock.
Wall Street companies earned $8.7 billion in profit the first half of the year, a 13% decline from the same period a year earlier. The main reason: The companies broke the law in the runup to the financial crisis , resulting in massive fines.

DDA extends housing scheme deadlineDDA extends housing scheme deadline
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 21:29 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 21:47 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
Anticipating a last-minute rush after a tepid response, the Delhi Development Authority (DDA) has extended its deadline to submit forms for its largest ever housing scheme till 5pm on October 15.
The scheme - with 25,034 flats on offer - was launched on September 1 and was to close on October 9. Hindustan Times was the first to report, on September 29, that DDA was likely to extend the deadline.
The draw of lots is tentatively fixed for November 5, supervised by a committee headed by a retired high court judge and two IT professionals, one from IIT-Delhi and the other from the National Informatics Centre.
The DDA sold 16 lakh applications for the scheme but got back just 3 lakh, partly due to a fortnight-long Shraddh period, considered 'inauspicious', followed by the festive season.
However, DDA officials said the real reason for the subdued response was a new lock-in clause under which allottees cannot sell their flats for five years. Also, with very few two and three-bedroom flats on offer, the middle class seems to have kept away.
The DDA had received some 7.4 lakh applications for a much smaller housing scheme (16,000 flats) in 2010.
The decision to extend the deadline was taken on Wednesday at a meeting with representatives of empanelled banks. "They insisted there was too much last-minute rush and the last date should be extended. Also, only about three lakh forms have been received so far and people need more time," DDA vice-chairman Balvinder Kumar told HT.
"The procedure for the draw of lots has been put on our website," he added.

Will announce e-commerce partner soon  says BiyaniWill announce e-commerce partner soon, says Biyani
Raghavendra Kamath & Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 12:49 AM IST
A day after taking on e-commerce sites such as Flipkart for undercutting prices, Future Group chief executive officer Kishore Biyani said he would announce his “exclusive e-commerce partner” soon.
Biyani agreed he met Jeff Bezos, founder and CEO of Amazon, in Delhi last week, lending credence that he would partner with Amazon to sell its private labels.
“We discussed many things like the macro environment, the prime minister and so on,” Biyani told Business Standard.
According to sources in the group, Biyani is expected to meet other e-commerce players for a tie-up.
“We can learn a lot of things from e-commerce players regarding their supply chain and logistics, sourcing and so on,” Biyani told Business Standard.
Under a tie-up with an e-commerce portal, Biyani said the group would first take its fashion products online, followed by FMCG, general merchandise, food and others.
While tying up with e-commerce portal is a ‘brand strategy’ Biyani said, the group’s own omni channel strategy, set to go live after Diwali, is a retail strategy or extension of his physical stores. He said the group's omni channel strategy will work simultaneously along with retailing on e-commerce partner.
“Tie up with e-commerce portals will enable us to sell more of our own brands,” he said. Future group has private labels in apparel, FMCG, food among others.
Future Group recently announced a tie-up with SAP company ‘hybris’ for its omni channel strategy that allows the group to converge its digital and physical channels.
As part of the omni strategy, the group’s electronics format, Ezone, is expected to go online first, followed by premium food chain Foodhall and hypermarket chain Big Bazaar, a group executive said.
“You can log-in and order from anywhere and take deliveries wherever you want under the omni channel strategy,” Biyani said.
However, he criticised e-commerce portals such as Flipkart, which had huge discount sale on Monday, saying these portals sold goods below cost price, incurring huge losses.
Though Biyani’s group is also holding a shopping event, he said: “We never sell below cost price. It is against the law of the land.”
“Somebody should foot the losses if you sell below cost price,” he said.
IN SEARCH OF MORE FORTUNES
Meeting with Amazon chief
Kishore Biyani met Jeff Bezos, the founder and CEO of Amazon, in Delhi last week and “discussed many things like the macro environment and the prime minister”
 
Prospective tie-up with an e-commerce portal
Under a tie-up with an e-retail portal, Biyani said the group would first take its fashion products online, followed by FMCG, general merchandise, food and others. He termed the tie-up a ‘brand strategy’
 
Omni channel strategy
The group’s own omni channel strategy, set to go live after Diwali, is a retail strategy or extension of its physical stores. The omni channel strategy will work simultaneously along with retailing on e-commerce partner. As part of the omni strategy, group’s electronics format, Ezone, is expected to go online first, followed by food chain Foodhall and hypermarket chain Big Bazaar, said a company source
 
Roping in hybris
Future Group recently announced a tie-up with SAP company ‘hybris’ for its omni channel strategy that allows the group to converge its digital and physical channels

FII inflows into equities may top $25 bn this fiscal: DSP Black Rock Mutual FundFII inflows into equities may top $25 bn this fiscal: DSP Black Rock Mutual Fund
PTI | Mumbai | Published:  Oct 08 2014, 22:27  IST
Oct 08 2014, 22:27  IST
 

The risks of performing surgery during the Ebola outbreakBy Karen Attiah October 8 Follow @KarenAttiah
The number of people being monitored for symptoms of Ebola in the U.S. is growing. Here's how the virus spreads and how contact tracing works to stop outbreaks. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Beyond the death toll from Ebola across West Africa (3,865 deaths out of 8,033 confirmed cases according to the latest World Health Organization estimates), the outbreak of the deadly virus has also caused serious complications to the provisions of other types of health care. People seeking access to health care for treatment of malaria cannot get help, pregnant women cannot get assistance delivering babies, and people cannot get access to routine immunizations.
Take surgery for example, which carries extraordinary risks for doctors who choose to operate in the affected West African countries. As Ebola is primarily transmitted through the bodily fluids of infected persons exhibiting symptoms, patients who are in need of life-saving surgeries such as amputations, appendectomies and c-sections, are at risk of being turned away if they exhibit signs of vomiting or fever. Additionally, Sierra Leone was already suffering from a shortage of surgeons, as in 2008, only 10 surgeons were practicing at 10 out of 17 government civilian hospitals.
"The problem we face now, if a patient has any of the symptoms regarded as part of the case definition for Ebola, he or she may be sent to the isolation unit and kept there until the result of their test comes back. This may take days to happen, so if the patient is indeed having a surgical problem, may die while waiting for the Ebola test result," said TB Kamara, chief of surgery and hospital care management at Connaught Hospital in Freetown, Sierra Leone.
Infographic: Ebola’s catastrophic effect on the body.
Kamara said that the problem specific to surgical operations has not been recognized by the Emergency Operations Center (EOC), the nerve center for the Ebola response in Sierra Leone. He added, "Due to inadequate protective equipment … the surgeons find it morally difficult to pressure others to accept patients who have been reviewed and booked for surgeries by them.
On Tuesday, the American College of Surgeons released a surgical protocol for operating on patients with possible or confirmed cases of Ebola. Written by Sherry M. Wren, professor of surgery at Stanford, and Adam Kushner, an associate at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, the  protocol calls for special surgery equipment, including double gloves, full face shields and surgical hoods. Additionally surgeons must have what is termed as "AAMI Level 4" surgical gowns and drapes, which are made of material that have been proven to be impervious to liquid and viral penetration. The protocol also recommends that surgeons use keep the use of sharp instruments to a minimum, and employ alternative cutting methods  like electrocautery instead of scalpels to minimize the risk of transmission.
The protocol has been circulated to the West African College of Surgeons (WACS), College of Surgeons of East, Central and Southern Africa (COSECSA), Pan African Association of Surgeons (PAAS).
Wren said there has not been an organized call for more surgery specific resources, but that the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is reviewing the protocol.
As to whether the protocol would be adopted by organizations like MSF or WHO? Wren said, "knowing their culture they will create their own guideline and not adopt someone else's."

Indonesian cave art as old as Europes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cba7b384-4ed9-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Everything will soon be fine: PM on J-K truce violationsComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Wednesday 'everything will be fine soon' on the border a day after India summoned the Pakistani deputy high commissioner in New Delhi to lodge a strong protest over repeated ceasefire violations.
At least 17 civilians have been killed and dozens wounded so far on both sides of the border after a week of some of the most intense fighting between India and Pakistan in about a decade.
The violence has further strained relations between the two countries that hit a low after New Delhi called off bilateral talks in August following the Pakistani high commissioner’s meeting with Kashmiri separatist leaders.
“Everything will be fine soon,” Modi told reporters at a function in New Delhi to mark the 82nd Air Force day.
Read: India summons Pak envoy over row
HT has learnt that India has taken up the ceasefire violation issue with Pakistan more than once in the past week as part of the “diplomatic initiatives” to end the impasse. According to sources, the Pakistan envoy was told on Tuesday that “unprovoked firing from across the border that also continues to target civilians” must stop.
Fighting intensified along the international border on Tuesday night and carried on till morning as Pakistani troops hit about 50 Indian outposts and three dozen hamlets with mortars and machine guns, killing two women of a family and wounding at least 15.
Read: India adopting Israel model against Pakistan: Bilawal
Intelligence sources said India hit back by pounding 37 Pakistani posts that left about 15 dead and damaged several Pakistan Rangers outposts. “Our troops at all the places gave a strong and befitting reply to firing from Pakistan,” a Border Security Force (BSF) spokesperson said.
The BSF has given a detailed report of the situation to the ministry of external affairs to diplomatically take up the issue with Pakistan. BSF chief DK Pathak will meet Union home minister Rajnath Singh and National Security Adviser (NSA) Ajit Doval on Thursday to give an account of the situation on the ground.
Thousands have fled their homes on both sides of the 192-kilometre international border since the fighting broke on Sunday night.
Analysts say the violence comes at a time when Pakistan's army is taking a more assertive role in the country’s politics while India has toughened its stance ahead of assembly elections this month.
Read: We should be valorous against Pak tactics
Islamabad summoned India’s deputy high commissioner JP Singh on Monday to lodge a protest over alleged ceasefire violations by India and raised the pitch by lodging a protest with the UN Military Observer Group over what it termed as India’s aggression.
However, India maintains the UN body has outlived its utility and all bilateral issues should be discussed under the framework of the Simla agreement and Lahore declaration. The ceasefire pact of 2003 is seen as the most important confidence-building measure between the two sides.
India and Pakistan exchange fire on the border sporadically but this year has been particularly volatile as Jammu and Kashmir is due for assembly polls and Pakistan typically ratchets up border tensions every time the state holds elections.
Read: India to continue tough response to Pakistan firing
A terse eight-minute phone conversation on Tuesday between officers of the Directorate-General of Military Operations of India and Pakistan ended with brigadiers from both sides trading accusations.
The moderate wing of the Kashmiri separatist group Hurriyat Conference asked both countries to end hostilities along the border and resume the stalled dialogue process to resolve outstanding issues.
(With inputs from Rajesh Ahuja and agencies)

http://usat.ly/1EuXbLIFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow scores biggest gain of 2014 on Fed minutes
Stocks are inching higher Wednesday after the market was slammed in the prior session and as Germany's  key benchmark slid into correction territory.
Post to Facebook
Dow scores biggest gain of 2014 on Fed minutes Stocks are inching higher Wednesday after the market was slammed in the prior session and as Germany's  key benchmark slid into correction territory. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xoCn3G
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
48
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow scores biggest gain of 2014 on Fed minutes
Video Keywords Wall Street Federal Reserve broad market interest rates S&P 500 company index Alibaba NASDAQ USA today Iraq Europe's
Big stock price swings are back. Can the bull regain its mojo? Or is it on borrowed time? Adam Shell reports.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:06  Scared yet. Stocks are under pressure big price swings are
00:10  back in the bull regain it's no joke wears it on
00:13  borrowed time. Hi I'm -- shell of USA today. After the
00:18  Dow's 273. Point drop Tuesday its biggest since July 31. Wall
00:24  Street is on edge. Investors are worried they're unsure if this
00:28  is just another mini correction or the star of the real
00:31  thing. The -- US market hasn't suffered a 10% drop in
00:35  more than three years and so called corrections. Normally occur every
00:40  eighteen to twenty months. So the market is due for double
00:43  digit drop. The market hasn't suffered a bear market more than
00:47  five years. To say the market is turned turbulent would be
00:50  an understatement. The Dow is plunged more than 100 point five
00:54  of the past twelve days. And the broad market has been
00:57  hitting new highs since the Alibaba IPO on September 19. We're
01:02  nearly three weeks ago. Since then the Dow is down 3.2
01:06  percent. The S&P 500 is down 4% the NASDAQ is up
01:10  5% and the Russell 2000 small company index has climbed 11%.
01:15  And is now in correction territory. The tone of the market
01:18  is turned darker and there's plenty of reasons why Europe's economy
01:22  is in shambles global growth fears arising. Geopolitics is also --
01:27  rest of the equation. The fight against terrorists has resumed in
01:30  Iraq and the -- crisis has added to the yanks. All
01:35  those worries are colliding with a market that's trading near all
01:37  time highs. A market that's trading at price your valuations and
01:41  historical average. And a market that's coming to grips with the
01:44  fact the Federal Reserve is preparing to raise interest rates next
01:48  year for the first time in eight years. As a result
01:52  investors are taking profits and taking less risk. Wall Street is
01:56  hoping to sell awful again attract bargain hunters the F and
02:00  500 suffered its sixth biggest loss of the year Tuesday. And
02:03  the month after four of the five prior big one day
02:06  drops the market is up anywhere from 2.5. Percent to 6%.
02:11  Right now Wall Street hoping divided that crowd comes to the
02:14  rescue again. If they don't hopes for a market bounce or
02:18  rebound we'll be put on hold.
Ed Brackett , USA TODAY 4:25 p.m. EDT October 8, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
241 CONNECT 222 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The whipsaw ride on Wall Street continued Wednesday as the Dow Jones industrial average scored its biggest gain of the year when the release of the minutes of the Federal Reserve's September meeting showed little change from its previous statements.
After stocks trading fairly quietly through the early part of the day, the 2 p.m. ET release of the Fed minutes sparked a powerful rally that by the close had the Dow, Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite index finishing with gains ranging from 1.6% to 1.9%.
The Dow jumped 274.83 points, or 1.6%, to 16,994.22 -- erasing all of a 273-point dive Tuesday that dropped the blue-chip average to its lowest level since mid August. That was the Dow's biggest jumped since a 293-point surge on Dec. 18, 2013.
TUESDAY: Dow drops 273; S&P loses 1.5%
The S&P 500 was up 33.79 points, or 1.8%, to 1968.89 and the Nasdaq gained 83.39 points, or 1.9%, to 4468.59.
In its statement, the Fed as expected said that it planned to end its market-friendly bond-buying program, called quantitative easing, after this month.
Fed minutes: Little changed
The Fed has been purchasing Treasury and mortgage-backed securities to keep long-term interest rates low. The Fed also showed no inclination to increase the key federal funds rate, currently near zero. In its statement, the Fed said that it plans to keep the fed funds rate at its current level for a "considerable time" after its bond-buying program ends.
The Fed minutes were the first big potential concern on Wall Street's schedule today. Act two came after the close with the unofficial start to third-quarter earnings season with results from Alcoa. The aluminum giant also didn't deliver any bad news, when its third-quarter earnings jumped 71% and easily topped analysts' estimates.
The strong performance in the U.S. reversed a trend of losses in major markets elsewhere around the globe. European markets ended lower and Germany's DAX shed 1% to below 9000. That is a sharp turn from June when it crossed above the 10,000 mark for the first time and means the stock index for Europe's largest economy now is more than 10% below its high and therefore in correction territory. Before that, Japan's Nikkei 225 index fell more than 1% and stocks in Hong Kong dropped 0.5%.
Before the Fed minutes release, U.S. stock indexes were largely unchanged as investors digested the latest economic news. Wage growth is picking up more rapidly than government reports show , according to new data from top payroll processor ADP, suggesting that the economic recovery may be more robust than believed. Hourly pay for private-sector workers was up 4.5% in the third quarter compared to a year ago, a new ADP report reveals, much higher than the 2% annual growth reported by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
#BREAKING Wages up 4.5% from a year ago, payroll processor ADP says http://t.co/Oq8NPuqlYo
— USA TODAY (@USATODAY) October 8, 2014
Wednesday's welcome bounce might have erased the pain of Tuesday's plunge, but the U.S. market still is in relatively precarious state following a turbulent period that still has Dow down 1.7% from its record close on Sept. 19. The slide has come on big volatility. Since its peak, the Dow has suffered nine triple-digit moves, and five of those were on the downside.

J&K Assembly polls: EC assesses situation in state9
0
Srinagar: The Election Commission on Wednesday reviewed the situation in Jammu and Kashmir for conduct of assembly elections in the state, ravaged by recent floods.
Deputy Election Commissioner Vinod Zutshi was briefed about the devastation wreaked by the flood, the reconstruction and rehabilitation measures taken by the state government and the approximate time for return of normalcy in the Valley, officials said.
On a two-day visit, Zutshi arrived in Jammu and held a series of meetings with various stakeholders including senior state government officials about the possibility of holding the assembly elections as per schedule later this year, officials said.
The Election Commission reviewed the situation in Jammu and Kashmir for conduct of assembly elections in the state, ravaged by recent floods.
#jk assembly polls #jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #election commission
Later, the deputy election commissioner arrived in Srinagar, where he held meetings with Divisional Commissioner Kashmir Rohit Kansal and Inspector General of Police Abdul Gani Mir, the official said.
The deputy election commissioner will meet Chief Secretary M I Khandey, DGP K Rajendra Kumar besides holding a video-conference with the deputy Commissioners of 10 districts of the Valley.
He is also scheduled to meet representatives of various political parties from Kashmir.
The term of the 87-member state J & K Assembly ends on January 19 next year.
0

Palghar: Explosion kills two workers; three others injured seriously3
0
Palghar: Two industrial workers were killed and three others received serious injuries in an explosion at an industrial unit located at Boisar industrial estate on Wednesday afternoon, the Palghar district rural police said.
Boisar police station sub-inspector S K Pote told PTI that a reactor in the premises of JPN Pharma Private Ltd exploded this afternoon killing two and injuring three workers.
The seriously injured have been admitted to local hospital and are being treated he said. He gave the names of those dead as plant supervisor
Boisar police station sub-inspector S K Pote told PTI that a reactor in the premises of JPN Pharma Private Ltd exploded this afternoon killing two and injuring three workers.
#boisar #industrial estate #injury
Pravin Bhandighare (28) and a worker Rakesh S Bankar (22).
The police official said that three people, including dead plant supervisor Pravin has been booked in connection with the explosion under Section 304 A of the Indian Penal Code.
Others who have been booked for negligence include the unit's safety officer Pradeep Panda and maintenance officer Sadanand Lohar.
The police said that no arrests have been made so far and investigations are on.
2

Stocks soar 1%  Dow spikes after Fed minutesWednesday,  8 Oct 2014 |  4:09  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Pisani: The Fed's new mandate
CNBC's Bob Pisani discusses today's market activity. Suddenly, the Fed seems to have a new mandate, says Pisani, citing the Minutes' expressed concern over a global slowdown.
U.S. stocks ended about 2 percent higher on Wednesday as markets extended gains on the FOMC minutes and recovered from Tuesday's selloff.
Closing 274.8 points higher, the Dow Jones Industrial Average had its best day since December 18, 2013. The index rose more than 275 points in intraday trade, briefly touching 17,000 and surpassing Tuesday's 273-point loss. The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq had their best day since nearly a year ago on October 10, 2013.
"This is the near-term good news," JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade, said, noting that fixed-income buyers tended towards the short end rather than the long end.
Alcoa posts quarterly results after the bell, kicking off a slew of company earnings and guidance reports expected in the next few weeks.
"I think as we move into the earnings season next week, the markets will focus more and more on what companies are telling us," Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial, said. The "data that is coming out is backward-looking. Companies have more of a kaleidoscope" view.
Stocks had traded flat to modestly higher before surging on the release of the Fed minutes in the early afternoon. The report showed that the Federal Reserve staff cut their growth outlook due to the higher dollar, as a number of committee participants had concerns with global weakness.
"The Fed minutes certainly leave us feeling that they are tiptoeing into the interest hike," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. A "short-term, oversold market has this kind of reaction."
Pisani: Stocks rose going into Fed minutes
How the markets have digested minutes by the Fed, with CNBC's Bob Pisani.
In corporate news, Costco earnings beat expectations on Wednesday, and investors are focusing on guidance during the upcoming earnings season.
From "Alcoa until two weeks from now, when we get into earnings season, the market is going to be extremely volatile," Marc Chaikin of Chaikin Analytics said. He added that October has historically been a month of extreme ups and downs.
Read More This is the 'doomsday' bond market scenario
In the morning, J.C. Penney fell more than 5 percent on its long-term financial outlook. Earlier, the stock was briefly halted due to a volatility circuit breaker.
Apple gained on the official announcement of a 'special event' on October 16. The iPhone maker also said it was surprised at the bankruptcy filing of its sapphire display supplier, GT Advanced Technologies . Activist investor Carl Icahn also promised to send an open letter to CEO Tim Cook on Thursday.
Earlier, low oil prices and a stronger dollar had weighed on energy. The sector was the hardest hit on the S&P 500, with several contract drilling and oil and gas production firms hit new 52-week lows.
"Oil is a key factor here," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital, said. "If oil gets too low, it not only heightens fear of our economy beginning to weaken but it also increases the deflationary aspect of Europe and other parts of the world."
Getty Images
Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
On Tuesday, German industrial output reported a 4 percent decline in August, with the worse-than-expected drop coming a day after the country's industrial orders had their largest monthly decline since the global financial crisis in 2009. The International Monetary Fund also downgraded its global growth forecast for this year and 2015.
U.S. stocks had fallen sharply on Tuesday, extending losses into a second session with the S&P at 8-week lows and the Dow having its worst day since late July, as investors fretted slowing economic growth in Europe and the potential impact on coming third-quarter earnings from U.S. corporations.
Read More Where did the German 'strongman' go?
The Dow Jones Industrial Average recovered from its loss of 272.5 points on Tuesday to close up 274.8 points, or 1.64 percent, at 16,994.22, with Merck leading gains in all blue chips except for DuPont . Visa , 3M , IBM and Goldman Sachs were responsible for about one-third of the day's gains.
The S&P 500 closed up 33.79 points, or 1.75 percent, at 1,968.89, with health care leading gains as all 10 sectors advanced.
The Nasdaq closed up 83.39 points, or 1.90 percent, at 4,468.59.
The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) , widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, fell to trade near 15.
Roughly four stocks advanced for every decliner on the New York Stock Exchange in the close, with an exchange volume of 918.8 million and a composite volume of 4.4 billion, the highest since September 19 and the fifth largest volume day this year.
The 10-year Treasury note yielded 2.32 percent, falling by several basis points after the FOMC minutes. The U.S. dollar edged higher against major world currencies.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, crude oil futures for November delivery lost $1.54 to end at $87.31 a barrel, its lowest close since April 2013. Gold lost $6.40 to settle at $1,206 an ounce.
Symbol

Bharat Bhushan: Why Narendra Modi needs both  Mohanlal  and Mohan BhagwatBharat Bhushan: Why Narendra Modi needs both 'Mohanlal' and Mohan Bhagwat
Bharat Bhushan | New Delhi Oct 08, 2014 09:48 PM IST
When Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed his favourite constituency of non-resident Indians, promising them an India of "their dreams", he asked them rhetorically: Gandhi gave us freedom, but what did we give him in return? A wag remarked on Twitter: "Sanghis' gave him a single bullet". Actually, it was three - Nathuram Godse touched Gandhi's feet before shooting him three times. Although the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) has always denied any responsibility for the assassination of Gandhi, there is no doubt that the conspirators were Hindutva ideologues.
Gandhi has never really been owned by the RSS. Many in the RSS will even question why he is referred to as the Father of the Nation, because for them the idea of India precedes Gandhi by thousands of years. It is surprising, therefore, to see Modi, once an RSS-pracharak (proselytizer), invoking Gandhi repeatedly, most recently on his birthday, re-designated, Swachhta Diwas.
Modi has not engaged deeply with Gandhi's thought. He did not even care to get his name right. The Madison Square Garden speech was the second time Modi called Gandhi "Mohanlal". That he is no true acolyte of Gandhi was evident from the fact that he reinforced the stereotype of the lower castes being unclean by choosing to wield a broom in Valmiki Colony (Valmiki is a "scavenger" caste).
Modi also seems to need the RSS. He immediately scotched criticism of the state-run media for broadcasting RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat's speech by praising it for addressing "important national issues". How do Gandhi and RSS sit comfortably in the political consciousness of Modi?
He is aware that he won the Lok Sabha election with only 31 per cent of the vote. That is only about 165 million Indians out of the 500 million who participated and voted for him, contrary to the claim of 1.25 billion Indians electing him in his speeches. Modi has since followed a dual strategy. He has to project himself as a statesman who is above politics and yet, because he is essentially a political animal, he has to take the RSS along as well. He needs its cadre in the elections, which take place almost round the year in some or other parts of India. While development slogans build a statesman-like image for Modi, it gets the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) only the additional floating vote of the middle class and the youth. Its base vote comes because of the Hindutva ideology.
Modi has grown up with this ideology and he owes his political life to it. The BJP also has no cadre of its own and depends on the RSS cadre for electoral legwork. The RSS knows that Bhagwat cannot win parliamentary elections. An ideologically repackaged full-time cadre like Narendra Modi can. But he has to polish the rough edges to make Hindutva electorally palatable.
Once he decided to bid for prime ministership, Modi had to fashion a new strategy. A neat division of labour became evident in the Lok Sabha election - while Modi delivered uplifting speeches and urged his followers to build the tallest statue of the first Home Minister of India Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, Amit Shah and the standing army of the Hindutva family of organisations polarised the voters on communal lines.
Having become the prime minister, the same dual strategy continues. Only this time, he has sought to selectively appropriate the symbol of Gandhi instead of Patel. The association is initiated through Modi's public speeches and government propaganda, it is intensified, however, by the media picking up and repeating those messages.
But the issues are selectively framed. The national campaign for cleanliness was projected as if the only thing holding India back was a failure of leadership, which, of course, Modi will now provide. If, for example, the issue of cleanliness had been framed differently by Modi and the media - say, in terms of public health, then the solution would not be just every citizen picking up a broom.
The issue would then have to be seen in terms of citizenship rights such as access to water, sanitary facilities, epidemiological profiles of populations, the role of local municipalities and their functioning, waste-disposal facilities, condition of housing, nature of livelihoods, living spaces, whether in cities, suburbs and villages and so on.
The moment one frames the issue as one of Modi sweeping with a broom and Gandhi as the metaphor, the mental framework and the methodology of understanding, discussing and making choices about public health and the issues of the citizenship are short-circuited. As Modi's personality gets a brand rub-off from Gandhi, perhaps India does not become significantly cleaner or healthier, or even attentive to the link between caste and manual scavenging, which Gandhi wanted to highlight in his campaign for "cleanliness".
Modi, the individual, is the recurring theme of his political communication and not the complex social issues that this country faces - whether of inclusion and exclusion, religious divisions, income disparities or unequal access to resources. In this way, he can safely invoke whatever popular symbol he chooses and also let Bhagwat and the RSS be promoted along with Gandhi, Patel and others.
What complicates trying to span these two different images - a great statesman prime minister and the brightest shining star of the Hindutva ideology - is constant electioneering. His political stardom makes him the first choice of the BJP as a campaigner. Modi is a great public speaker, but his campaign speeches also bring out unattractive aspects of his character - nastiness towards political opponents, cheap mimicry, slipping into the language of a street bully and selling false hope (like promising to change the formula of Pepsi to include real fruit juice in it).
The image that he so assiduously wants to cultivate - of a great statesman, the tea-seller's son who became prime minister and the philosopher King who will deliver India - then has to live with the dark and manipulative side of his leadership. Managing the two images is, therefore, going to be Prime Minister Narendra Modi's toughest task.
The writer is a journalist based in Delhi

William Pesek: For China  first the Waldorf  then the worldWilliam Pesek: For China, first the Waldorf, then the world
William Pesek |  Oct 08, 2014 09:46 PM IST
Last month, while holidaying in New York City, I happened upon the glare of a dozen live television cameras while walking past the Waldorf Astoria. The fuss was over Alibaba's investment roadshow, then unfolding inside the hotel's famed ballroom.
The chaotic scene now strikes me as ironic given that the venue Alibaba founder Jack Ma chose to stage China's big coming-out party will soon be in Chinese hands. In a head-turning deal, Anbang Insurance Group shelled out $1.95 billion for the 1,232-room Park Avenue landmark. The purchase immediately brings to mind Japan's vanity shopping spree in the 1980s, which included California's Pebble Beach golf course, New York's Rockefeller Center and loads of Renoirs and Picassos. The US survived that round of acquisitions, and its economy is far more vibrant than Japan's today. A Chinese wave of overseas investment, however, is likely to be far more disruptive and unsettling.
Part of the problem involves America's own China policies. For years, the US has demanded that the mainland let its currency appreciate. Since the day Lehman Brothers collapsed in September 2008, the yuan has risen 11.4 per cent. Obviously, a stronger yuan means a cheaper America. Already, Americans living in cities from Seattle to Queens, New York, have seen their neighbourhoods transformed by Chinese demand (some of it from Communist Party officials stashing ill-gotten gains in overseas real estate, no doubt). In Hong Kong, Sydney and Vancouver, such house-buying sprees have led to rising prices and increasing resentment among locals.
Exchange rates are hardly the only issue, however. Japan's 1980s land grabs reflected little more than bubble-era hubris: high-profile transactions that led to more publicity than profit. China has even deeper pockets - as well as a Beijing-led desire to dominate new markets. The nation is brimming with $4 trillion of currency reserves, untold numbers of newly-minted billionaires and a vast array of government-loyal entrepreneurs ready to sign cheques for the good of the motherland.
Any Chinese buying spree will almost surely involve more than cherry-picking this property or that one. Despite official rhetoric, the Beijing regime shows little patience for building the country's roster of global corporate powerhouses. China figures it's easier to buy established overseas names - IBM's personal computer business, for example - than to build its own. No doubt Hewlett-Packard, which is spinning off its personal-computer division, will see the prefix "+86" - China's country code - on some incoming calls soon.
China hopes to buy its way into a dominating positions in markets from technology to agriculture to aerospace to biotechnology to retail to entertainment to education. The breadth of Tokyo's corporate assault had lawmakers buzzing about a Japan Inc colonising the US in the 1980s. China's may feel like an all-out invasion to Wall Street and Main Street alike.
Needless to say, this will not go down easily. Political concerns have scotched deals in the past, such as Chinese oil giant CNOOC's attempted purchase of Unocal in 2005. But Washington couldn't kill last year's bid by Shuanghui International Holdings for hog producer Smithfield Foods on national-security grounds, and no one's suggesting there's any reason to block the Waldorf sale. More and more of these deals are inevitably going to go through.
Washington must resist the urge to indulge in the protectionism it abhors in less-developed nations. Nevertheless, it's time to craft clearer laws on which companies can and can't be bought and why. That includes more precise definitions of what constitutes "national interests" and "national security" concerns, to ensure legal certainty. The US also should demand greater detail on where funds are coming from. Part of the exercise, of course, will be discerning where balance sheets of state-connected Chinese companies begin and the Communist Party ends.
Like it or not, China's outward expansion could eventually reach all sectors and facets of Americana as we know it. Is the US ready? I see no evidence it is.
The writer is a Bloomberg View columnist
wpesek@bloomberg.net

Delhi confidential: Back at thebarExpress News Service | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:37 am
BACK AT THE BAR
After remaining missing from the corridors of the Supreme Court for more than two months, senior advocate Gopal Subramanium made a comeback on Wednesday. In the wake of controversies surrounding his elevation as a Supreme Court judge, Subramanium had said he won’t show up in the apex court till the term of the previous CJI R M Lodha ended. Citing personal reasons, he had even withdrawn as amicus curiae in the Padmanabhaswamy temple case as it was being heard by Justice Lodha’s bench. Justice Lodha-led collegium had recommended four names, including that of Subramanium, for judgeship but the government segregated the proposals and raised objections to his elevation. Subramanium had then withdrawn his consent, prompting Justice Lodha to comment he was “disappointed” by the lawyer’s decision.
NO EASY ADJOURNMENT
THE Supreme Court has moved to curb a practice that has quite often drawn severe criticism about its functioning. The “taarikh pe taarikh” (date after date) syndrome may soon witness a decline with the apex court coming up with a new procedure. Published on Wednesday, the procedure stated that adjournments will be granted in a case only if a lawyer submits such a request in the court after obtaining consent also from the lawyer for the other side. Moreover, such a letter shall be circulated in the Supreme Court Registry at least two days in advance from the appointed date of hearing and no request for adjournment would be entertained once the matter comes up for hearing.
IN A HURRY
UNION ministers from Maharashtra have been keeping extremely busy with forthcoming assembly elections in the state, leaving them with little time to discharge their duties in Delhi. Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar and Road Transport and Rural Development Minister Nitin Gadkari were scheduled to address a national dialogue on Industrial Pollution in Ganga, along with Water Resources Minister Uma Bharti. However, while Gadkari couldn’t attend the event due to his poll-related commitments, Javadekar made a very brief appearance, and delivered a short speech. He left in a hurry but not before he had apologised for leaving.
MEDIA-SHY
WHEN Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg meets Union ministers during his visit to Delhi beginning Thursday, only official media is allowed to be present. Officials said there was a special request from the Facebook CEO not to allow the other media, because the young billionaire is a “shy” person and does not want to face a battery of cameramen and reporters, who might shoot questions to him. Zuckerberg has sought meetings with PM Narendra Modi and other senior ministers between October 9 and 10.

Suryanelli case: SC notice to KeralagovtPrint
Express News Service | Newdelhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:35 am
The Supreme Court on Wednesday issued notices to the Kerala Government on a batch of appeals filed by 16 of the 24 convicts, challenging their conviction and varying jail terms in the Suryanelli gangrape case.
A bench led by Justice S J Mukhopadhaya sought replies from the state police while observing that the materials on record prima facie appeared sufficient for the charges and that nothing seemed wrong with the Kerala High Court’s April 4 judgment.
The HC had confirmed the life sentence of one convict while different periods of imprisonment were awarded to 23. Dharmarajan, who was awarded life term, is yet to challenge his conviction. The 16-year-old girl from Suryanelli  was kidnapped in January 1996 and sexually assaulted for over 40 days.
 

Rahul takes dig at Modi over China PakistanRahul takes dig at Modi over China, Pakistan
Written by Shalini Nair | Raigad |       October 9, 2014 12:37 am
Comments
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi addresses a rally in Mahad on Wednesday as state party chief Manikrao Thakre looks on. ( Source: Express photo by Narendra Vaskar )
After BJP, it was the Congress’s turn to appropriate the legacy of Maratha king Shivaji as Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi chose the low-profile yet historically significant constituency of Mahad in Raigad district to launch his campaign for the Assembly polls.
Addressing his first rally at Mahad, home to the Raigad fort, the capital of Shivaji’s empire, Rahul said the NDA government was reversing UPA government’s pro-poor policies. “We changed an old legislation that allowed industrialists to grab land belonging to the poor so that farmers get right price for their land. The ruling party has now made gradual changes to the legislation,” said Rahul, adding that the present government was diluting many other pro-poor laws.
He accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of facilitating free trade for US-based pharmaceutical firms at the cost of making life-saving drugs unaffordable for the poor. “Cancer medication that cost Rs 8,000 now costs over Rs 1 lakh. The rich can afford treatment for cancer or diabetes in private hospitals. The poor will stand to lose,” he said. He also spoke of the Congress-led state government’s role in providing drought relief and waiving farm loans and farm power bills. “That is the kind of government we run,” he said.
Rahul flayed PM Modi for his “tall claims” about relations with Pakistan and China as part of his Lok Sabha poll campaign. “Our PM was sitting on a swing with the Chinese President while Chinese soldiers made incursions into India. Over the past few days, Pakistan has been firing from across the border, leaving our soldiers dead,” he said. Referring to Modi’s recent campaigns, he added, “Their marketing strategy is good. They sweep with a broom and the entire nation gets to see it. When the Chinese soldiers came in, no one heard about it.”
Interestingly, Rahul constantly referred to Modi as “vipaksh ke neta” (opposition leader) in his speech.
While Gandhi did not mention Congress leader Narayan Rane, he praised Prithviraj Chavan. “Chavan is a clean politician who does good work, but does not go about marketing it,” he said.
Interestingly, Rahul constantly referred to Modi as “vipaksh ke neta” (opposition leader) in his speech.
While Gandhi did not mention Congress leader Narayan Rane, he praised Prithviraj Chavan. “Chavan is a clean politician who does good work, but does not go about marketing it,” he said.

UP ministers seeking personal gains  I have a list:MulayamPrint
Written by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:32 am
After being re-elected as the national president of the Samajwadi Party, Mulayam Singh Yadav launched a scathing attack on Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav’s ministers saying they had ignored public interest for personal agenda. He also admonished the ministers for their behaviour and warned that most of the ministers will lose next elections. Mulayam was speaking at the inaugural day of the party’s three-day national convention at Janeshwar Mishra Park in Lucknow on Wednesday.
“After forming the government, some people had taken advantage. I have the list. I gave it to Ramgopal Yadav who suggested sacking the MPs, MLAs and ministers who have been working for personal interests,” Mulayam said even as Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav shared the stage with him. Mulayam’s statement drew a loud applause.
“I was not in favour of sacking them. Perhaps they will mend their ways… do not misuse the government powers,” Mulayam said. He claimed to have received letters from workers about faulty policies of the ministers. He also said that the ministers do not behave well with people. “Remember, people are supreme. You cannot fool them. It is also true that most ministers lose the Assembly elections. I remember 28-30 ministers lost during my period. If fingers are raised towards even one minister, it weakens the party,” he said. Mulayam lamented that only his family could win in Lok Sabha polls. “You all lost. Only five people from my family won. At least we can say that people have faith in the family and we can win in coming days. Soon, the power will be handed over to youths,” he stated.
Meanwhile, Mulayam got a shot in arm with Janata Dal (United) president Sharad Yadav attending the convention. Sharad Yadav said that whenever there is a crisis, the socialist regroup and unite. “I am here to clear the passage for that regrouping,” he stated.

Model villages to get smart schools and puccahousesPrint
Written by Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:30 am
In what the NDA government hopes will change the face of villages in the country, the “model villages” under Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana (SAGY) will have it all — ‘smart schools’, universal access to basic health facilities, pucca houses for the homeless, universal PDS for eligible families, e-governance, and Aadhaar cards for all.
SAGY, announced by Modi in his first Independence Day speech, will be launched on October 11. Under the scheme, each MP will adopt a village every year for all-round development, and the implementation will be aided by his/her MPLAD fund.
According to a detailed blueprint of the ambitious programme prepared by the Rural Development Ministry, which has been accessed by The Indian Express, the scheme will ensure “holistic development” of identified villages in all aspects — personal, human, social, economic and environmental development as well as provision of basic amenities and services, social security and good governance.
As per the contours of the scheme, all schools in the village will be converted to “smart schools” with IT-enabled classrooms, e-libraries and web-based teaching. It also promises “universal access to education facilities up to Class X”. In the health sector, “universal access to basic health facilities consisting of health card, medical examination” will be provided, along with total immunisation.
Continuing with this government’s emphasis on the UPA’s Aadhaar project, SAGY will ensure the provision of Aadhaar cards to all.
Pucca houses for all homeless or those living in kutcha houses will be a key focus of the scheme, besides ensuring toilets in each household and all public institutions. Other facilities include piped drinking water, all weather connectivity to the main road, electricity connection to all households, village libraries, telecom and broadband connectivity as well as CCTVs in public places.
For social security, old-age, disability and widow pensions, insurance schemes like Aam Aadmi Bima Yojana and “universal access” to the Public Distribution System to eligible households will be provided. Under the scheme, each MP will be free to identify a gram panchayat to be developed as a model village, except his or her own village and that of his/ her spouse.
SAGY also lays emphasis on “personal development” by inculcating “hygienic behaviour”, “physical exercise” and “reducing risk behaviour”, including alcoholism, smoking and substance abuse. The blueprint says deliverables under the scheme will be “classified as immediate (within three months), short term (within six months), medium term (within one year) and long term (beyond one year)”.

View from the right: Time forchangeThe editorial criticises the UN for not allowing Indian groups to “welcome and show support” to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. ( Source: Express photo )
Written by Liz Mathew | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:27 am
TIME FOR CHANGE
The editorial in the Organiser calls for changing mindsets and attitudes to get rid of pessimism and prejudice to put society on the road to “positive collectivism and constructive change”. Taking exception to the reported “washing” of the idol in a temple after Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi’s visit because he is a Mahadalit, the editorial says it was a “shocking example” of the “rigid mindset.” It argues: “No caste-based identity politics will be able to change this mindset.
Unless there is a societal resolve to curb this menace once and for all, mere legal and constitutional menace will not be able to bring the real change…” The editorial also cites RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat’s speech on Vijaya Dashami, when he said no government or administrative machinery has the power to remove the feeling of discrimination from people’s mind and that it will “end only with the efforts and initiative of society itself.”
Emphasising the need to change people’s mindset, the article says Vijaya Dashami does not signify the victory of good over evil in the external sense, but “points at getting rid of your internal evils for the real change to happen.”
The editorial also criticises the UN for not allowing Indian groups to “welcome and show support” to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Highlighting that permission was denied on the grounds that the UN can allot space only for protest, the editorial argues that such attitude reflects the “post-World War II mindset” in which international organisations were created.
LOVE TRAPS
Looking at a few instances of reel- and real-life stories on “love jihad”, an article in Panchjanya says the lives of those “trapped in love jihad” are miserable. According to girls who had become victims of this phenomenon, leading a respectable life in society would be almost impossible for them. The article cites the movies Kurbaan and Escape from Taliban, in which the Hindu heroines are “used” by their Muslim boyfriends in their jihaad, and warns that the directors wanted to send a message to the country. “Incidents of love jihad have been reported from different states across  the country.”
In the real-life story, it cites the case of shooter Tara Sahdev, who was allegedly tortured and forced to convert by her Muslim husband who had hidden his identity in order to marry her. Citing other incidents of love jihad reported from Delhi’s Najafgarh and Gokulpuri areas, the article asks Hindu girls to not only beware of such traps but also try and reach legal assistance to girls who had fallen into such traps.
US MODI-FIED
The Organiser cover story, “The US MODIfied”, says that, for the Indian-American youth, Prime Minister Narendra continued…

Had Modi pushed Lokpal  he would have been likelier towinPrint
Written by Sunanda Mehta | Ralegan Sidhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:24 am
Anna Hazare has been quiet amid the din of the assembly polls in Maharashtra. Seated in his little room at the Yadavbaba temple, and nursing a back injury that has tied him down for two months, Hazare discusses Narendra Modi, Arvind Kejriwal, and why he has chosen to not campaign for anyone.
What is your opinion of the breakup of the major alliances?
It’s a good thing alliances are off. This is as it should be — all parties should fight on their own steam —though in actuality there should not be any political parties, let alone alliances. But at least this is the lesser of the two evils.
Are you not supporting any party or independent candidates?
I am against elections based on political parties — even the Constitution does not mention parties when talking of the democratic process of elections. After Independence, Pandit Nehru hastily announced elections and we were stuck with this system. The Constitution has laid down procedures on how to form a government and elect a prime minister from independent winners. But this has never been followed and since I will never endorse a party, I have stayed away. But I am creating awareness among voters, telling them not to vote for corrupt candidates, and if they cannot find a candidate they should go for NOTA.
Has any political party or leader approached you for support?
No, they have not. Because they know I am a dangerous man.
Will the Modi factor have an effect on the Maharashtra polls?
It’s hard to say. He is doing much the same thing as other parties did during previous elections. They too held rallies, came by helicopter, booked grounds, hired people for Rs 200 a day. But what did we get? We don’t need gardi (crowds), we need dardi (empathy) to win votes. So, one doesn’t know which way it will swing. Ideally one party should get a majority but that looks difficult. Finally, it will once again be a khichdi with all its associated problems.
How would you rate the performance of the Modi government?
Five months are really not enough to make a big change. There is nothing done on the ground yet, but the new government’s thought process is good. However, I must say that if Modi had spent as much time pushing Lokpal policies as he is doing on rallies, he would have had a much better chance of winning. We were anticipating a discussion on Lokpal in the first parliamentary session but nothing of that sort happened.
Do you regret breaking up with Arvind Kejriwal and the rest?
Our team did not break. It was broken. People with vested interests ensured we were scattered so that we could not pose a combined force against them. Had we been together, we would have made a huge impact in both the Lok Sabha and the Vidhan Sabha elections. But Arvind came up with a political party, and I can never support a party. If he had not formed a party, we would have been a formidable team continued…

Police Hold News Conference on Eric Frein ManhuntWARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
RADAR: Strong Storm Moves Across Midwest and Northeast
LIVE Coverage Calendar

The hedge fund Japan tradethe hedge fund japan trade
Brent drops to 27-month low on IMF growth cutBrent drops to 27-month low on IMF growth cut
The market rebounds as investor confidence growsThe market rebounds as investor confidence grows
The market rebounds as investor confidence grows
The market rebounds as investor confidence grows.
The market rebounds as investor confidence grows.

Here s The Letter Calling On Mark Zuckerberg To Help  Servant -Like Bus Driversreddit
Facebook's bus drivers are treated like "servants" who shuttle the company's "noblemen" employees to and from work every day, according to a letter sent to Mark Zuckerberg last week.
The letter , written by Rome Aloise, principal officer of the Teamsters Union branch in Northern California, calls out Zuckerberg for the unfair treatment of Facebook's shuttle bus drivers, who are seeking union representation.
"While your employees earn extraordinary wages and are able to live and enjoy life in some of the most exclusive neighborhoods in the Bay Area, these drivers can't afford to support a family, send their children to school, or, least of all, afford to even dream of buying a house anywhere near where they work," Aloise's letter reads. "This is reminiscent of a time when noblemen were driven around in their coaches by their servants."
Facebook's drivers are employed by a contractor called Loop Transportation. Aloise's letter asks Zuckerberg, the CEO of the social networking company, to encourage Loop to recognize a union representing Facebook's bus drivers so they can collectively fight for a "fair contract that allows these drivers to earn a livable wage and support their families in dignity."
Facebook did not immediately respond to a HuffPost request for comment Monday.
According to The New York Times, Facebook's drivers make between $18 and $20 an hour . There are about 40 drivers who operate the Facebook shuttles that transport workers from San Francisco to the company's campus in Menlo Park.
Many Silicon Valley janitors, security guards and bus drivers are employed by contractors, rather than by the region's tech giants directly. While this model cuts costs for the billion-dollar companies, it often means lower wages, worse benefits and less protection for the workers.
Last week, a year after Google security guards protested their low wages, the company announced it would be severing ties with its security contractor and employing its guards directly instead.
Here's the Teamsters' letter in full (emphasis added):
October 2, 2014

A steel frame for clinical trialsUpdated: October 8, 2014 00:14 IST
A steel frame for clinical trials
Ranjit Roy Chaudhury
medical service
The regulatory framework on clinical trials needs a coherent set of stand-alone rules. This will not only ensure adherence to the principles laid down by the Supreme Court but also give impetus to the clinical trials industry in India, currently languishing due to an uncertain regulatory environment
In recent months, the quest for a safer, more transparent clinical trials regime has found new momentum. Fourteen notifications in July 2014, governing various aspects pertaining to a clinical trial — ranging from placebo-controlled trials to compensation awards — have been notified. Further, the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) has proposed a forward-looking IT-enabled information system that will ensure transparency and protect the interests of trial subjects.
These developments are important steps for the clinical trials regime in India to satisfy the three principles laid down by the Supreme Court for approving trials — assessment of risk versus benefit to patients, need for innovation vis-à-vis existing therapeutic option and the unmet medical needs in the country. But for satisfying these standards, much more remains to be done. The entire regulatory framework pertaining to clinical trials needs to be overhauled and a clear, coherent and succinct set of stand-alone rules needs to be introduced for this purpose. This will not only ensure adherence to the principles laid down by the Supreme Court but also give impetus to the clinical trials industry in India, currently languishing due to an uncertain regulatory environment.
Accreditation and ethics
There are three key changes that are essential if the clinical trials regime in India is to be put on a firm foundation — instituting a structured accreditation process accrediting investigators, trial sites and ethics committees, making ethics committees function effectively and ensuring diligent adherence to guidelines concerning informed consent from trial subjects. Each of these three aspects has been studied closely by the committee headed by one of us, the Ranjit Roy Chaudhury Committee, with detailed recommendations provided.
Accreditation must become the centrepiece of a new clinical trials regime founded on the principle of patient safety. Accreditation ensures adherence to certain quality standards thereby instilling confidence not only in patients who will be trial subjects but equally in the industry, which is responsible for conducting the trials. Thus, principal investigators of trials should be accredited depending on their qualifications, experience and training; trial sites should be accredited on the basis of infrastructure, personnel and systems; finally, institute ethics committees must be accredited keeping in mind the experience of their members and the standard operating processes for review which are used. Guidelines in this regard have been prepared recently by an expert committee; these must be implemented post-haste. If this is done, India would be the first country anywhere in the world to institute such a structured process of accreditation.
Conflicts of interest and consent
Accreditation of ethics committees is an especially central element towards making such committees effective custodians of the safety and probity of all clinical trials. Several cases of casualties in clinical trials have emerged in the past few years, where compliance with standard operating processes were shoddy or such processes themselves were absent. In an Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) publication, the independence of ethics committees and conflict of interest questions were highlighted. To correct this, it is not only essential that ethics committees are accredited but also develop standard operating procedures that are capable of effective implementation. To follow such procedures, members of ethics committees need to undergo high-quality mandatory training. This requires a combination of men and women of wisdom and experience and training protocols that are succinct and geared towards ensuring safe and effective trials where all norms are strictly followed.
A key positive spin-off of accredited ethics committees would be to prevent conflicts of interest. The Ranjit Roy Chaudhury Expert Committee Report pointed out gross malpractices and unscrupulous decisions in clinical trials caused owing to ethics committee members having an interest in the trial itself. To offset this, a key facet of accreditation would be a strict adherence to finding independent persons to serve on ethics committees. This can be achieved by a combination of randomised allocation of experts to particular ethics committees together with a supplementary check by the accrediting body. A hybrid process, part-automatic with a supplementary human element, would not only ensure independence of the ethics committee in fact, but also create a positive perception of such independence in the minds of trial subjects.
Such a positive perception of the independence of ethics committees, it is believed, would become a key facet of securing informed consent of trial subjects. The need for informed consent was a key norm that was recently found by the United States Office for Human Research Protections (OHRP) to be flouted in a cervical cancer study funded by the U.S. National Cancer Institute and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Till April 2014, 254 women in unscreened control groups in these trials have died. The OHRP determined that insufficient information was provided in order for these and other women to give informed consent to participate in the trial.
Towards a new order
Culpability in this matter is still an open question that might require judicial intervention. However, at this stage, it is clear that the episode demonstrates the lack of effective protocols to ensure that informed consent is truly on the basis of relevant information and the lack of clear methods to ascertain the taking of such consent. This has been partially offset by CDSCO which issued draft guidelines earlier this year on audio-visual recording of informed consent process in clinical trial. This mandates audio-visual recording and safe storage of the taking of informed consent from trial subjects. This is a welcome move. However it is imperative to keep in mind the privacy of patients who might not wish to be recorded. Thus, it is recommended that such recording should be mandatory subject only to waiver by the trial patient or the ethics committee, keeping in mind the equally significant principle of patient privacy.
Not only is the substance of the changes mentioned significant, but equally the form it takes. Best practices worldwide demonstrate that having a succinct, stand-alone set of rules governing clinical trials promotes transparency and increases certainty. Currently, the legal architecture governing clinical trials is complex with several facets governed by the Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, 1945, a slew of notifications thereunder, and some facets regulated by the proposed Drugs and Cosmetics (Amendment) Bill, 2013, pending in the Rajya Sabha.
It is essential that the recommended reforms together with any other changes proposed by CDSCO are brought under a consolidated umbrella of rules governing clinical trials. This will give the clinical trials industry the necessary certainty to undertake trials in India with confidence. The benefits for India — in terms of development of new drugs, employment generation in the clinical trials industry and ensuring a safe environment for its citizens desirous of participating in clinical trials — would be tremendous. Most crucially, it would demonstrate the seriousness that the government attaches to effective public health systems and scientific progress, two goals of a well-functioning clinical trials regime that must also become the pillars on which modern India is built.
(Ranjit Roy Chaudhury was Chairman of the Expert Committee to formulate policy, Guidelines, SOPs for approval of new drugs and clinical trials and banning of drugs. Arghya Sengupta is Research Director, Vidhi Centre for Legal Policy.)

Watch Marriage Equality Go From Minority Issue To Majority Right In Just A Few Yearsreddit
On May 17, 2004 , Massachusetts became the first U.S. state to conduct same-sex nuptials, following a decision by the Massachusetts Supreme Court the year before. The state issued hundreds of marriage licenses, couples tied the knot and the rest of the nation waited. And waited.
In the summer of 2008, gay couples in California were briefly granted the right to get married, only to have it taken away in a voter referendum later that year. The California referendum passed just days before Connecticut became the next state to legalize same-sex marriage. More than four years passed between the first and second states embracing marriage equality, but the movement would move much faster from that point on. In the previous two years alone, gay marriage has advanced from a minority issue in a few, mostly blue states to a full-blown majority right in more than 30 states across the nation, as well as Washington, D.C.
More than 60 percent of Americans now live in states that allow same-sex nuptials, HuffPost's Sam Stein and Amanda Terkel reported Monday in the wake of a U.S. Supreme Court decision not to hear appeals from states challenging lower court rulings that had recently legalized gay marriage. With 13 more states -- including Nevada and Idaho, which joined the ranks on Tuesday -- beginning or set to begin allowing same-sex marriages, check out how the equality movement has grown below.
GIF created by Jan Diehm for the Huffington Post.
Correction: Wisconsin was originally omitted from the GIF in Oct. 2014. The GIF has been updated to include Wisconsin.
Also on HuffPost:

Berlin holds firm on fiscal rigourBerlin holds firm on fiscal rigour despite recession risk
By Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8e84de3c-4e34-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US university names business school after Indian AmericanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Yum Brands can t shake China troubleKFC parent cuts profit expectations in half
By Melvin Backman   @CNNMoney October 7, 2014: 6:48 PM ET
 
KFC's spoiled meat dogs Chinese consumers
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Yum Brands cut its profit expectations in half as it continues to deal with the fallout of a Chinese meat scandal over the summer.
It initially expected earnings to grow more than 20%. It now is warning of only 6% to 10% growth.
As the scandal unfolded, the parent of KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut said sales were slumping and cautioned investors it would take a hit.
Yum said Tuesday that "sales typically take six to nine months to recover from these types of events."
Related: KFC's China sales tanked over the summer after food safety concerns
China is hugely important to Yum ( YUM ), providing more than a third of the company's overall profits. But profits at the China division have fallen nearly 40% since last year.
This summer's fiasco, involving tainted and expired meat, was the second big food scandal for the company in as many years .
A company spokesman insisted that the meat supplier behind the mishandled product — Shanghai Husi, a subsidiary of Illinois-based OSI Group — was only involved in a couple of unspecified breakfast products.
Related: Chinese regulators expanded fast food supplier disclosures after the scandal
Yum cut ties with company after the scandal broke and is considering legal action, the spokesman said.
McDonald's ( MCD ) stood by OSI and is dealing with similar issues. It said last month that the scare led to a 14.5% same-store sales dip in Asia, Africa and the Middle East.
The breakfast connection could be especially painful for Pizza Hut, which has opened nearly 1,400 new locations in China, a 20% bump from last year. Breakfast is an important part of Pizza Hut's strategy there.
On this side of the Pacific, Taco Bell's breakfast provided considerably better news. That division's profits, largely derived in the states, were up 16% mainly on the back of the new offerings.
The spokesman said protests in Hong Kong , a strengthening dollar and lower economic growth weren't big concerns for the company.
Yum's earnings per share came in at 87 cents, a penny short of expectations. The stock was flat in after-hours trading.
First Published: October 7, 2014: 6:48 PM ET
Most Popular

Legacies  Clouds and Uncertaintiesreddit
The recovery continues, but it is weak and uneven.
You have now seen the basic numbers from our latest projections in the October 2014  World Economic Outlook released today.  We forecast world growth to be 3.3% in 2014, down 0.1% from our July forecast, and 3.8% in 2015, down 0.2% from our July forecast.
This number hides however very different evolutions.  Some countries have recovered or nearly recovered.  But others are still struggling.
Looking around the world, economies are subject to two main forces.  One from the past:  Countries have to deal with the legacies of the financial crisis, ranging from debt overhangs to high unemployment.  One from the future, or more accurately, the anticipated future:   Potential growth rates are being revised down, and these worse prospects are in turn affecting confidence, demand, and growth today.
Because these two forces play in different countries to different degrees, economic evolutions are becoming more differentiated.  With this in mind, let me take you on the usual quick tour of the world:
Growth prospects vary in advanced economies
Among advanced countries, the United States and the United Kingdom in particular are leaving the financial crisis behind and achieving decent growth.  Even for them however, potential growth is lower than it was in the early 2000s.
Japan is growing, but high public debt inherited from the past, together with very low potential growth going forward, raise major macroeconomic and fiscal challenges.
Growth in the euro area nearly stalled earlier this year, even in the core.  While this reflects in part temporary factors, both legacies, primarily in the south, and low potential growth, nearly everywhere, are playing a role in slowing down the recovery.
Emerging markets are adjusting to slower growth
In emerging market economies, lower potential growth is the dominating factor.  For emerging market economies as a whole, potential growth is now forecast to be 1.5% lower than it was in 2011.   But, there again, differentiation is the rule:
China is maintaining high growth, despite the end of a housing and a credit boom.  Looking forward, rebalancing is likely to imply slightly lower growth, but this must be seen as a healthy development.
India has recovered from its relative slump, and, thanks in part to policy and a renewal of confidence, growth is expected to exceed 5% again.
By contrast, uncertain investment prospects in Russia had already led to low growth before the Ukraine crisis, and the crisis has made it worse.  Uncertain prospects and low investment, are also weighing on Brazil.
Finally, low income developing countries continue to do remarkably well, and this despite a slowdown in commodity prices.  We forecast their growth rate to b 6.1% in 2014, 6.5 in 2015.
Downside risks are clearly present
The long period of low interest rates has led to some search for yield, and financial markets may be too complacent about the future.  One should not overplay these risks, but, clearly, policy makers should be on the lookout.  Macro prudential tools are the right instruments, but one has to worry that they may not be up to the task.
Geopolitical risks have become more relevant.   So far, there is little evidence that Ukraine crisis has had measurable effects beyond the affected countries and their immediate neighbors.  Nor has turmoil in the Middle East affected either the level or the volatility of energy prices very much.   But, clearly, the risk that they do so in the future is there, and could affect the world economy in a major way.
The third risk is a stalling of the recovery in the euro area, the risk that demand weakens further, and that low inflation turns into deflation.  This is not our baseline, as we believe fundamentals are slowly improving, but, were it to happen, it would clearly be the major issue confronting the world economy.
And this takes me to policy implications
In advanced economies, policies must both deal with the legacies of the crisis and address low potential growth.  With respect to legacies, while a major focus has been on improving bank balance sheets, debt overhang of firms and households remains an issue in a number of countries.   So long as demand remains weak, monetary accommodation and low interest rates remain of the essence.
The weak recovery in the euro area has triggered a new debate about the stance of fiscal policy. The low spreads on sovereign bonds suggest that the fiscal consolidation of the past few years has led financial investors to believe that current fiscal paths are sustainable. This credibility, which was acquired at a high price, should not be threatened. This does not mean however that there is no scope for fiscal policy to sustain the recovery. As we argue in one of the analytical chapters, infrastructure investment , even if debt financed, may well be justified and can help demand in the short run and supply in the medium run.  And, were the risk of stalling to materialize, being ready to do more is also important.
Finally, one obviously wishes that potential growth were higher.  This would not only be good for itself, but it would also make fiscal and financial challenges much less daunting.  Increasing potential output, let alone potential growth, is however a tall order, and expectations should remain realistic.  Yet, in most countries, specific structural reforms can help.  The challenge, for both advanced and emerging market countries, is to go beyond the general mantra of ``structural reforms," to identify which reforms are most needed, which reforms are politically feasible.
Perhaps more generally, the challenge for policy makers is to reestablish confidence, through a clear plan to deal with both the legacies of the crisis and the challenge of low potential growth.
From iMFdirect Blog
More:

Chinas first bond default set for bailoutChina landmark bond default heads towards bailout
By Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/10adc7be-4ebe-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Narayana Murthy  Gopalakrishnan bid farewell to Infosys | M-cap down Rs 10K crYou are here: Home > Collections
NR Narayana Murthy, S Gopalakrishnan bid farewell to Infosys
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 08.21PM IST
Tags:
Infosys
(Gopalakrishnan & Narayana…)
BANGALORE: Thirty-three years after starting Infosys, its founders NR Narayana Murthy and S Gopalakrishnan today bade farewell to the over USD 8 billion IT firm with the former saying he has no regrets and the latter emphasising that politics is not his cup of tea.
Seven co-founders, led by Murthy, set up the Bangalore- based firm in 1981. Murthy had the longest run of about 21 years as CEO before passing the baton to Nandan Nilekani and then Gopalakrishnan and S D Shibulal .
Murthy returned to the the over USD 8 billion firm for a second stint as Chairman in June last year after Infosys hit rough waters, falling behind peers like TCS and HCL Technologies. But he left midway following a spate of senior executives leaving the company.
Murthy and Gopalakrishnan stepped down as executive chairman and executive vice chairman, respectively, on June 14. They, however, continue on the board till October 10 as non-executive chairman and non-executive vice chairman, respectively.
Addressing media persons, Murthy said he had no regrets. "I have no regrets at all. Life is about doing certain things and not doing certain things. At the end of the day, it is the sum total of all this....so I have no regrets," Murthy said.
When asked about the high point during his stint, Murthy said it was the listing of Infosys on Nasdaq, the first Indian company to do so.
Murthy will be designated as Chairman Emeritus from October 11.
Gopalakrishnan, or Kris as he is fondly known, said he is not set out for politics.
"In my case, at least at this point, no political ambitions at all. I don't think I am set out for politics," he said when asked if he too will join politics like his former colleagues Nilekani and V Balakrishnan.
He added that he is looking at pursuing two areas, research and entrepreneurship, in the days ahead.
In August this year, Infosys appointed former SAP board member Vishal Sikka as its CEO and Managing Director.
Sikka is the first outsider (and not part of the co-founder's club) to lead the Bangalore-based firm. He took over from Shibulal.
Talking about the transition, Shibulal said it is like any other transition at any other firm. "This is an organisation with very strong values and beliefs. It believes in speed and innovation and I hope they will continue to be preserved."
Sikka has been tasked to steer the firm, which has seen four straight years of narrowing margins. Besides, almost a dozen senior executives have left since last year when co-founder Murthy returned as chairman.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China suffers first corporate bond defaultChina suffers first corporate bond default
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d4ccd956-a5cb-11e3-9818-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Analysts shrug off China bond defaultChina bond default unlikely to spark domino effect
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong and Simon Rabinovitch in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a631bf3c-a763-11e3-9c7d-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan  US revising defense plans with eye on...Japan, US revising defense plans with eye on China
AP Oct 8, 2014, 08.54PM IST
Tags:
Beijing
(China, ahead of the report's…)
TOKYO: Japan and the United States are revising their mutual defense guidelines for the first time in nearly two decades to respond to China's military expansion and increase Japan's role in regional defense.
An interim report released today says the US and Japan are pursuing a wider partnership that requires "enhanced capabilities and greater shared responsibilities."
The revision, the first since 1997, comes at a time of heightened Japan-China tensions over islands claimed by both countries in the East China Sea, as well as continuing concern about North Korea's missile and nuclear weapons development.
"What we need to address today is quite different from what we were aiming for in 1997," Koji Kano, a Defense Ministry official in the Japan-US cooperation division, told reporters earlier this week. "The point is how Japan and the US can respond better in the current environment."
The revised guidelines will factor in policy changes under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that enable Japan to shoulder more responsibility for its own and regional defense, and relieve some of America's military burden in the Asia-Pacific region.
China, ahead of the report's release, said it would closely watch the new guidelines and warned that they should not infringe on its interests.
"It should not go beyond its bilateral scope. It should not hurt the interest of a third party such as China," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said at a regular news briefing in Beijing .
In July, in a historic shift in Japan's post World War II defense policy, Abe's Cabinet approved a new interpretation of Japan's pacifist constitution. The reinterpretation allows the military to defend the US and other allies under what is known as collective self-defense.
Japan also adopted defense guidelines last December that make southern island defense a priority, notably the Japanese-controlled disputed islands, which are called Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China.
The interim report stresses the importance of "seamless" coordination between Japan and the US to ensure a swift response to a range of contingencies, including ones that fall short of an actual military attack.
Japan has raised concern in earlier reports about so-called gray zone incidents, such as Chinese fishermen occupying the disputed islands or a foreign submarine entering the waters around them.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rajasthan Investment Promotion Scheme-2014 launchedRajasthan Investment Promotion Scheme-2014 launched
The True Story Of How 4 Ordinary Americans Ended Up In The Biggest Show Of The YearThe True Story Of How 4 Ordinary Americans Ended Up In The Biggest Show Of The Year
Posted:
reddit
Recall the famous New Yorker cover “ View of the World from 9th Avenue ,” by Saul Steinberg. All of America is shown from the vantage point of western Manhattan. In the distance lies the country’s West coast and not much else. New York City, naturally, is dead center.
This is the cartographic delusion that rules the art world. At this year’s Whitney Biennial — a powerful commercial launching pad for young artists, in much the same way “Saturday Night Live” is for comedians — more than 70 of the 100 or so chosen painters, sculptors, videographers and the like worked either in California or New York.
Plucked From Obscurity
The following artists all hail from a different corner of America. None of them had been exhibited outside of their region before the Crystal Bridges show.
Northeast
This “Steinbergian view of the country” is anathema to Don Bacigalupi, president of Crystal Bridges, the ambitious museum of American art in tiny Bentonville, Arkansas, founded in 2011 by Walmart heiress Alice Walton. Speaking from his vast, glass-walled place of employment, Bacigalupi discussed the museum’s new counterpoint to the Steinbergian worldview, an exhibit instantly coined “the anti-Whitney Biennial” by the press upon its opening last month. The elevator pitch for State of the Art : one hundred works, no big names and an insane road trip.
They didn’t know how to comport themselves. Many were shocked and curious as to why we’d traveled across the country.
In concert, the three elements make the exhibit nothing short of historic. For 10 months, Bacigalupi and curator Chad Alligood crisscrossed the country, dropping into the studios of 960 artists. The studio visit is a mythologized rite of passage — portrayed in movies as the moment an artist’s fortune changes — and most of Bacigalupi’s and Alligood’s hosts had never experienced one. “They didn’t know how to comport themselves,” Bacigalupi told The Huffington Post a few days after the opening of the exhibit. “Many were shocked and curious as to why we’d traveled across the country.”
With good reason. “This is not the way exhibitions of contemporary art are curated,” Alligood admitted, citing “a bit of fear” in the curatorial community and in museum leadership. The risks lie not only in the process (just try explaining a year of slow emails with “We’re not going to be in the office, because we’ll be in Idaho or Omaha,” as Alligood put it), but in shirking the typical approach to museum fundraising, where a star artist or piece is used to entice sponsors. Instead, Alligood said, “I had to say ‘Trust us.’”
Crystal Bridges, designed by the renowned architect Moshe Safdie, differs fundamentally from other museums of its size in that it is privately owned. Funded by Walton, it operates in service of her stated goal to transform a region. And indeed, Bentonville — a city nestled in the Ozarks, an area known primarily for its natural beauty — has changed around the museum. Where once the big attraction was the Walmart Museum, featuring a five-and-dime styled after Sam Walton’s original store, the downtown now brims with pint-size galleries, posh restaurants and an outpost of the boutique art-themed hotel chain 21c. A representative for the city’s chamber of commerce said that hotel and restaurant tax collection has increased by more than 12 percent each year since Crystal Bridges opened its doors.
The tourists aren’t your average art fiends. More than 1 million people have visited Crystal Bridges so far, and according to museum records, a good number of them have been real first-timers — meaning they've never stepped into a museum before in their lives. This statistic informed Bacigalupi’s vision for State of the Art, which he sees as a chance to do justice to contemporary art, a field he believes is unfairly maligned. “If we think about the stereotypes that attend it,” he said, “that it’s difficult to understand, that it’s something a child could do, that it may not have anything to say to us as a society — we wanted to counter all of those notions.”
He also expanded an idea he’d floated to Alice Walton while interviewing for his current post. At the time, Bacigalupi was director of the Toledo Museum in Ohio, the epicenter of “a very lively and very deeply rooted art scene,” he said. “I thought with this new museum, there might be an opportunity to focus the lens around practice happening in all parts of the country.”
The curators discuss how the artists interpret their cultural heritage in their work.
Walton is seen as something of a hawk in the art world — keen-eyed and dangerous, with a tendency to buy from insolvent institutions with beloved collections. She’s a natural disruptor, according to Alligood. Where some founders might have bristled at a long road trip toward a dream, Walton welcomed the plan. Omnipotence helps. “At other institutions, you have to convince a lot more people to make the gears turn,” Alligood noted.
From the start, the exhibit demanded a new process. Bacigalupi and Alligood canvassed hundreds of art professionals embedded in local scenes for names. From a total of 10,000 promising artists they chiseled a short list of 1,000. These they partitioned into four regions: Northeast, Northwest, South and West. Every week for nearly a year, the two men flew to a hub in one of these regions, rented a car and got going. Often, they visited a dozen or more studios in a day, capturing video and audio footage of the artist at each stop. They drove into dodgy city neighborhoods and one-road towns where the GPS didn’t work. No two studio spaces were alike, from front porches to basements to an overgrown bay in an abandoned Coca-Cola factory. The oldest artist they visited was in her eighties, the youngest a 10-year-old boy whose mother was on the list. (When he heard who was coming, he left his work out where the men couldn’t miss it, before leaving for school.) Another artist died a few weeks after the visit.
After each stop, the men composed a code they could later use to remember the work they saw, a process Bacigalupi likens in the exhibit catalogue to writing a haiku. The phrases, each three words long, describe the essentials of an artist’s work. (The catalogue lists some tantalizing ones — for example, “psychotropic video travelogues.”) The duo also scored the artists, Olympics-style, on a 10-point scale measuring qualities chosen with the audience in mind: virtuosity, engagement and appeal.
Bacigalupi considers this travelogue as vital as the exhibit, calling it “a database for the future about research at this moment in American practice.”
HuffPost’s look into State of the Art interweaves some of this data with our own profiles of four artists, none of whose work had been shown outside their geographical region before Crystal Bridges swooped in. Justin Favela , a Las Vegas artist, mines his Chicano heritage, as well as the high-low culture of Sin City, to produce outsized piñatas that wouldn’t look out of place in a photo shoot by David LaChapelle. In Florida, Hiromi Moneyhun uses only an X-Acto knife and memories of the paper-cut illustrations she loved as a girl in Japan to turn out large, mind-bendingly intricate structures. Twin Cities artist Andy DuCett turns the old trope of “Minnesota nice” into performance art, with a cast of actual moms. And Vanessa L. German makes "power figures" from trash for the children in the depressed Homewood neighborhood of Pittsburgh, where she lives.
The concerns of these artists are at once regional and global. Together, they form what Bacigalupi calls “a truer image of the country.” Even Saul Steinberg might agree: It’s a fine view.
To explore all of the 102 works in State of the Art, visit the exhibit website or download the museum’s dedicated app, available for Apple or Android devices.
Opener illustration by Troy Dunham
More:

Allen & Overy expands into Africa© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5d60cfe0-4ef8-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hacking a Big Danger for Small BusinessesKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Sinai Health System lands TIF funding for renovationBusiness
Sinai Health System wins approval for $31 million in TIF financing
The Sinai Health System won approval for $31 million in tax increment financing on Wednesday to help fund a massive renovation project at its hospitals on the south and west sides of the city.
The $100 million Sinai project includes an expansion and renovation of its outpatient care facilities, construction of a new 24-bed behavioral health unit and updates to patient rooms at Mount Sinai Hospital, making all of the rooms private.
The hospital system will renovate lab and radiology departments and dialysis facilities, and make power system upgrades.

Latest iPads  Mac System Expected at Oct. 16 EventKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

http://usat.ly/1xoCn3GFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow scores biggest gain of 2014 on Fed minutes
Stocks are inching higher Wednesday after the market was slammed in the prior session and as Germany's  key benchmark slid into correction territory.
Post to Facebook
Dow scores biggest gain of 2014 on Fed minutes Stocks are inching higher Wednesday after the market was slammed in the prior session and as Germany's  key benchmark slid into correction territory. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xoCn3G
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
48
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow scores biggest gain of 2014 on Fed minutes
Video Keywords Wall Street Federal Reserve broad market interest rates S&P 500 company index Alibaba NASDAQ USA today Iraq Europe's
Big stock price swings are back. Can the bull regain its mojo? Or is it on borrowed time? Adam Shell reports.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:06  Scared yet. Stocks are under pressure big price swings are
00:10  back in the bull regain it's no joke wears it on
00:13  borrowed time. Hi I'm -- shell of USA today. After the
00:18  Dow's 273. Point drop Tuesday its biggest since July 31. Wall
00:24  Street is on edge. Investors are worried they're unsure if this
00:28  is just another mini correction or the star of the real
00:31  thing. The -- US market hasn't suffered a 10% drop in
00:35  more than three years and so called corrections. Normally occur every
00:40  eighteen to twenty months. So the market is due for double
00:43  digit drop. The market hasn't suffered a bear market more than
00:47  five years. To say the market is turned turbulent would be
00:50  an understatement. The Dow is plunged more than 100 point five
00:54  of the past twelve days. And the broad market has been
00:57  hitting new highs since the Alibaba IPO on September 19. We're
01:02  nearly three weeks ago. Since then the Dow is down 3.2
01:06  percent. The S&P 500 is down 4% the NASDAQ is up
01:10  5% and the Russell 2000 small company index has climbed 11%.
01:15  And is now in correction territory. The tone of the market
01:18  is turned darker and there's plenty of reasons why Europe's economy
01:22  is in shambles global growth fears arising. Geopolitics is also --
01:27  rest of the equation. The fight against terrorists has resumed in
01:30  Iraq and the -- crisis has added to the yanks. All
01:35  those worries are colliding with a market that's trading near all
01:37  time highs. A market that's trading at price your valuations and
01:41  historical average. And a market that's coming to grips with the
01:44  fact the Federal Reserve is preparing to raise interest rates next
01:48  year for the first time in eight years. As a result
01:52  investors are taking profits and taking less risk. Wall Street is
01:56  hoping to sell awful again attract bargain hunters the F and
02:00  500 suffered its sixth biggest loss of the year Tuesday. And
02:03  the month after four of the five prior big one day
02:06  drops the market is up anywhere from 2.5. Percent to 6%.
02:11  Right now Wall Street hoping divided that crowd comes to the
02:14  rescue again. If they don't hopes for a market bounce or
02:18  rebound we'll be put on hold.
Ed Brackett , USA TODAY 4:25 p.m. EDT October 8, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
241 CONNECT 222 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The whipsaw ride on Wall Street continued Wednesday as the Dow Jones industrial average scored its biggest gain of the year when the release of the minutes of the Federal Reserve's September meeting showed little change from its previous statements.
After stocks trading fairly quietly through the early part of the day, the 2 p.m. ET release of the Fed minutes sparked a powerful rally that by the close had the Dow, Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite index finishing with gains ranging from 1.6% to 1.9%.
The Dow jumped 274.83 points, or 1.6%, to 16,994.22 -- erasing all of a 273-point dive Tuesday that dropped the blue-chip average to its lowest level since mid August. That was the Dow's biggest jumped since a 293-point surge on Dec. 18, 2013.
TUESDAY: Dow drops 273; S&P loses 1.5%
The S&P 500 was up 33.79 points, or 1.8%, to 1968.89 and the Nasdaq gained 83.39 points, or 1.9%, to 4468.59.
In its statement, the Fed as expected said that it planned to end its market-friendly bond-buying program, called quantitative easing, after this month.
Fed minutes: Little changed
The Fed has been purchasing Treasury and mortgage-backed securities to keep long-term interest rates low. The Fed also showed no inclination to increase the key federal funds rate, currently near zero. In its statement, the Fed said that it plans to keep the fed funds rate at its current level for a "considerable time" after its bond-buying program ends.
The Fed minutes were the first big potential concern on Wall Street's schedule today. Act two came after the close with the unofficial start to third-quarter earnings season with results from Alcoa. The aluminum giant also didn't deliver any bad news, when its third-quarter earnings jumped 71% and easily topped analysts' estimates.
The strong performance in the U.S. reversed a trend of losses in major markets elsewhere around the globe. European markets ended lower and Germany's DAX shed 1% to below 9000. That is a sharp turn from June when it crossed above the 10,000 mark for the first time and means the stock index for Europe's largest economy now is more than 10% below its high and therefore in correction territory. Before that, Japan's Nikkei 225 index fell more than 1% and stocks in Hong Kong dropped 0.5%.
Before the Fed minutes release, U.S. stock indexes were largely unchanged as investors digested the latest economic news. Wage growth is picking up more rapidly than government reports show , according to new data from top payroll processor ADP, suggesting that the economic recovery may be more robust than believed. Hourly pay for private-sector workers was up 4.5% in the third quarter compared to a year ago, a new ADP report reveals, much higher than the 2% annual growth reported by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
#BREAKING Wages up 4.5% from a year ago, payroll processor ADP says http://t.co/Oq8NPuqlYo
— USA TODAY (@USATODAY) October 8, 2014
Wednesday's welcome bounce might have erased the pain of Tuesday's plunge, but the U.S. market still is in relatively precarious state following a turbulent period that still has Dow down 1.7% from its record close on Sept. 19. The slide has come on big volatility. Since its peak, the Dow has suffered nine triple-digit moves, and five of those were on the downside.

http://usat.ly/1vW7n9RFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Fed minutes: Little changed
The September minutes of the Federal Reserve's powerful Open Market Committee showed little change from its previous statements and few surprises for bulls or bears
Post to Facebook
Fed minutes: Little changed The September minutes of the Federal Reserve's powerful Open Market Committee showed little change from its previous statements and few surprises for bulls or bears Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vR25yn
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
14
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Fed minutes: Little changed
John Waggoner , USA TODAY 8:51 p.m. EDT October 8, 2014
Everyone thought interest rates would bounce back up after the unemployment rate fell below 6%, but not so fast. The Federal Reserve is worried about the lack growth overseas and wants to keep the rates low for the time being. Newslook
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen arrives for a Board of Governors meeting at the Federal Reserve in Washington, Wednesday, Sept. 3, 2014. The meeting is to discuss a final rulemaking to implement a quantitative liquidity requirement in the United States as well as a proposed rule on margin requirements for non-cleared swaps of prudentially regulated swap entities.
(Photo: Susan Walsh, AP)
138 CONNECT 81 TWEET 78 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The September minutes of the Federal Reserve's powerful Open Market Committee showed little change from its previous statements — which made bulls on Wall Street extremely happy.
The Dow Jones industrial average soared more than 100 points on signs the Fed wouldn't raise short-term interest rates soon.
As expected, the Fed said that it planned to end its market-friendly bond-buying program, called quantitative easing, after this month. The Fed has been purchasing Treasury and mortgage-backed securities to keep long-term interest rates low.
And the Fed showed no inclination to increase the key federal funds rate, currently near zero. In its statement, the Fed said that it plans to keep the fed funds rate at its current level for a "considerable time" after its bond-buying program ends.
Dow scores biggest gain of 2014 on Fed minutes
In March, Yellen said that "a considerable time" could mean "six months," which would put the first fed funds increase around May.
Two members of the committee, Richard Fisher, president of the Dallas Fed, and Charles Plosser, president of the Philadelphia Fed, dissented. They dissented at the July meeting as well.
The Fed's mandate is to keep the economy growing at a rate that doesn't produce inflation. In the FOMC's minutes, the Fed said that labor conditions had improved, but that the unemployment rate was little changed. Another worry: Most measures of earnings showed little increase, in part because workers were in ample supply.
Other worries:
•The housing recovery remained slow in all but a few areas, despite extremely low mortgage rates.
•Slow growth in Europe could mean a higher value for the dollar, making U.S. exports more expensive.
•Fiscal policy — that is, diminishing government spending — was restraining economic growth.
"The most relevant shift in the minutes was the focus on the dollar," says Bill Irving, portfolio manager of Fidelity Government Income fund. "It has appreciated against the euro, the yen and the pound because of persistent global economic stagnation."
And despite the Fed's easy-money approach, there's little sign that Wall Street is concerned about inflation, even in the long term," Irving says. Based on implied inflation expectations from yields on Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities (TIPS), Wall Street's long-term inflation expectations are nearly a quarter of a percentage point below the Fed's, he says.
More worrisome: The Fed will find it easier to fight inflation with rates near zero than it will find fighting economic weakness, Irving says. The Fed can raise interest rates fairly easily to combat rising prices. If the economy slumps again, "It has few bullets left," he says.
Because the financial outlook in Europe has dimmed since the Fed's last meeting, some economists think that Fed rate hikes might not start until the third quarter of 2015. The bellwether 10-year Treasury note yield has sagged to 2.38% from 3.03% at the end of 2013, despite the Fed's bond purchases, indicating low inflation and low economic activity. "The disinflationary implications of global economic slack and a stronger dollar exchange rate suggest that the first hiking of fed funds may not occur until 2015's third quarter," says John Lonski, Team Managing Director, Economics Group, at Moody's Analytics.
138 CONNECT 81 TWEET 78 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vR25yn
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

http://usat.ly/1Ev2BWSEbola drug stock dives when patient dies
By: Matt Krantz October 8, 2014 1:44 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Shares of Chimerix (CMRX) are down 9% Wednesday following the death of a person taking the company’s drug to treat an  Ebola infection.
Shares are down $3 a share, or 9%, to $30.20 after officials state Thomas Eric Duncan died after being the first confirmed case of a person with an Ebola in the U.S. Duncan was given Chimerix’ experimental drug brincidofovir to help combat the infection.
Speculators have been trying to find a way to profit from the Ebola outbreak. There is no cure for Ebola to date. So far, the infection has taken the lives of thousands of people in West Africa, which is where the infection is most concentrated. Investors hoped the drug would be a promising way to arrest the rise of the disease. The company on Tuesday said its brincidofovir drug had good results for patients infected with certain respiratory diseases.

Dow Jones Industrial Average Jumps 200 Points After Fed Signals Continued Low Interest RatesKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

GT Advanced s 80% advance: Don t be fooled80% in two days! Have they got a deal for you.
By: David Craig October 8, 2014 1:10 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
On Monday, shares of GT Advanced Technologies ( GTAT ) plummeted 93% following news the company had filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
That made perfect sense.
Since its close Monday, the stock midday Wednesday was up roughly 80%, including a 19% rise for the day.
That makes no sense, even though the stock was only back up to roughly $1.45 a share.
In its Chapter 11 filing, GT only said that it “is facing a severe liquidity crisis due to circumstances that will be more fully described.” Speculation is focusing on the possibility that GT, which makes sapphire glass screens, had run into some sort of difficulty with Apple in their deal for GT to supply the gadget maker sapphire screens for its devices.
Speculators can bet on how the arrangement between GT and Apple will unfold, but investors who are tempted by the stock’s big gains should a do a quick read up on what happens to common stockholders when a company goes through Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization.
Basically, creditors and bondholders get priority when it comes to getting repaid.
Stockholders go to the back of the line.
Here’s how the Securities and Exchange Commission sums it up in its explanation of what every investor should know about corporate bankruptcy:
“Investors should be cautious when buying common stock of companies in Chapter 11 bankruptcy. It is extremely risky and is likely to lead to financial loss. Although a company may emerge from bankruptcy as a viable entity, generally, the creditors and the bondholders become the new owners of the shares. In most instances, the company’s plan of reorganization will cancel the existing equity shares.” 
Still want to take a roll on GT stock? (Apparently not. Wednesday the stock closed down 9% at $1.10 a share.) 

Wall St. jumps one percent after Fed minutesS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Geithner and AIG: Hard Lessons From the  Bailout TrialA lawsuit currently being tried in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims argues that AIG shouldn't have been treated any more harshly than Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, or any of the other institutions the government rescued.
There's merit to that argument.
It goes on to assert that AIG deserved the same kind of cushy deal the government gave to the other institutions it rescued.
That's a stretch.
The goal of the lawsuit -- to provide even more for AIG's bailed-out shareholders -- seems absurd. But at least this lawsuit, which has already seen testimony from two former Treasury secretaries, is finally giving the American people some hard lessons in the workings of the bailout process and the shortcomings of our current economic system.
We don't know who'll win in the end. But we probably know who'll lose.
Full Disclosure
A conflict of interest note: I worked for AIG for a number of years (not in the financial division, but as a midlevel manager and technical analyst in the healthcare and risk management divisions), and met then-CEO Maurice "Hank" Greenberg a couple of times
That AIG background may have contributed to my initial reaction when I first read that the notoriously aggressive Greenberg was suing the Treasury Department and the New York Fed. As the Wall Street Journal reported in 2011, he accused them of "wrongly taking control of the insurer and using it as a vehicle to funnel tens of billions of dollars to AIG's trading partners, which included large U.S. and European banks."
I remember reading that sentence out loud to my wife and saying with a laugh, "Look, honey, Hank's fighting for the 99 percent!" (I would not have addressed him as "Hank" when I was employed there.)
The move was a surprise. But Greenberg's shrewdness was not, since even his bitterest rivals acknowledge his brilliance. Still, few people thought the lawsuit had a chance of getting very far. They were wrong. Former Bush Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson testified yesterday, and former Obama Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner testified today (although Geithner's testimony addressed his actions as President of the New York Fed during the AIG rescue.)
Neither acquitted himself honorably or well - and neither is likely to be held accountable for it.
The Two Mr. Paulsons
Observers report that Paulson's testimony was repeatedly punctuated by decisive statements and "You betchas!"
It was also dripping with hypocrisy. When the former Goldman Sachs CEO was asked why AIG's shareholders were forced to accept an extraordinarily high interest rate of 12 percent per year, Bloomberg News reported that he said, "When companies fail, shareholders bear the losses. It's just the way the system is supposed to work."
"It was important that terms be harsh," Paulson said sanctimoniously, "because I take moral hazard seriously."
Does he? When it came to the banks themselves, Paulson's standards were considerably more lax. He testified yesterday that, where the banks were concerned, he only believed in "fairness to the extent you can have fairness," but that "to me, stability trumped moral hazard."
His moral relativism applied to all the major banking institutions, especially Paulson's alma mater Goldman Sachs. The government was happy to bail out Goldman, and even bent the rules to make a bailout possible. The scandal-plagued outfit was not even a bank when the crisis hit, and was therefore not qualified to receive Fed assistance. But Paulson and Geithner retroactively declared it one so that they could save it.
As for AIG, Paulson acknowledged that the terms of its bailout were " punitive ."
Geithner Forgets
Where Paulson was decisive, Tim Geithner was ... a little hazy about the details. Reports filed from the courtroom emphasized the many times that Geithner asserted he couldn't recall critical facts and figures, and other occasions when he was forced to refer to his own autobiography to answer questions.
To be fair, a careful reading of Geithner's memoir suggests that this may not have been an act. But on the fundamental issues, at least, Geithner didn't hesitate to assert himself. His positions tracked closely with Paulson's, and Geithner's attempts to justify himself were as riddled with contradictions as his predecessor's.
The most troubling moment for Geithner seems to have occurred when he was forced to admit that AIG shareholders were "wiped out" by the government's bailout terms -- an assertion which cannot be made about the shareholders of any major American bank. (I don't own any AIG shares now, and didn't then.)
Geithner also testified that "mass panic" would have accompanied an AIG failure. But testimony also revealed that he and Paulson were nevertheless unafraid to confront it with extreme demands, and insist that it capitulate within hours.
And yet Geithner, like Paulson, argued that banks were too critical to the economic system to risk confronting them with any uncomfortable demands, much less "harsh" ones that came with strict deadlines. It's hard to square those two pieces of testimony, although much effort will be expended on that task in the coming weeks.
No Dominoes
Paulson argued that strong moves against American banks would have led to a rush of shortselling against them, creating a domino effect that could bring down the banking industry. Because "I didn't see another insurance company that was vulnerable," said Paulson, he didn't see any reason to go easy on the conglomerate.
Unfortunately, while that argument sounds plausible, it doesn't really wash. At this point AIG's competitors were other financial institutions, because of both its extensive financial portfolio and the blurring distinction between insurance products and risk-based products such as derivatives.
What's more, Paulson's argument fails to explain why the two sets of institutions weren't just treated differently, but radically differently, with draconian rules for one and lavish rescues with no consequences for the other.
This was not a question of dominoes, but of dice -- in the hands of dealers who had friends in the crowd.
Beyond Doomsday
How legal was the decision to retroactively declare Goldman Sachs a "bank" so that it could be rescued? Bizarrely, the full extent of the Federal Reserve's legal powers remains a secret from the public - although the public created it through an act of Congress. Its powers are codified in something called the "Doomsday Book," which sounds a little like a medieval religious tract. The "Doomsday Book" was admitted into evidence today, but at the insistence of Fed officials it was to be kept under seal.
Geithner breezily contended that the book was irrelevant in any case, since "we were operating outside the boundaries of established precedent" -- which apparently means they didn't feel bound by legal restrictions.
Part of Goldman's "unprecedented" rescue came in the form of a $13 billion "backdoor bailout" through AIG, when the government required it to pay 100 cents on the dollar for the payments it owed Goldman and other financial institutions -- even as shareholders and other creditors were required to take substantial losses.
Fair Play
If these bailouts were handled unfairly, what would fairness have looked like? Greenberg argues that AIG would have received a bailout on terms which were as generous as those given the big banks, or that it should have been allowed to close the deal it allegedly had lined up with Chinese investors.
We'll wait for more information on the China deal. But as far as the bailouts are concerned, Greenberg and his attorneys have it exactly backward: AIG shouldn't have received the kinds of deals that Goldman, Citigroup, and the other banks received. The banks should have been given something much closer to the deal AIG got -- including "punitive" measures wrapped in a "harsh" ultimatum.
That doesn't necessarily mean that any shareholders should have been severely punished. As we have learned, senior bank executives have been known to defraud their investors -- including pension funds -- by misleading them on the banks' financial position. But the American people should have received significant rewards from the banks in return for rescuing them. More importantly, the corrupt and incompetent executives who ran those banks should have promptly been forced out, as AIG's chief executive was.
Instead, many of the executives who led America's banks as they committed widespread mortgage and investment fraud remained in place -- and reaped rich rewards from the bailout.
Conclusion: Systemic Failures
We are told that AIG and the big banks were rescued in order to prevent a systemic failure. But there was a systemic failure of sorts. In fact, there were a number of them.
Our regulatory system failed to provide proper oversight to Wall Street, as the result of regulatory capture and a misguided fervor for deregulation. Then it failed to demand accountability from bankers who mismanaged their institutions and should have suffered the consequences.
Our judicial system failed to hold bankers criminally accountable for their massive acts of fraud, negotiating institutional settlements while ignoring the criminal acts that led to those settlements in the first place. (That failure will forever cloud Attorney General Eric Holder's record, obscuring his substantial accomplishments in other areas.)
Our "ratings agencies," which are actually for-profit companies , failed to perform their professional and moral duty when they rated worthless mortgage-backed securities "AAA" in return for financial rewards for themselves and their senior executives -- a failure for which they have not been held accountable.
Accounting firms, which are supposed to abide by a code of professional ethics, also experienced systemic failure. AIG shared an accounting firm with "counterparty" Goldman Sachs -- and that firm failed the public in both cases.
Our political system has failed to hold politicians accountable for the decisions which led to this massive failure. Bill Clinton's fervor for Wall Street and deregulation played a key role. So did the Republican Party's total submission to corporate donors, which gets more extreme every year. And so has Barack Obama's unwillingness to hold bankers criminally accountable or break up the big banks.
Our society has yet to comprehensively address breakdowns in the systems which should protect us from economic catastrophe. The Dodd/Frank financial reform bill was a start, but much remains to be done.
We'll keep following the trial, and we don't know who will win in the end. But until more is done to repair these "systemic failures," we know who will continue to lose: us.
Postscript: Counterparties
An afterthought: What kind of institutions did Hank Paulson and Tim Geithner help when they used AIG as a rescue vehicle, insisting that it pay its creditors in full? The banks wwhich benefited most included Citigroup, Deutsche Bank, UBS, Merrill Lynch, Bank of America, and Goldman Sachs. The following summary undoubtedly omits a number of their misdeeds, and is intended only to provide some insight as to their institutional character:
Citigroup was born during the Clinton administration, which gave the greenlight to the massive merger which created it. Clinton Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin eventually became its CEO. It was considered the worst-managed of all the major banks (which is no small distinction).
Citi eventually reached a $7 billion settlement for fraudulently selling bad mortgage securities , paid $590 for deceiving investors about subprime deb t, and paid $285 million for deceiving investors about mortgage bonds -- a figure which was only finalized after a judge rejected the government's deal as inadequate but was overruled.
As is the case with most deals the government struck during this period, the bank was not required to admit wrongdoing.

US air strikes alone will not  save  Kobane: PentagonUS air strikes alone will not  save  Kobane: Pentagon
Govt plans to raise Rs 5000 cr from stake sale in ITC LampT Axis BankHi Guest
Govt plans to raise Rs 5000 cr from stake sale in ITC LampT Axis Bank
The government is hoping to raise more than Rs. 5,000 crore this year through a specially launched exchange traded fund (ETF) to sell stakes in companies including shares in ITC, Larsen and Toubro (L&T) and Axis Bank among others. An ETF is a security that ...

Indias growth to pick up in 69 mths OECDIndias growth to pick up in 69 mths OECD
Mutual Funds net inflows in equities highest since early 2000Mutual Funds net inflows in equities highest since early 2000
RBI to Sell Rs 10 000-Crore Government Securities via Open Market OperationsRBI to Sell Rs 10 000-Crore Government Securities via Open Market Operations
Scientists who saw inner life of cell win Nobel PrizeScientists who saw inner life of cell win Nobel Prize
RBI raises concern over high loan exposure to infra realtyPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: October 9, 2014 1:03 am
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Wednesday expressed its concerns over increasing loan exposure to the real estate, housing and infrastructure sectors. “We are very much concerned about further exposure by banks into this segment,” RBI Deputy Governor R Gandhi said.
The real estate and housing sector now accounts for 13-14 per cent of the banks’ exposure. When infrastructure loans are included, the total exposure rises to 25 per cent of total loans, he said at an event organised by industry body Ficci here.
He said that exposure to the real estate sector has gone up from Rs 60,000 crore in 2007-08 to Rs 1,54,000 crore now and housing exposure from Rs 2,60,000 crore to Rs 5,40,000 crore. Infrastructure exposure has more than doubled to Rs 8,40,000 crore.
Some of the infra loans extended by banks in the last couple of years have already become stressed assets.
“Banks cannot put all eggs into one basket. When they have already reached 25 per cent, naturally they will have hesitation to increase it further. One cannot overexpose to one segment or sector,” he said.
Gandhi said the RBI was concerned about further exposure beyond these levels. “We have to take care of banking sector health, and, at the same time, we will have to support infrastructure growth. Natural growth will happen, but increasing the proportion beyond this may be a tall order,” Gandhi said.
Gandhi said the central bank has to balance the credit requirements of all the segments of the economy. Some sectors may get priority depending on the situation, he said.

Will address concerns on e-commerce:NirmalaENS Economic Bureau | Posted: October 9, 2014 1:00 am
Commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman said on Wednesday that the government will look into the “concerns” flagged by traders about the mega discount sale offered by online retailers such as Flipkart and Snapdeal earlier this week. The need for bringing in clarity in the e-commerce retail operations would also be deliberated upon, she said. “We have received many inputs. Lot of concerns have been expressed. We will look into it,” PTI quoted the minister as saying at an event here.
Billed as India’s largest discount sale ever, e-commerce company Flipkart’s ‘Big Billion Day’ sale on Monday offered steep discounts on several products, triggering concerns among the traditional brick-and-mortar retailers. Similarly, Snapdeal had also offered massive discounts during the period, and later claimed that it witnessed sales of over a crore rupees per minute. Amazon, meanwhile, ran a sale from October 4-6, calling it the ‘Mission to Mars’ weekend.
Responding to the discount war, the Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT), which represents largely the traditional retailers, had sought a probe into the business model and trade practices of e-commerce companies to find out how they are offering huge discounts during the festive season. A delegation of CAIT met Sitharaman on Wednesday and submitted a memorandum on the growing e-commerce business.
When asked whether the government is considering any particular policy for e-commerce retailing, Sitharaman said the matter would be looked into.

AGM killed in Bhilai Steel PlantmishapPrint
Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:59 am
In yet another industrial accident at SAIL’s flagship Bhilai Steel Plant, an Assistant General Manager was killed after being hit by a locomotive on Wednesday. The AGM was identified as B R Devangan, 53. An AGM at the plant’s Blast Furnace Deptt and in-charge of Highline Area, Devangan had gone to the raw material unloading area when he was injured by a locomotive. He was taken to the plant’s medical post where doctors declared him dead, an official statement.
In June, six personnel, including two GMs, died due to gas leakage at the plant.

Stocks Soar More Than 1% on Interest Rate Reliefstocks soar more than 1% on interest rate relief
JK Rowling s mystery tweetjk rowling s mystery tweet
Stocks soar 1.6%; Dow spikes after Fed minutesWednesday,  8 Oct 2014 |  4:09  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Pisani: The Fed's new mandate
CNBC's Bob Pisani discusses today's market activity. Suddenly, the Fed seems to have a new mandate, says Pisani, citing the Minutes' expressed concern over a global slowdown.
U.S. stocks ended about 2 percent higher on Wednesday as markets extended gains on the FOMC minutes and recovered from Tuesday's selloff.
Closing 274.8 points higher, the Dow Jones Industrial Average had its best day since December 18, 2013. The index rose more than 275 points in intraday trade, briefly touching 17,000 and surpassing Tuesday's 273-point loss. The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq had their best day since nearly a year ago on October 10, 2013.
"This is the near-term good news," JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade, said, noting that fixed-income buyers tended towards the short end rather than the long end.
Alcoa posts quarterly results after the bell, kicking off a slew of company earnings and guidance reports expected in the next few weeks.
"I think as we move into the earnings season next week, the markets will focus more and more on what companies are telling us," Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial, said. The "data that is coming out is backward-looking. Companies have more of a kaleidoscope" view.
Stocks had traded flat to modestly higher before surging on the release of the Fed minutes in the early afternoon. The report showed that the Federal Reserve staff cut their growth outlook due to the higher dollar, as a number of committee participants had concerns with global weakness.
"The Fed minutes certainly leave us feeling that they are tiptoeing into the interest hike," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. A "short-term, oversold market has this kind of reaction."
Pisani: Stocks rose going into Fed minutes
How the markets have digested minutes by the Fed, with CNBC's Bob Pisani.
In corporate news, Costco earnings beat expectations on Wednesday, and investors are focusing on guidance during the upcoming earnings season.
From "Alcoa until two weeks from now, when we get into earnings season, the market is going to be extremely volatile," Marc Chaikin of Chaikin Analytics said. He added that October has historically been a month of extreme ups and downs.
Read More This is the 'doomsday' bond market scenario
In the morning, J.C. Penney fell more than 5 percent on its long-term financial outlook. Earlier, the stock was briefly halted due to a volatility circuit breaker.
Apple gained on the official announcement of a 'special event' on October 16. The iPhone maker also said it was surprised at the bankruptcy filing of its sapphire display supplier, GT Advanced Technologies . Activist investor Carl Icahn also promised to send an open letter to CEO Tim Cook on Thursday.
Earlier, low oil prices and a stronger dollar had weighed on energy. The sector was the hardest hit on the S&P 500, with several contract drilling and oil and gas production firms hit new 52-week lows.
"Oil is a key factor here," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital, said. "If oil gets too low, it not only heightens fear of our economy beginning to weaken but it also increases the deflationary aspect of Europe and other parts of the world."
Getty Images
Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
On Tuesday, German industrial output reported a 4 percent decline in August, with the worse-than-expected drop coming a day after the country's industrial orders had their largest monthly decline since the global financial crisis in 2009. The International Monetary Fund also downgraded its global growth forecast for this year and 2015.
U.S. stocks had fallen sharply on Tuesday, extending losses into a second session with the S&P at 8-week lows and the Dow having its worst day since late July, as investors fretted slowing economic growth in Europe and the potential impact on coming third-quarter earnings from U.S. corporations.
Read More Where did the German 'strongman' go?
The Dow Jones Industrial Average recovered from its loss of 272.5 points on Tuesday to close up 274.8 points, or 1.64 percent, at 16,994.22, with Merck leading gains in all blue chips except for DuPont . Visa , 3M , IBM and Goldman Sachs were responsible for about one-third of the day's gains.
The S&P 500 closed up 33.79 points, or 1.75 percent, at 1,968.89, with health care leading gains as all 10 sectors advanced.
The Nasdaq closed up 83.39 points, or 1.90 percent, at 4,468.59.
The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) , widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, fell to trade near 15.
Roughly four stocks advanced for every decliner on the New York Stock Exchange in the close, with an exchange volume of 918.8 million and a composite volume of 4.4 billion, the highest since September 19 and the fifth largest volume day this year.
The 10-year Treasury note yielded 2.32 percent, falling by several basis points after the FOMC minutes. The U.S. dollar edged higher against major world currencies.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, crude oil futures for November delivery lost $1.54 to end at $87.31 a barrel, its lowest close since April 2013. Gold lost $6.40 to settle at $1,206 an ounce.
Symbol

AirAsia has tougher battle on home turfAirAsia has tougher battle on home turf
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 12:48 AM IST
AirAsia’s rival airlines in India have kept themselves super-busy in the past few months - by moving court against the former’s launch, adding flights on the routes where AirAsia is operating, and engaging in a price war.
On his part, AirAsia group chief executive officer Tony Fernandes hasn’t been quiet either. He has declared a war on rival airlines in India and said AirAsia will give them a run for their money.
However, do airlines in India need to worry so much about AirAsia? Events in the past 18 months show AirAsia might have a bigger battle on its hand as far as its own financials are concerned. Its consolidated profit in 2013 was the lowest since 2009 due to intense competition in Malaysia, a slump in demand because of political crisis in Thailand and the impact of currency depreciation.
AIRASIA MALAYSIA IN NUMBERS
Revenue (2013) - $ 1.65 billion (up 4.9 per cent)
 
Net profit (2013) - $ 110 million ( down 54 per cent)
 
Operating margin (2013) – 19.8 ( 20.8 in 2012)
 
Net profit margin (2013) -  7.1 (16 in 2012)
Analysts and aviation experts say the group’s weakness in its core South East Asia market will add to the pressure on its Indian arm as it intensifies competition in India. Operating cash flow, margins and the group’s return on equity in 2013 were also the lowest in the past four years. AirAsia’s consolidated results includes income from the parent airline in Malaysia and the share of profit or loss from its airlines in Thailand, Indonesia and the Philippines. (The airline follows January-December financial year).
AirAsia did not respond to an email query.
“AirAsia is a successful and proven player. It has got a powerful brand, proven product, long-term fleet commitment and large infrastructure (maintenance, repair and overhaul or MRO, training etc) at key places. However, I am not sure of AirAsia India’s ability to absorb the kind of losses that are likely in India, especially given their under-capitalisation in India and challenges in other markets. The airlines performance in India in the first half of the year has not been encouraging,”’ said Kapil Kaul of Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation.
AirAsia India launched operations in June and flies to Goa, Chennai, Kochi, Chandigarh and Jaipur from its Bangalore base. It has two Airbus A320 planes. AirAsia India is a joint venture between AirAsia Malaysia (49 per cent), Tata Sons (30 per cent) and Telestra Tradeplace (21 per cent).
Malaysia-based analyst Shukor Yosuf points out that AirAsia’s latest results indicate that profit has been eroded by intense competition and heavy finance charges on its aircraft acquisitions. “AirAsia remains strong as it has the lowest seat cost per passenger kilometre (unit cost) and has a distinct first-mover advantage in South East Asian markets. The airline’s creditors are comfortable with AirAsia’s gearing. There is a danger the growth may be stunted by aggressive low pricing by many LCCs (low-cost carriers) in the region and Tony Fernandes has flagged this. AirAsia in India will face tremendous competition from the local airlines, but it is nimble and wily enough to overcome the challenges, especially with Tata group as its partner,” he added.
According to Subhranshu Sekhar Das, director (aerospace and defence) at Frost & Sullivan, AirAsia has the leadership, access to funds and resources. “This is critical for expansion. Sharing of infrastructure amongst its airline brands also makes it competitive.”
In view of the challenges, AirAsia Malaysia is slowing down capacity addition, deferring planned aircraft induction, and selling older planes. Broking houses have cut earnings estimate for the airline in 2014 owing to falling yields. An HSBC Global Research report in June pointed out that AirAsia India would face the same challenges as other domestic airlines.
“Losses in short-term (for AirAsia India) are probably inevitable given the challenging domestic environment and sub-scale operations. Any prospects of a turnaround in the medium-term will likely depend on the venture’s ability to launch international operations from India. AirAsia India’s medium-term prospects remain uncertain,” HSBC analysts Rajani Khetan, Mark Webb and Achal Kumar said in their report.
The report added that with the exception of Thai AirAsia, all its regional joint ventures have been struggling to compete with strong incumbents (Lion Air in Indonesia and Cebu Air in the Philippines) and even years after these ventures were launched they struggle to remain profitable.

Maruti launches Ciaz at 6.99 L to take on City  VentoComments
India’s largest car maker Maruti Suzuki on Monday launched its new mid-size sedan Ciaz at Rs. 6.99-9.80 lakh, its third attempt at cracking the segment after twin failures with the Baleno and SX4 sedans.
Ciaz has been designed by Suzuki Japan, which has spent Rs. 650 crore towards its development, specifically for markets like India and China, and competes with the likes of current segment leader Honda City, Hyundai Verna, Volkswagen Vento and Skoda Rapid. Despite its track record of not succeeding beyond small or compact sedans, the company is confident of achieving segment leadership.
“We have received very encouraging response so far with over 10,000 bookings from people who have neither seen the car nor are they aware of the price,” said Kenichi Ayukawa, MD and CEO, Maruti Suzuki India.
“There are around 1.4 million customers in India who own either a Swift or a Dzire and may be looking at upgrading. Ciaz is for them. We think we should be able to sell around 60,000-80,000 units every year,” added Ayukawa.
Maruti has been constrained by its image as a successful small-car maker that has hampered its prospects in the big-car segments.
“Ciaz will change that legacy,” said RS Kalsi, head, domestic sales and marketing. “This is a game changer for us as well as the segment. It will expand the category.” Ciaz comes both in petrol and diesel variants, powered by 1.4 litre and 1.3 litre engines, respectively. It has four petrol and diesel variants each and two automatic variants that are powered by the same petrol engine.
The petrol variants of the sedan are priced between Rs. 6,99,000 and Rs. 9,34,000 while the diesel variants are priced between Rs. 8,04,000 and Rs. 9,80,000 (ex-showroom Delhi prices). The automatic variants are priced at Rs. 8.65-9.34 lakh. Ciaz is  cheaper than Honda City by around Rs. 25,000 and Rs. 1.3 lakh across variants.

Trial court verdict flawed: JethmalaniAIADMK chief Jayalalithaa’s car returns without her after the High Court rejected her bail plea in Bangalore on Tuesday. Photo: K. Murali Kumar
TOPICS
corruption & bribery
Senior lawyer says Supreme Court has overturned bail rejection in fodder case.
The Karnataka High Court witnessed hectic arguments by lawyers of former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa and the others convicted in the disproportionate assets case during the hearing of their bail applications on Tuesday.
Appearing for Ms. Jayalalithaa, senior lawyer Ram Jethmalani quoted profusely from the trial court order to say that the very basis of its evaluation of the assets was flawed.
During his hour-long arguments, Mr. Jethmalani said the trial court judge had on many instances taken on the role of a “witness” to prove points that even the prosecution did not press.
As an example, he contested the trial court’s methodology in arriving at the value of building constructions, cited in the charge sheet, as well as the expenses for the marriage of V.N. Sudhakaran in 1995.
The lawyer said that while experts ought to have been used for these purposes, the judge depended on witnesses with “hearsay” evidence.
He cited a Supreme Court judgment in the fodder scam case against former Bihar Chief Minister Lalu Prasad, in which it overturned the rejection of bail by the Jharkhand High Court.
Amit Desai, who appeared for Sasikala and Sudhakaran, said the trial court had dismissed income tax returns that were duly accepted by the I-T tribunal when these were provided as evidence of their innocence.
In doing so, the court relied on judgments of a High Court that was later reversed by the Supreme Court.
Mr. Desai contended that without establishing in clear terms the aspect of benami transaction, the special court acted in a manner that transferred the burden of proof on the accused.
This, he said, was a complete reversal of criminal jurisprudence.

Nokia to close down Chennai handset unit from next monthNokia to close down Chennai handset unit from next month
Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 07, 2014
First Published: 16:46 IST(7/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:31 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
Nokia will suspend handset production at its Chennai facility in India from Nov. 1, the company said on Tuesday.
The plant in Chennai is among Nokia's biggest for making handsets, but has suffered as the company got caught in a tax dispute with the Indian government. Nokia has also suffered as demand for its handsets have waned in the past few years.
"Microsoft has informed Nokia that it will be terminating the manufacturing services defined in the agreement with effect from 1 November 2014. In absence of further orders from Microsoft, Nokia will suspend handset production at the Sriperumbudur facility from 1st November," the company said in a statement.
In September 2013, Nokia announced it would sell its devices and services (D&S) business, including assets in India, to Microsoft for $7.2 billion by March 2014. The deal was completed on April 25 but Chennai facility could not be transferred to Microsoft because of legal issues related to tax demand by Indian government.
In March, the Tamil Nadu government served a Rs. 2,400 crore notice on Nokia, saying the firm had also sold products from the Chennai plant in the domestic market instead of shipping them overseas.
In a separate tax case, the Supreme Court had ordered Nokia India on March 14 to give a Rs. 3,500 crore guarantee before it transfers the plant to Microsoft. As a consequence, Nokia entered into a transitional services agreement with Microsoft to address their immediate production needs and keep the factory operational.
 
"Unfortunately, the continuing asset freeze imposed by the tax department prevents Nokia from exploring potential opportunities for the transfer of the factory to a successor to support the long term viability of the established, fully functional electronics manufacturing ecosystem," the statement said.
Nokia said that it will be informing all stakeholders including the Labour Commissioner of the suspension. "As a responsible employer, Nokia is currently evaluating options to minimise the impact on existing employees at the manufacturing facility. It will share further information once details have been finalised," Nokia said.
The exact number of employees at present in its Chennai factory could not be ascertained but in March out of 6,600 permanent employees, about 5000 had opted for Voluntary Retirement Scheme offered by Nokia.

Warren Buffett Is Putting His Money on HillaryA blog about business and economics.
Oct. 7 2014 5:48 PM
Warren Buffett Is Putting His Money on Hillary
 
Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images
Warren Buffett deviated from business predictions at Fortune's Most Powerful Women Summit on Tuesday to make a political forecast: "Hillary is going to win."
The Oracle of Omaha is a known supporter of both Clinton and President Obama. He reportedly backed Clinton's 2008 campaign and has donated to and helped fundraise for Obama. Buffett also showed his support for Clinton in one of his five tweets since joining Twitter in May 2013:
Hello @Hillaryclinton ! Happy to welcome one of my favorite women in the world to twitter. #45
— Warren Buffett (@WarrenBuffett) June 10, 2013
Advertisement
How sure is the billionaire investor of his hunch? "I will bet money on it," Buffett said. "I don't do that easily."
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

In pics: inside hospital that s hope for the blindComments
The World Health Organisation estimates four in five cases of blindness globally are avoidable. World Sight Day is marked on October 9, and calls for 'No More Avoidable Blindness'.
A student uses a vision aid and glasses to simulate low vision as she takes part in a lesson during the Dr Shroff Charity Eye Hospital Certified Ophthalmic Personnel (COP) training programme in New Delhi. (AFP Photo)
In an attempt to tackle avoidable blindness, Dr Shroff Charity Eye Hospital operates a network of hospitals and vision centres in towns and villages in the states of Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan, and in the capital New Delhi. These centres offer low-cost or pro-bono treatment for conditions like cataracts and glaucoma, staff travel to remote areas for check-ups at field camps, and work in vision centres in towns and villages, referring certain cases to larger hospitals.
The Shroff network aims extend access to low-cost, high-quality eye care to those who might not normally be able to access or afford it. More women than men suffer problems with eyesight, according to staff at the Dr Shroff Charity Eye Hospital, because of the societal roles they take on.
Women traditionally spend a greater amount of time working outdoors, exposed to harsh sunlight and UV rays. They often feed male family members and children first, consuming less-nutritious meals after others have eaten, and cook over naked flames where they exposed to smoke from animal dung, leaves or coal used as fuel. Women also earn less, and live in more unhygienic conditions which can lead to infections, while male family members often relocate to towns or cities for work, where conditions and salaries are better.
A patient walks past an examination room as another undergoes an examination at the Dr Shroff Charity Eye Hospital in Alwar in the state of Rajasthan. (AFP Photo)
A patient waits to undergo an eye examination at the Dr Shroff Charity Eye Hospital in Alwar in the state of Rajasthan. (AFP Photo)
65-year-old Somoti gestures as she reads letters from an unseen screen during an eye examination at the Dr Shroff Charity Eye Hospital Vision Centre in Malakhera, some 30 kms from Alwar in the state of Rajasthan. (AFP Photo)
A patient wipes his eye after receiving an injection there at the Dr Shroff Charity Eye Hospital in Alwar in the state of Rajasthan. (AFP Photo)
A patient undergoes an eye examination at the Dr Shroff Charity Eye Hospital Vision Centre in Mustafabad in New Delhi. (AFP Photo)

Scandal Rocks The $5.3 Trillion-A-Day World Of Currency TradingThe Key To Understanding The Latest Bank Scandal
Posted:
reddit
The key to understanding the bank scandal unfolding right now hangs on what your understanding of "fixed" is.
The Justice Department expects to charge at least one big bank with "fixing" the multi-trillion dollar global currency market by colluding with other banks to set key exchange rates, according to The New York Times . The DOJ may get several other big banks to admit guilt in the scheme. U.S. “prosecutors are aiming to file charges against at least one bank by the end of the year,” the NYT’s Ben Protess and Jessica Silver-Greenberg write.
If this sounds similar to the Libor rigging scandal that unfolded a couple years ago, in which banks colluded to set the interest rate used to price more than $300 billion in securities, it should. Both scandals exploited the same well-intentioned motive: To give order to chaotic markets.
Markets rely on structure -- and not just how, when or what can be traded. Banks, investors, traders, and speculators need structure in prices -- reference points that give them information and help them trade. Reference points, in the form of benchmark securities and indexes, are important market fundamentals.
Unfortunately, the same thing that makes market standards useful makes them targets of manipulation.
That’s pretty much how we get to the latest benchmark rigging scandal, this time in the “ Wild West ” $5.3 trillion -a-day world of currency trading. The banks under investigation are accused of colluding to set benchmark WM/Reuters foreign exchange rates, known as "the fix."
The fix is set for all major currencies every day by taking the median price of trades that occur 30 seconds before 4 p.m. London time, and 30 seconds after. The exchange rates set by the fix determine the prices that most big investors will pay. They're also used by banks to value their positions.
Bloomberg first reported in June that banks and selected trading partners were colluding to trade at certain rates in order to try to influence the day’s fix so they could sell currencies to clients at an elevated or deflated level. Traders shared a private online chat room to communicate about trades that would affect the fix.
The key to understanding the currency trading scandal is the difference between the fix, and fixing.
The fix is institutionalized, normalized, transparent, and important to regulators, traders, and investors. Fixing, according to the Times report of the DOJ investigation, was institutionalized and normalized. It was transparent, if you were in the chatroom. It was important to some traders, seemed to be tolerated by regulators , and apparently was unknown to investors.
In short, fixing corrupted the fix.
There’s a reason the head of the Bank of England said in March that the currency scandal was “as serious as Libor, if not more so.” The foreign exchange market is the largest and most liquid in the world. Daily volume is $5.3 trillion, and prices are quoted to four decimal places. (That’s hundredths of a penny in U.S. dollars.)
The harm in this case -– beyond the notion of sullying fair markets -– is mostly to very large currency funds, and is hard to quantify. Speaking to Bloomberg in June , the London School of Economics’ Tom Kirchmaier went straight to the theoretical: “Any rigging of the price mechanism leads to a misallocation of capital and is extremely costly to society.” Retail clients are hurt in the currency exchange market by absurd fees and unfavorable exchange rates.
There is a way the behavior of the banks under investigation reflects the behavior across financial markets. When the scandal first broke, the Financial Times’ Izabella Kaminska pointed out that big traders concentrating transactions within a short time to move markets is a characteristic of most markets. “In some sense,” she wrote, “that’s what trading is about.”
The difference here is that this wasn’t just traders using these tactics to boost their own portfolios, but to beat clients to the punch and make them buy for more and sell for less.
Also on HuffPost:

Retailers complain against e-retailers  govt may step in'Govt to look into complaints on Flipkart's big sale'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 17:56 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:54 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
The government has received “many complaints” from traders on e-retailer Flipkart’s massive discount sale on Monday that offered deep discounts but also threw open the question of lack of regulatory oversight over India’s booming e-commerce business.
“We have received many inputs. Lot of concerns have been expressed. We will look into it,” commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman said on Wednesday.
Read: ‘Marked up’ prices, server crash spoil Flipkart party
Flipkart’s ‘The Big Billion Day’ overburdened its servers within two hours of the sale being opened and many users complained of landing on error pages and seeing their sale process being interrupted, amid accusations that discounts were offered on inflated prices.
“There are many complaints. We will study the matter... Whether there is a need for a separate policy or some kind of clarification is needed, we will make it clear soon,” said Sitharaman, who is also the minister of state for finance and corporate affairs.
Read: Flipkart has got mail, 16 'open letters' to the e-commerce giant on Big Billion Day
The Confederation of All India Traders has also sought a probe into the business model and trade practices of e-commerce companies to find out how they are offering huge discounts during the festive season.
Flipkart on Tuesday wrote a formal apology to its registered customers for the technical and transaction troubles faced on Monday, when attempting to purchase goods on the website.
The company earned the ire of disgruntled shoppers by offering some supposedly discounted items at prices higher than what rivals such as Amazon and Snapdeal were offering.

Everything will be fine: PM on Pak border situation |  Won t be any flag meetingsPak border situation
("Everything will be fine…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said "everything will be fine soon" on Pakistan border amid the government's assertion that India is giving a "massive" reply to the "totally unprovoked" shelling by Pakistan and will continue to do so unless the other side stops.
Top government sources said talks can happen if Pakistan is sincere and made it clear that India will not accept any third party intervention , including by the UN which has been approached by Pakistan.
"Everything will be fine soon," Modi said on being asked about ceasefire violations by Pakistan. He was attending the 'At Home' organised by IAF Chief Arup Raha on the occasion of Air Force Day.
Modi did not speak further but top government sources said India will not give in to "coercive diplomacy" by Pakistan and will respond strongly to Pakistani shelling.
Contending that India is giving a "massive" response to the Pakistani action which was "totally unprovoked," the sources cited media reports in Pakistan to say that 35 people have been killed in the last two days on that side -- 20 yesterday and 15 the previous day.
The sources noted that there was no independent confirmation of this casualty.
"Pakistan should stop... We are only protecting our sovereignty," the sources said, adding "we did not escalate the situation and we are not going to scale down."
When pointed out that it could then be a prolonged affair, the sources said India is ready for long haul unless Pakistan stops.
India feels that Pakistan resorted to this action to "raise the temperature" and bring Kashmir issue into focus after receiving setbacks repeatedly.
Pakistan had tried to raise the issue at the UN, which did not succeed and now it might by trying to escalate the situation to draw the world attention, the sources said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New study: Only 24% of population  blacks in Boston make up 63% of stop and frisk encountersBy Wesley Lowery October 8 Follow @WesleyLowery
Just under a quarter of Boston’s population is black, but black residents are 63 percent of those stopped-and-frisked by the Boston Police Department, according to a new report published today by the Massachusetts chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union.
The study analyzed more than 200,000 encounters not resulting in arrest between the Boston police officers and civilians (classified by the department as “field interrogation, observation, frisk and/or search) between 2007 and 2010. In 75 percent of those cases, no reason or probable cause for the search was recorded by the police other than “investigate person.” Of the 200,000 encounters, only 2.5 percent resulted in the seizure of contraband.
Researchers found that, even after controlling for crime, stop-and-frisk encounters were more likely to occur in the city’s traditionally black neighborhoods — with more than 100,000 of the stops occurring in minority-rich neighborhoods of Roxbury, Dorchester and Mattapan — than in traditionally white parts of the city.
“The bottom line,” the report’s authors declare, “is that race was a significant factor driving the BPD’s stop-and-frisk practices.”
“The ACLU’s report underscores our need to be vigilant in every city across this country, including Boston, to stop bad, racially motivated policing that doesn’t deter crime,” said Michael Curry, the president of the Boston NAACP. “Flawed stop and frisk and policing policies and practices leave too much discretion to police officers, and ultimately infringe upon the rights of black and brown people. While we share a desire to stop and prevent crime by the few, it shouldn’t come at the expense of the majority of law abiding citizens.”
Boston police did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Former Boston police commissioner Ed Davis, who ran the department for all of the years included in the new study, could also not immediately be reached for comment.
The report comes as cities across the country continue to grapple with the use of stop-and-frisk and as the nation has been thrust into a renewed conversation about racial profiling and how police interact with minority communities. A series of high-profile police shootings this summer, including the Aug. 9 slaying in Ferguson, Mo., of unarmed black 18-year-old Michael Brown by a white officer, has drawn new attention to issues of profiling.
Civil rights groups have for years decried “stop and frisk” policies, most notably in New York, where analysis of random street stops found not only that the stops disproportionately targeted minorities but also yielded relatively few arrests.
Last month, the NAACP called on Congress to pass legislation to outlaw racial profiling in policing and issued a comprehensive report on racial profiling — specifically citing the use of stop-and-frisk practices in many large American cities as the next frontier in battling prejudicial policing.
“An unfortunate and persistent reality of our history is the fact that people of color continue to be profiled and viewed as criminally suspect based on their race and ethnicity,”  Barbara Bolling-Williams, chairwoman of the NAACP’s Criminal Justice Committee, said in that report.
Wesley Lowery covers Capitol Hill for The Fix and Post Politics.

Global crude oil drops to a 27 month low under 91 dollars per barrelGlobal crude oil drops to a 27 month low under 91 dollars per barrel
Naidu favours gas pooling mechanism Naidu favours gas pooling mechanism  
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 8:  
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu has written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi that the State is agreeable to gas pooling mechanism in the national interest.
The Chief Minister in a letter to the PM has mentioned that Andhra Pradesh is not trying to take all the gas for itself.
The State's intention is to see that other States also get a fair share of the gas from the KG Basin.
In the letter, the Chief Minister said: “I understand that the Government of India is on a gas pooling mechanism by blending existing and upcoming gas with imported RLNG which would enable the existing gas-based plants to significantly improve their PLF. The Government of AP supports this initiative and is willing to take all necessary steps from its end.”
He added: “I request that the process of gas pooling be expedited in national interest and assure you of all cooperation.”
Thanking the PM for supporting State's initiatives in providing 24x7 power under the Power for All scheme, Naidu highlighted the fact that the State has 7000 MW of gas based power plants which are stranded due to lack of gas supply from KG Basin.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Stocks Jump on Fed Meeting MinutesKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Shankar Acharya: Where is Team ModiShankar Acharya: Where is Team Modi?
Shankar Acharya |  Oct 08, 2014 09:50 PM IST
The past few weeks have witnessed an extraordinary demonstration of energy, oratory, skillful projection of personal authority, high diplomacy and popular showmanship by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. At the end of August, he launched the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) for financial inclusion to extend bank accounts to every Indian household. Early last month, he was in Japan engaging with his counterpart, Shinzo Abe, promising a special fast-track for all Japanese investors, playing jugalbandhi on drums and generally deepening the Indo-Japanese partnership. Back in India, the prime minister delivered an exhortatory Teachers' Day speech to milllions of teachers and students. He then hosted Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbot and finalised an agreement to import uranium for India's nuclear programme. Within days he was off to flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir to review the devastation and promise full support for reconstruction and rehabilitation. By mid-month, Mr Modi was welcoming President Xi Jinping of China in Ahmedabad and Delhi, holding summit talks against the tense background of an untimely military stand-off on the border and emphasising the importance of delineating the Line of Actual Control and solving the long-standing boundary issue.
September 24 saw the prime minister in Bangalore at the Indian Space Research Organisation's Tracking and Command Centre watching and celebrating the successful placement of India's Mars Orbiter in stable orbit around the red planet. The next day he was back in Delhi launching the "Make in India" programme in front of a galaxy of applauding industrialists. Then on to the United States, where he gave a strong speech at the United Nations General Assembly, wished the power of "The Force" to Hugh Jackman at an event in New York's Central Park, thrilled the packed non-resident Indian audience at Madison Square Garden, and had a small private dinner with President Barack Obama in Washington, followed by official talks the next day, which breathed new life into the flagging United States-India relationship. Back in India, he launched the "Swachh Bharat" programme on Gandhi Jayanti, celebrated Dusshera and then, over the last weekend, kicked off the Bharatiya Janata Party's election campaign in the Maharashtra and Haryana Assembly elections with a series of rousing speeches in both the states. Like the legendary Superman, Narendra Modi seemed to be everywhere at the same time.
This whirlwind of media-intensive activity, oratory and multiple summitry had several positive consequences. It stamped the full authority of the prime minister on the government after a long decade of weak and divided leadership under the United Progressive Alliance. It left all our major foreign interlocutors in no doubt as to who was in charge of the country. It amplified the sense of forward movement to most arms of the government. And, like his election campaign of earlier months, it fanned the hopes and aspirations of citizens and voters. All this was helped by the fact that Mr Modi's high-profile public speeches and press statements generally struck the right notes on all the varied range of subjects and audiences he took on.
The hyperactivity of the last few weeks also raises some important questions. Is there governmental capacity to deliver on all the promises that the prime minister has made to foreign and domestic audiences? For example, the PMJDY could become a very effective programme for financial inclusion if it also becomes a game-changing vehicle for transforming India's massive, corruption-ridden and highly inefficient subsidies for food, fuel and fertilisers into much more efficient and targeted direct cash benefit transfers. Will this happen or might the PMJDY simply degenerate into one more expensive and inefficient populist giveaway of scarce public resources? How effectively can the central government take the Swachh Bharat programme forward, when its core elements of water, sanitation and waste disposal fall under the purview of state governments? Can a fast-track favouring Japanese investments be made to work? How rapidly will the better business climate promised by the prime minister to American corporate leaders actually fructify? Can the "Make in India" boost to manufacturing take off without significant amendments to current laws on labour relations and land acquisition, and major improvements in infrastructure sectors?
Beside the new promises of the past few weeks, what about the ongoing major economic and social challenges facing the nation, from old ones like stagnant employment, weak infrastructure, low economic growth and high inflation to new ones like the Supreme Court's retrospective cancellation of nearly all coal-block allotments for captive mining? Behind these queries hangs another over-arching one: is this government too reliant on one man, the prime minister, or is there an effective team of ministers, officials and advisors in the making? A prime minster with energy, vision and commitment can certainly make a huge difference, but for sustained, successful governance of a nation of 1.25 billion people, he surely needs a competent and effective team? Is a strong Team Modi in the making?
A cursory review of our history over the past 40 years suggests that our most effective governments in taking the nation forward may have been the P V Narasimha Rao government of 1991-96 and the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government of 1998-2004. While these two governments obviously differed in many respects, they had three common ingredients that probably contributed significantly to their success. Both governments were led by prime ministers with clear political authority; both had strong, competent ministers in the Cabinet; and both had well-led and mandated set-ups in the Prime Minister's Office (PMO).
Compared to these two examples, the political authority of Prime Minister Modi is clearly unquestionable and may indeed be stronger than that of either Rao or Mr Vajpayee. However, Mr Modi's ministerial team is composed mainly of newcomers to the Union government. As has been widely and frequently noted, competent and experienced ministers are few and look even fewer when the minister for finance, defence and company affairs (Arun Jaitley) has to spend an entire month in hospital. Even with his full-time return (for which we should all wish), the ministerial team is clearly weaker than Mr Vajpayee's or Rao's. As a well-wisher of the government (indeed of any Union government), I hope to see early appointment of two tried and tested stalwarts, Arun Shourie and Yashwant Sinha. They would add valuable competence, wisdom and heft to Team Modi. At the PMO, Nripendra Misra is a fine, experienced and dedicated principal secretary. However, by all accounts, he does not start with the enormous advantages of either Amar Nath Varma or Brajesh Mishra in having his prime minister's confidence from the word "go". One can only hope that this will be acquired and augmented over time.
Ultimately, the responsibility for creating and welding a strong and responsive Team Modi rests with the prime minister. The programmatic and political success of his government will depend substantially on the quality of his team of key ministers, officials and advisors.
The author is honorary professor at ICRIER and former chief economic adviser to the government. These views are his own

Geithner Defends Terms of AIG BailoutKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Govt set to launch Skill IndiaschemePrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 1:11 am
After ‘Make in India’ and ‘Digital India’, the government is expected to come up with a revised skill development policy or the ‘Skill India’ scheme by March 2015, minister of state for skill development and entrepreneurship Sarbananda Sonowal said on Wednesday.
“A multi-skill development programme on mission model for job creation end entrepreneurship for all socio economic classes is being worked out,” he said at the Indo-German conference on Skill Development. The new scheme is expected to move beyond the target of skilling 500 million youth by 2020 that was set by the UPA government.
“The revised policy will also endeavour to establish the international equivalent of Indian framework on skill development with the European framework. This will facilitate mobility of workforce,” said Sonowal. He also sought cooperation from the German government which runs the successful Vocational Education and Training programme.
German Ambassador Michael Steiner said the new focus on skill development and vocational education and training is set into a broader field of innovation and reforms and strengthening of MSMEs and greater involvement of private sector. Concessions in the form of tax incentives should also be extended, he added.

IMF: Investors may lose $3.8 tn onflare-upsIMF MD Christine Lagarde in Washington on Wednesday. Reuters
Washington | Posted: October 9, 2014 1:09 am | Updated: October 9, 2014 9:35 am
Observing that emerging markets are now more vulnerable to shocks from advanced economies, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that factors such as a sudden departure from the low interest regime by the US Federal Reserve and major geo-political flare-ups could result in global investors staring at losses worth over a whopping $3.8 trillion.
If losses on this scale were to materialise over a short time horizon, the ensuing portfolio adjustments and market turmoil could trigger significant disruption in global markets, the IMF said in its October 2014 Global Financial Stability Report (GFSR).
The report said shocks from advanced economies could impact emerging markets more as they now absorb a greater share of the outward portfolio investment from advanced economies. As a result, it said, there is an increased synchronisation of asset price movements and volatilities.
Examining the impact of a rapid market adjustment that causes term premiums in bond markets to revert to historic norms and credit risk premiums to normalise, the report said, “Such a shock could reduce the market value of global bond portfolios by more than 8 per cent, or in excess of $3.8 trillion.”
However, it said if monetary normalisation and interest rate adjustment proceed smoothly, the impact on asset market volatility may be well contained, leading to a smooth adjustment of asset allocations over time. José Viñals, IMF’s Financial Counsellor and Director of the Monetary and Capital Markets Department, said that it is, therefore, important that the US Federal Reserve’s policy measures should be carried out in a smooth manner mindful of their repercussions around the world.
The likelihood of a rate increase by the US Fed has resulted in foreign investors (FIIs) reducing their investments in India. As against the $2.3 billion average monthly investments during March-July period, the average monthly inflows in the last two months (August-September) was just around $865 million.
Viñals also said prolonged monetary ease is encouraging excessive financial risk taking.
The report also warns of the risks arising from the growth of shadow banking (financial activities barring traditional banking).
With regard to India, it said banking activity in the country is complemented by non-bank financing companies. Citing a study, the report said these companies are seen by banks with less-developed branching networks as a way to complement credit allocation in non-urban areas of the Indian economy, especially to meet their priority sector lending targets.
Arun S

A passionate marriage of disparate disciplinesUpdated: October 9, 2014 12:58 IST
A passionate marriage of disparate disciplines
Saikat Majumdar
computer engineering
An unlikely integration of disciplines is essential at the highest level of creativity
In September 2014, the Department of Computer Science at Stanford University initiated a five-year pilot programme of two dual majors — Computer Science and Music, and Computer Science and English. The proposal argued that “computational photography, computer-generated music, and computer-based quantitative study of literary texts did not exist a decade ago, but are now active fields that integrate computer science with a more traditional discipline.”
The fact that the proposal for these two dual majors originated in Stanford’s Department of Computer Science — rather than in the English or Music department— says much about the professional culture of Silicon Valley, which, to a large extent, was created by this very department, with its students and alumni creating, among others, Hewlett-Packard, Netflix, Firefox, Yahoo, Google, Cisco Systems, Sun and LinkedIn.
As a humanist living and working in Silicon Valley, it is indeed deeply intriguing to observe its current culture of innovation. It is probably fair to say that the Valley began its road trip with hardware heavyweights like HP, right at that moment when Bill Hewlett won the toss over David Packard in their Stanford dorm room to get his name first in the company title. But as heavy industries moved overseas and then into slow obsolescence, Silicon Valley has become lighter, more ethereal, as borne out by the grail quest of the finest chip. Surveying the Caltrain corridor between San Francisco and San Jose, around the epicentre of Palo Alto, a writer or a musician might feel a dangerous kind of pleasure, as much of the recent tech energy has boomed around what I would call aesthetic, social, or affective inventions — Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat, Flickr, Instagram. It’s dangerous because of the threats such digital platforms pose to many traditional forms of artistic and social exchange, but it is nonetheless a pleasure to see so much of Sand Hill Road’s venture capital and the New York Stock Exchange throb with excitement at the power of 140-character birdsong or a quirky photo-sharing app devised by a bored frat boy from his dorm room.
Put differently, the newborn alliance between Computer Science and the arts at Stanford looks as evolved from the professional and entrepreneurial culture surrounding it as it does from the older mission of integrative learning deeply embedded within — dare I say — liberal arts pedagogy. While institutions such as Williams, Swarthmore, Kenyon, Oberlin, Smith, and many others were specifically set up to embody this principle, customising a diversified education was always an available option for the American undergraduate across the nation. The dual major institutionalises this option on behalf of disciplines that have not come together often within the university, but which are being increasingly linked together worldwide.
When I received my undergraduate education in Calcutta in the mid-1990’s, customising a diversified education was not an option. My institution, St. Xavier’s, was also a liberal arts college, where I received an excellent education in a single subject, English literature. I had Sociology and Political Science as pass subjects and neglected them blithely. Nor did the social and pedagogic culture around us at that time encourage us to take pass subjects seriously — the Honours subject was all that mattered. I can say with confidence that when it comes to in-depth education in a single subject, the best institutions in India compare to the best anywhere in the world. But Indian colleges do nowhere near as well when it comes to combining disparate subjects — disciplines whose pairing might seem eclectic within the traditional academic model but which might enrich the student’s intellectual life in strange and unforeseen ways. This year’s Indian-origin Field Medalist Manjul Bhargava’s eloquent articulation of the embedded music of his chosen discipline, mathematics, had the Indian media relate to this problem. This in spite of the irony that Mr. Bhargava attributes much of his love for mathematics to Indian classical music and the synergy between music and mathematics has characterised Indian thought through the ages. This is interdisciplinarity — if that is even the right word for it — on a deeply philosophical plane, but the importance of attaining college-level command over two disciplines that are seemingly at odds with each other is also a very pragmatic one. But the monochromatic mood around post-secondary education in India rarely allows a mixed marriage.
Obsession with engineering
Engineering, of course, is the career God in India, and for the most part it is a reasonable deity. A developing nation with an expanding economy and continually evolving civic infrastructure needs a steady supply of engineers. On the micro-level, too, engineering offers the fastest track to upward mobility to people who need it the most.
But what could have remained a reasonable religion has, for the last several decades, been bordering on fundamentalism.
The obsessive focus on engineering as a ticket to a quick job (on which count the mushrooming engineering colleges are now beginning to fail its graduates) threatens to turn the global image of India into a factory of techno-clerks, smothering innovation and doing injustice to the country’s vast pool of talent.
Mr. Bhargava’s statement — that mathematics to him is more an art than a science — resonated with many. That the unlikely integration of disciplines is essential at the highest level of creativity is accepted a lot more readily than what becomes evident from the principle of Indian post-secondary education. Along with Bill Gates outlining the fact that technology is entwined with development, there is also, I would say, the Steve Jobs model of technology as art. Jobs reiterated throughout his life that without the class in calligraphy at Reed, a liberal arts college (where he never finished his degree), the Macintosh might have never happened. It sounds about right. Compare the sturdy, staid dependability of Windows versus the funky, tattooed artistry of the Mac. But while the Apple is religion in Silicon Valley, it has been slow in arriving in the developing market of India. In other words, nobody would deny that there is an element of elitism in the brash, creative confidence that motivates someone to major in philosophy along with business administration, or English literature with Computer Science. But shattering the monochromatic glass of obsession with a single discipline needs to happen at every level, not just at the highest level of philosophy in the classic Greek sense of the term as Mr. Bhargava has reminded us so profoundly. Such a sensibility is best quickened into life by the challenges of integrative learning, especially that which arises from the passionate and explosive marriage of disparate disciplines.
The 12-year-old daughter of a friend of mine in Calcutta tells me that her favourite subjects in school are physics and history. I hope that by the time she is ready to seek admission to college, she does not have to choose between the two. And that she does not.
(Saikat Majumdar teaches English at Stanford University. His new book on Calcutta theatre, The Firebird, will be published in 2015.)

Set-top boxes to soon be portableComments
Information and broadcasting minister Prakash Javadekar has said the government could soon allow “inter-operability” in set-top boxes, which will let consumers change their service providers by just replacing the chip-enabled card instead of having to buy a new set-top box while changing service.
“Like portability of mobile phones, the viewers should also have similar options with the set-top boxes. They should be able to put in any card of choice (of service provider) on the set top box,” he said, chairing the first meeting of the task force for cable digitisation for phases three and four at Vigyan Bhavan on Wednesday.
The minister said his ministry would try to ensure the customer should get full benefits of digitisation with high quality services at affordable prices.
The minister also said the cap of 12 minutes for advertisement on free-to-air TV channels is likely to be removed.
He said the ad-cap imposed by Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) last year was “right”, but while the pay channels earned enough revenue through subscription, the move was “restrictive” for free channels.
India has a total number 160 million TV households and the first and second phases of cable digitisation covered all the metros and 38 cities with a population of over one million. Javadekar said that Phase III would be over by end 2015 and Phase IV by 2016-end.

Everything will be fine: PM on Pakistan border crisisEverything will be fine: PM on Pakistan border crisis
FII flows eases in Sept but India stands out |  FII inflows to top $25 bnYou are here: Home > Collections > India
FII flows ease in September but India still stands out in EM pack
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 06.42AM IST
(BSE’s Sensex has…)
MUMBAI: The slowdown in foreign institutional investor (FII) flows in September prompted critics to raise red flags over Indian stock market valuations. But optimists may take comfort from the fact that domestic equities continued to attract FII flows in September even as many other emerging markets witnessed outflows.
Brokers are not certain if India can maintain this edge for long as concerns over interest rate hikes in the US may prompt various fund managers to trim exposure to emerging markets like India. India managed to draw FII flows worth $848 million in September while these investors sold in other emerging markets such as Taiwan, South Korea, Indonesia and the Philippines. But the flows into India in September are the lowest since February.
Overseas fund managers justified the continued purchases of Indian stocks on hopes of better prospects. "India is much better off than most of its emerging market peers. We believe that India is now much better protected in absolute and relative terms from the 'great emerging market unwind'," said Jonathan Garner, chief Asia and global emerging market equity strategist at Morgan Stanley.
BSE's Sensex has risen 24% this year, the most among top 10 global markets, sparking concerns that valuations might be stretched. The index is trading about 16.1 times to its one-year forward estimated earnings while China's Shanghai Composite Index is trading at 9.9 times, Brazil's Ibovespa Index 11.8 times and Russia's MICEX 5.1 times.
Some foreign investors are also assessing India on the basis of historical valuations. "Nifty commands 16 times forward price to earnings (P/E) multiple, but this is still a far cry from the almost 18 times multiple after the 2009 elections. Hence, index valuation is not extremely stretched by historical comparison. Foreign investors enter market as long as underlying profit growth is clearly visible and that is there in India," said Hartmut Issel, head chief investment officer-research at UBS.
But the country's share valuations may start becoming a concern once the global market starts worrying about rising rates in the US. Brokers and analysts said investors would then probably look to cut exposure to markets which are expensive.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Taxman trains gun on Uber  say company liable for service taxTax authorities say Uber liable for service tax, seek information from India subsidiary
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 08.14AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(“All payments on the Uber…)
NEW DELHI: Uber, the taxi app that became popular in India by offering luxury car rides for a little more than the regular fare, could run into trouble with India's service tax authorities in the first such inquiry against a foreign service provider in the ecommerce space. This comes shortly after the company was recently forced to fall in line by the Reserve Bank of India , which insisted that it couldn't sidestep credit card security norms.
"We believe the company is liable for service tax since it is delivering a taxable service," a service tax department official in Mumbai who's aware of the development told ET. "We have sought details from Uber's Indian arm." Service tax authorities have sought information from Uber's India subsidiary, which provides systems support to the company, over non-payment of the levy.
The company said it was in compliance with local laws and paid taxes in all countries in which it was present. "Uber complies with all applicable tax laws, and pays the relevant tax in every territory it operates in," a company spokesperson said in an email. "Across 10 cities in India, Uber employs many local employees, in addition to empowering thousands of driver partners to become small business owners, earning a good living through the Uber platform."
Uber BV has no India office
"All payments on the Uber system are cashless and fully traceable in an industry that has been notoriously cashbased for years," the spokesperson addded.
In India, all services attract tax at the rate of 12% unless it's included in a negative list or specifically exempted by the government. Taxi services are not in the list and are therefore liable to pay.
Uber users register their credit card details with the company, which uses that to charge for rides. Cab drivers and owners enter into tie-ups with Uber, for which the company charges a 20% commission. The company has an Indian entity — Uber India Systems Pvt Ltd -- but it operates in the country through Netherlandsbased Uber BV . Service tax authorities say it's the first time they are dealing with a case in which an overseas mobile application is providing services used by Indians.
Uber doesn't have an India office or a representative in the country, which makes the task of tax authorities difficult, they said. "We have recorded a statement of officials from the Indian entity," said the official. Though the investigation is currently restricted to Mumbai, the department is looking to expand this to places where the company has a presence. Rival cab service providers pay service tax and thus tax authorities do not see any reason for Uber not to do so. Service tax is liable only on revenue above Rs 10 lakh and an individual cab driver may not attract tax if turnover is lower than the threshold. But in the case of Uber, the tax authorities are going to take into account combined turnover.
Globally, the taxation of e-commerce companies is under intense focus as they overturn traditional models of doing business. The OECD and the G20 have begun discussions on how countries should tackle taxation in the e-commerce space that poses fresh challenges to tax authorities as companies avoid tax by operating through multiple jurisdictions.
The US company gained customers after it offered high-end cars such as Audis and BMWs to users. Rides are paid for by card without the need for two-factor authentication, which requires users to key in a PIN.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CDC to Screen Travelers Arriving from West Africa at Some AirportsWARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
RADAR: Strong Storm Moves Across Midwest and Northeast
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Grain Mixed  Beef and Pork HigherKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Wall St. has best day since 2013 after Fed minutesWall St. has best day since 2013 after Fed minutes
CURRENCIES: FOMC s Fear Of A Strong Dollar Drives...CURRENCIES: FOMC s Fear Of A Strong Dollar Drives...
ASK to launch its fourth real estate fundASK to launch its fourth real estate fund
Jihadists advance in Syria border town despite air strikesJihadists advance in Syria border town despite air strikes
Bankruptcy Judge Approves Sale of Revel Casinobankruptcy judge approves sale of revel casino
Walmart Cuts Benefits For Most Part-Time WorkersWalmart Cuts Health Care Coverage For Most Part-Timers In Wake Of Obamacare
 | By                                                                By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart Stores Inc. plans to eliminate health insurance coverage for some of its part-time U.S. employees in a move aimed at controlling rising health care costs of the nation's largest private employer.
Wal-Mart told The Associated Press that starting Jan. 1, it will no longer offer health insurance to employees who work less than an average of 30 hours a week. The move affects 30,000 employees, or about 5 percent of Wal-Mart's total part-time workforce, but comes after the company already had scaled back the number of part-time workers who were eligible for health insurance coverage since 2011.
The announcement follows similar decisions by Target, Home Depot and others to completely eliminate health insurance benefits for part-time employees.  It also comes a day after Wal-Mart said it is teaming up with an online health insurance agency called DirectHealth.com to help customers shop for health insurance plans.
"We had to make some tough decisions," Sally Welborn, Wal-Mart's senior vice president of benefits, told The Associated Press.
Welborn said she didn't know how much Wal-Mart will save by dropping part-time employees, but added that the company will use a third-party organization to help part-time workers find insurance alternatives: "We are trying to balance the needs of (workers) as well as the costs of (workers) as well as the cost to Wal-Mart."
The announcement comes after Wal-Mart said far more U.S. employees and their families are enrolling in its health care plans than it had expected following rollout of the Affordable Care Act, which requires big companies to offer coverage to employees working 30 hours or more a week or face a penalty. It also requires most Americans to have health insurance or pay a penalty.
Wal-Mart, which employs about 1.4 million full- and part-time U.S. workers, says about 1.2 million Wal-Mart workers and family members combined now participate in its health care plan. And that has had an impact on Wal-Mart's bottom line. Wal-Mart now expects the impact of higher health care costs to be about $500 million for the current fiscal year, or about $170 million higher than the original estimate of about $330 million that it gave in February.
But Wal-Mart is among the last of its peers to cut health insurance for some part-time workers. In 2013, 62 percent of large retail chains didn't offer health care benefits to any of its part-time workers, according to Mercer, a global consulting company. That's up from 56 percent in 2009.
"Retailers who offer part-time benefits are more of an exception than the rule," says Beth Umland, director of research for health and benefits at Mercer.
Wal-Mart has been scaling back eligibility for part-time workers over the past few years, though. In 2011, Wal-Mart said it was cutting backing eligibility of its coverage of part-time workers working less than 24 hours a week. And then in 2013, it announced a threshold of 30 hours or under.
Taking into account the latest move, Wal-Mart declined to say what percentage of total part-time workers will not have company-sponsored health care coverage starting next year.
Wal-Mart, like most big companies, also is increasing premiums, and  out-of-pocket costs that employees pay, to counter rising health care costs. Wal-Mart told The Associated Press that it's raising premiums for all of its full-time and part-time workers: For a basic plan, of which 40 percent of its workers are enrolled, the premiums will go up to $21.90 per pay period, up from $18.40, starting Jan. 1.
Wal-Mart employees and their dependents will pay slightly more out-of-pocket for their care next year because the retailer has lowered the percentage of the bill it will cover for doctor visits, tests, and other services to 75 percent from 80 percent after the deductible is paid. But Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove also noted that the company hasn't changed the maximum amounts that people will have to pay out of pocket annually.
___________
Tom Murphy in Indianapolis contributed to this report.
______________________
Follow Anne D'Innocenzio at http://www.Twitter.com/adinnocenzio
Also on HuffPost:

Big Banks Expected To Plead Guilty To New Chargesbig banks expected to plead guilty to new charges
Vix surges most in 5 months  analysts expect upgradesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Pharma stocks to outperform benchmarks for 5th year in a rowE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian cuisine is more than just being spicy: Sarah ToddE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Coming soon: A Modi-fied FSAE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Unhedged betsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Build reserves  and waitE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Buy GPPL  target Rs 180 on better volumes: JM Financial InstitutionalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Buy rating on Bharti Airtel  target Rs 370: NomuraE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BSE Sensex tumbles to 2-mth low; down 296 pts on capital outflowsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cheap natural gas lifts US manufacturingCheap natural gas lifts US manufacturing
By Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85d2ee9c-4e33-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IMF sees risk of new eurozone recessionIMF sees risk of new eurozone recession
By Chris Giles in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aef2e36a-4e04-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Financing infrastructure: Deepak Parekh panel wants power utilities to sell 25% Centre s quota directly to open-access consumersEconomy
Financing infrastructure: Deepak Parekh panel wants power utilities to sell 25% Centre's quota directly to open-access consumers
Subhash Narayan | New Delhi | Published:  Oct 08 2014, 15:14  IST
Oct 08 2014, 15:14  IST
 

Carzonrent  Tata Motors pact: Rent a Nano at just Rs 399 per dayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Murthy  Gopalakrishnan bid adieu to InfosysUpdated: October 8, 2014 22:40 IST
Infosys bids farewell to Kris Gopalakrishnan
Staff Reporter
The Hindu A file picture of Infosys founder N.R. Narayana Murthy and Co-founder Kris Gopalakrishnan who have demitted office on Wednesday. Photo: M.A. Sriram.
TOPICS
software
Bangalore-based IT services major Infosys, on Wednesday, bid adieu to Kris Gopalakrishnan, the last among the group of founders who set up the IT major around 33 years ago. The company also gave farewell to Narayana Murthy, who will be stepping down as the non-Executive Chairman of the company.
Mr. Murthy and Mr. Gopalakrishnan stepped down as Executive Chairman and Executive Vice-Chairman, respectively, on June 14. However, they continue on the board till October 10 as non-Executive Chairman and non-Executive Vice-Chairman, respectively.
Infosys was founded jointly by Mr. Murthy and six others in 1981. The farewell day saw the coming together of the entire founding team, including Nandan Nilekani, S. D. Shibulal, K. Dinesh and N. S. Raghavan. One of the founders, Ashok Arora, who left the company quite early, was not present at the farewell event. After the resignation of Mr. Nilekani from the company in 2007, Mr. Gopalakrishnan was made the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director. He was then made Executive Vice-Chairman in 2013. Mr. Gopalakrishnan is the last founder to leave Infosys, and with his retirement, the company is headed by the first non-founder, Vishal Sikka, who took over as the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of Infosys on August 1.
Speaking to media persons at the farewell event, Mr. Gopalakrishnan said, “Infosys was founded and run by professionals. Now, there is a transition happening in the company. One set of professionals is being replaced by another set.”
When asked about his future plans, he said, “Politics is not my cup of tea. I would like to focus on research and education, and will also work to help start-up ecosystem.”
Describing his journey at Infosys as experiment of his beliefs, Mr. Murthy, designated as Chairman Emeritus, said, “Societies can solve the problem of poverty only through creation of jobs and compassionate capitalism. The success of Infosys is the result of the experiment of middle-class to build a world-class software services company.” Further, Mr. Murthy also said that, “I have no regret over my tenure in the company. The best moment in my life is when Infosys became the first company to get listed on Nasdaq.” Infosys founders also said that they had the satisfaction of creating considerable amount of wealth for every stakeholder. The company had a market value of Rs.28.50 crore on the day of listing in India in 1993, and reached to Rs.2 lakh crore now.

L&T Technology Services to acquire Dell s engg services biz - eServE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Starbucks  the tattoo-shy coffee houseStarbucks, the tattoo-shy coffee house
By Melvin Backman   @CNNMoney October 8, 2014: 10:05 AM ET
Monica Cook's tattoo sleeve has to stay covered during her shift at Starbucks.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Monica Cook works at a Starbucks ( SBUX ) in Sparks, Nevada, and she has tattoos on her chest, arms and neck. Not that you would know if you order from her.
As many coffee chains become more lenient on visible tats, Starbucks still prohibits them.
When Cook shows up for work, she wears a long-sleeve dress shirt and buttons it all the way to the top, per her manager's orders.
"He makes me cover every inch of me to make sure my tattoos don't show," she said. Hiding her ink stifles her self-expression, she said, but she obeys because she wants to be managing her own Starbucks store in a few years.
"I kind of do what I'm told," she said.
Starbucks hinted last month on an employee-focused Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) page that changes are coming , though it kept mum when CNNMoney requested comment.
An online petition requesting changes amassed more than 20,000 signatures, though Starbucks downplayed the petition's role in its decision.
Related: Starbucks baristas get schedule improvements after outcry
Tim Hortons ( THI ), the Canadian coffee and doughnut chain Burger King ( BKW ) acquired in August , announced its own policy change late last month during a hiring push in which it was looking to attract high-quality workers. Workers there no longer have to hide their ink.
The uniform, a black visor, black shirt and black pants, remains the same.
Like most other industries, practices vary from company to company. But Starbucks might be one of the more conservative holdouts when it comes to ink in the coffee workplace. For most other chains, showing non-offensive body art is fine.
Related: Motorola's Moto X tattoo is one of 13 WTF gadgets
Dunkin Donuts ( DNKN ) only asks that employees cover up tattoos that depict things like nudity or bad language, though the company didn't elaborate on what kinds of tattoos were allowed or its dress code.
Peet's Coffee, which got its start in famously freaky Berkeley, California, in 1966, lets its baristas wear whatever feels comfortable, within reason. It's the same with tattoos, provided they're not offensive.
"It needs to be clean and safe and its needs to be respectful," said Jane Marvin, who heads human resources for Peet's.
Up until last year, they couldn't wear jeans and shorts, but even that policy has loosened up.
"It's about the pursuit of better coffee," she said.
Gloria Jean's, the mall staple, had a no-tattoo policy a decade ago — or at least "way back," said its HR head Tommy Falls.
Then they found that their recruiting began to suffer.
"You end up turning away good, quality people," he said. So he and others at the company, looking for a solution, ended up looking to the U.S. Army, a place considerably stricter than the average coffee house.
Soldiers in that branch of the military can have visible, inoffensive tattoos below the neck and above the wrist (though it announced in March that it had tightened the policy a bit).
That was enough for Falls and the other HR folks. Baristas still have to wear company-branded crewnecks or polo shirts tucked into black pants but now they can show off their ink.
"If the U.S. Army can wear them, we figure we can too," he said.
Baristas! Tell us all about your coffee shop's tattoo policy and better yet, show us your tattoos! Post a tattoo selfie to Instagram using #baristaink, then share your experience with us. Contact Melvin Backman at melvin.backman@turner.com. You could be included in an upcoming CNNMoney story.
First Published: October 8, 2014: 10:05 AM ET
Most Popular

New app for coffee drinkers in a hurryNew app for coffee drinkers in a hurry
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney October 8, 2014: 1:07 PM ET
Technology solves another #FirstWorldProblem.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
If you love coffee but hate standing in line, there's an app for you.
Square, which makes mobile payment technology, has produced an app that allows users to order coffee using their phone so that it's ready, paid for and hot when they arrive.
"Just pick it up and be on your way," says a blog post on Square's website.
The Square Order app uses a new "arrival prediction technology" to gauge how far a user is from their favorite coffee shop and sends a message to the baristas there when the user is getting close. That way, the latte or cappuccino will be finished when the user arrives, but it won't get cold, assuming it's not an iced drink.
Related: Elon Musk's $2 billion Tesla tweet
The app also bills the user's credit card so there's no need to wait in line to see the cashier.
For now, the service is available at a few coffee shops in New York and San Francisco, such as Blue Bottle, which has locations in both cities.

Ferguson police chief: Its hurtful to hear allegations of racism  over-agressionBy Robert Samuels October 8 Follow @newsbysamuels
Ferguson, Mo., Police Chief Thomas Jackson. (Scott Olson/Getty Images)
Ferguson, Mo., Police Chief Thomas Jackson, whose department is under investigation by the Justice Department for civil rights violations, does not appreciate when people assume he’s out of touch when it comes to issues of race.
He talked with The Post about race and racism, and what he’s learned about white privilege since one of his officers, Darren Wilson, shot unarmed black teenager Michael Brown. Here are some of his comments, which have been edited for clarity:
“I grew up in this area and raised my family in integrated neighborhoods. People are people to me. So when I was a young man, obviously I had black friends. I recall one time, specifically, we were in a pit orchestra for the Kirkwood Playmakers. At the time, I was a trombonist.
“We had dinner at my house, and we were driving to the rehearsal and we got pulled over — I won’t mention the municipality — but they got us out of the car and separated us. My black friend wasn’t treated well, and one of the officers asked me if my parents knew who I was with. I said, ‘Of course, my mother just fixed us dinner.’ I was confused by it. I was 17 years old.”
That experience, Jackson said, “influenced me throughout my career. As a young policeman, it made me made sure that I treated everyone fairly because I had a sense of this perception [that police sometimes treated black people differently]. Since I was aware of it and knew it was real, I wasn’t going to be a part of it. … As a supervisor and as a commander, I’d do everything I could to make sure that no one undermined my direction and behaved in such a manner.”
Jackson then called it “hurtful” to hear allegations that his department was racist or too aggressive. He disputed the idea that his department racially profiles drivers — and said he tells his officers “to treat everyone how you would want your mother to be treated.”
Still, after 30 years of policing, Jackson noted he recently learned about a privilege that he did know he had as a white person.
“Early on, in the week following the shooting of Michael Brown, we had a community gathering at Christ the King Church. Myself and the prosecuting attorney, the governor, the county police chief and local leaders were all in a panel to address a very large crowd.
“There I learned about mothers and fathers having to sit down with growing young black males to talk to them about how to behave when confronted by the police. It made very sad to hear that, because I didn’t have to do that with my kids. I can’t imagine having to sit down with my boys and say, ‘Because you’re white, you have to be extra careful about law enforcement.’ That’s a perception that is probably rooted in some reality for a lot of people.’
 RELATED: 
Ferguson Police Chief Tom Jackson directly addressed Michael Brown's family, saying that he is "truly sorry for the loss of your son." Devin James Group owns all the rights to this video. (Courtesy of the Devin James Group)
Robert Samuels writes for the Post’s social issues team. In Maryland, he focuses on issues affecting low-income children and families. He also covers life in the District.

Krugman: Why Obama Is A Historic SuccessEmail
Win McNamee/Getty
President Obama signing the Affordable Care Act. In our new cover story, Paul Krugman explores the president's successes.
The Nobel Prize-winning economist, once one of the president’s most notable critics, on why Obama is a historic success
By Paul Krugman
| October 8, 2014
When it comes to Barack Obama, I've always been out of sync. Back in 2008, when many liberals were wildly enthusiastic about his candidacy and his press was strongly favorable, I was skeptical. I worried that he was naive, that his talk about transcending the political divide was a dangerous illusion given the unyielding extremism of the modern American right. Furthermore, it seemed clear to me that, far from being the transformational figure his supporters imagined, he was rather conventional-minded: Even before taking office, he showed signs of paying far too much attention to what some of us would later take to calling Very Serious People, people who regarded cutting budget deficits and a willingness to slash Social Security as the very essence of political virtue.
Related
Hope and Change Index: 6 Years of Progress, By the Numbers
And I wasn't wrong. Obama was indeed naive: He faced scorched-earth Republican opposition from Day One, and it took him years to start dealing with that opposition realistically. Furthermore, he came perilously close to doing terrible things to the U.S. safety net in pursuit of a budget Grand Bargain; we were saved from significant cuts to Social Security and a rise in the Medicare age only by Republican greed, the GOP's unwillingness to make even token concessions.
But now the shoe is on the other foot: Obama faces trash talk left, right and center – literally – and doesn't deserve it. Despite bitter opposition, despite having come close to self-inflicted disaster, Obama has emerged as one of the most consequential and, yes, successful presidents in American history. His health reform is imperfect but still a huge step forward – and it's working better than anyone expected. Financial reform fell far short of what should have happened, but it's much more effective than you'd think. Economic management has been half-crippled by Republican obstruction, but has nonetheless been much better than in other advanced countries. And environmental policy is starting to look like it could be a major legacy.
I'll go through those achievements shortly. First, however, let's take a moment to talk about the current wave of Obama-bashing. All Obama-bashing can be divided into three types. One, a constant of his time in office, is the onslaught from the right, which has never stopped portraying him as an Islamic atheist Marxist Kenyan. Nothing has changed on that front, and nothing will.
Photo: Sean Gallup/Getty
There's a different story on the left, where you now find a significant number of critics decrying Obama as, to quote Cornel West, someone who ''posed as a progressive and turned out to be counterfeit.'' They're outraged that Wall Street hasn't been punished, that income inequality remains so high, that ''neoliberal'' economic policies are still in place. All of this seems to rest on the belief that if only Obama had put his eloquence behind a radical economic agenda, he could somehow have gotten that agenda past all the political barriers that have con- strained even his much more modest efforts. It's hard to take such claims seriously.
Finally, there's the constant belittling of Obama from mainstream pundits and talking heads. Turn on cable news (although I wouldn't advise it) and you'll hear endless talk about a rudderless, stalled administration, maybe even about a failed presidency. Such talk is often buttressed by polls showing that Obama does, indeed, have an approval rating that is very low by historical standards.
But this bashing is misguided even in its own terms – and in any case, it's focused on the wrong thing. 
Yes, Obama has a low approval rating compared with earlier presidents. But there are a number of reasons to believe that presidential approval doesn't mean the same thing that it used to: There is much more party-sorting (in which Republicans never, ever have a good word for a Democratic president, and vice versa), the public is negative on politicians in general, and so on. Obviously the midterm election hasn't happened yet, but in a year when Republicans have a huge structural advantage – Democrats are defending a disproportionate number of Senate seats in deep-red states – most analyses suggest that control of the Senate is in doubt, with Democrats doing considerably better than they were supposed to. This isn't what you'd expect to see if a failing president were dragging his party down.
More important, however, polls – or even elections – are not the measure of a president. High office shouldn't be about putting points on the electoral scoreboard, it should be about changing the country for the better. Has Obama done that? Do his achievements look likely to endure? The answer to both questions is yes.
HEALTH CARE
When Obama signed the Affordable Care Act, an excited Joe Biden whispered audibly, ''This is a big fucking deal!'' He was right.
Related
Obamacare: It's Working!
The enactment and implementation of the Affordable Care Act, a.k.a. Obamacare, has been a perils-of-Pauline experience. When an upset in the special election to replace Ted Kennedy cost Democrats their 60-vote Senate majority, health reform had to be rescued with fancy legislative footwork. Then it survived a Supreme Court challenge only thanks to a surprise display of conscience by John Roberts, who nonetheless opened a loophole that has allowed Republican-controlled states to deny coverage to millions of Americans. Then technical difficulties with the HealthCare.gov website seemed to threaten disaster. But here we are, most of the way through the first full year of reform's implementation, and it's working better than even the optimists expected.
We won't have the full data on 2014 until next year's census report, but multiple independent surveys show a sharp drop in the number of Americans without health insurance, probably around 10 million, a number certain to grow greatly over the next two years as more people realize that the program is available and penalties for failure to sign up increase.
It's true that the Affordable Care Act will still leave millions of people in America uninsured. For one thing, it was never intended to cover undocumented immigrants, who are counted in standard measures of the uninsured. Furthermore, millions of low-income Americans will slip into the loophole Roberts created: They were supposed to be covered by a federally funded expansion of Medicaid, but some states are blocking that expansion out of sheer spite. Finally, unlike Social Security and Medicare, for which almost everyone is automatically eligible, Obamacare requires beneficiaries to prove their eligibility for Medicaid or choose and then pay for a subsidized private plan. Inevitably, some people will fall through the cracks.
Still, Obamacare means a huge improvement in the quality of life for tens of millions of Americans – not just better care, but greater financial security. And even those who were already insured have gained both security and freedom, because they now have a guarantee of coverage if they lose or change jobs.
What about the costs? Here, too, the news is better than anyone expected. In 2014, premiums on the insurance policies offered through the Obamacare exchanges were well below those originally projected by the Congressional Budget Office, and the available data indicates a mix of modest increases and actual reductions for 2015 – which is very good in a sector where premiums normally increase five percent or more each year. More broadly, overall health spending has slowed substantially, with the cost-control features of the ACA probably deserving some of the credit.
In other words, health reform is looking like a major policy success story. It's a program that is coming in ahead of schedule – and below budget – costing less, and doing more to reduce overall health costs than even its supporters predicted.
Of course, this success story makes nonsense of right-wing predictions of catastrophe. Beyond that, the good news on health costs refutes conservative orthodoxy. It's a fixed idea on the right, sometimes echoed by ''centrist'' commentators, that the only way to limit health costs is to dismantle guarantees of adequate care – for example, that the only way to control Medicare costs is to replace Medicare as we know it, a program that covers major medical expenditures, with vouchers that may or may not be enough to buy adequate insurance. But what we're actually seeing is what looks like significant cost control via a laundry list of small changes to how we pay for care, with the basic guarantee of adequate coverage not only intact but widened to include Americans of all ages.
It's worth pointing out that some criticisms of Obamacare from the left are also looking foolish. Obamacare is a system partly run through private insurance companies (although expansion of Medicaid is also a very important piece). And some on the left were outraged, arguing that the program would do more to raise profits in the medical-industrial complex than it would to protect American families.
You can still argue that single-payer would have covered more people at lower cost – in fact, I would. But that option wasn't on the table; only a system that appeased insurers and reassured the public that not too much would change was politically feasible. And it's working reasonably well: Competition among insurers who can no longer deny insurance to those who need it most is turning out to be pretty effective. This isn't the health care system you would have designed from scratch, or if you could ignore special-interest politics, but it's doing the job.
And this big improvement in American society is almost surely here to stay. The conservative health care nightmare – the one that led Republicans to go all-out against Bill Clinton's health plans in 1993 and Obamacare more recently – is that once health care for everyone, or almost everyone, has been put in place, it will be very hard to undo, because too many voters would have a stake in the system. That's exactly what is happening. Republicans are still going through the motions of attacking Obamacare, but the passion is gone. They're even offering mealymouthed assurances that people won't lose their new benefits. By the time Obama leaves office, there will be tens of millions of Americans who have benefited directly from health reform – and that will make it almost impossible to reverse. Health reform has made America a different, better place.
Photo: Susan Walsh/AP
FINANCIAL REFORM
Let's be clear: The financial crisis should have been followed by a drastic crackdown on Wall Street abuses, and it wasn't. No important figures have gone to jail; bad banks and other financial institutions, from Citigroup to Goldman, were bailed out with few strings attached; and there has been nothing like the wholesale restructuring and reining in of finance that took place in the 1930s. Obama bears a considerable part of the blame for this disappointing response. It was his Treasury secretary and his attorney general who chose to treat finance with kid gloves.
It's easy, however, to take this disappointment too far. You often hear Dodd- Frank, the financial-reform bill that Obama signed into law in 2010, dismissed as toothless and meaningless. It isn't. It may not prevent the next financial crisis, but there's a good chance that it will at least make future crises less severe and easier to deal with.
Dodd-Frank is a complicated piece of legislation, but let me single out three really important sections.
First, the law gives a special council the ability to designate ''systemically important financial institutions'' (SIFIs) – that is, institutions that could create a crisis if they were to fail – and place such institutions under extra scrutiny and regulation of things like the amount of capital they are required to maintain to cover possible losses. This provision has been derided as ineffectual or worse – during the 2012 presidential campaign, Mitt Romney claimed that by announcing that some firms were SIFIs, the government was effectively guaranteeing that they would be bailed out, which he called ''the biggest kiss that's been given to New York banks I've ever seen.''
But it's easy to prove that this is nonsense: Just look at how institutions behave when they're designated as SIFIs. Are they pleased, because they're now guaranteed? Not a chance. Instead, they're furious over the extra regulation, and in some cases fight bitterly to avoid being placed on the list. Right now, for example, MetLife is making an all-out effort to be kept off the SIFI list; this effort demonstrates that we're talking about real regulation here, and that financial interests don't like it.
Another key provision in Dodd-Frank is ''orderly liquidation authority,'' which gives the government the legal right to seize complex financial institutions in a crisis. This is a bigger deal than you might think. We have a well-established procedure for seizing ordinary banks that get in trouble and putting them into receivership; in fact, it happens all the time. But what do you do when something like Citigroup is on the edge, and its failure might have devastating consequences? Back in 2009, Joseph Stiglitz and yours truly, among others, wanted to temporarily nationalize one or two major financial players, for the same reasons the FDIC takes over failing banks, to keep the institutions running but avoid bailing out stockholders and management. We got a chance to make that case directly to the president. But we lost the argument, and one key reason was Treasury's claim that it lacked the necessary legal authority. I still think it could have found a way, but in any case that won't be an issue next time.
A third piece of Dodd-Frank is the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. That's Elizabeth Warren's brainchild, an agency dedicated to protecting Americans against the predatory lending that has pushed so many into financial distress, and played an important role in the crisis. Warren's idea was that such a stand-alone agency would more effectively protect the public than agencies that were supposed to protect consumers, but saw their main job as propping up banks. And by all accounts the new agency is in fact doing much more to crack down on predatory practices than anything we used to see.
There's much more in the financial reform, including a number of pieces we don't have enough information to evaluate yet. But there's enough evidence even now to say that there's a reason Wall Street – which used to give an approximately equal share of money to both parties but now overwhelmingly supports Republicans – tried so hard to kill financial reform, and is still trying to emasculate Dodd-Frank. This may not be the full overhaul of finance we should have had, and it's not as major as health reform. But it's a lot better than nothing.
THE ECONOMY
Barack Obama might not have been elected president without the 2008 financial crisis; he certainly wouldn't have had the House majority and the brief filibuster-proof Senate majority that made health reform possible. So it's very disappointing that six years into his presidency, the U.S. economy is still a long way from being fully recovered.
Before we ask why, however, we should note that things could have been worse. In fact, in other times and places they have been worse. Make no mistake about it – the devastation wrought by the financial crisis was terrible, with real income falling 5.5 percent. But that's actually not as bad as the ''typical'' experience after financial crises: Even in advanced countries, the median post-crisis decline in per- capita real GDP is seven percent. Recovery has been slow: It took almost six years for the United States to regain pre-crisis average income. But that was actually a bit faster than the historical average.
Or compare our performance with that of the European Union. Unemployment in America rose to a horrifying 10 percent in 2009, but it has come down sharply in the past few years. It's true that some of the apparent improvement probably reflects discouraged workers dropping out, but there has been substantial real progress. Meanwhile, Europe has had barely any job recovery at all, and unemployment is still in double digits. Compared with our counterparts across the Atlantic, we haven't done too badly.
Did Obama's policies contribute to this less-awful performance? Yes, without question. You'd never know it listening to the talking heads, but there's overwhelming consensus among economists that the Obama stimulus plan helped mitigate the worst of the slump. For example, when a panel of economic experts was asked whether the U.S. unemployment rate was lower at the end of 2010 than it would have been without the stimulus, 82 percent said yes, only two percent said no.
Still, couldn't the U.S. economy have done a lot better? Of course. The original stimulus should have been both bigger and longer. And after Republicans won the House in 2010, U.S. policy took a sharp turn in the wrong direction. Not only did the stimulus fade out, but sequestration led to further steep cuts in federal spending, exactly the wrong thing to do in a still-depressed economy.
We can argue about how much Obama could have altered this literally depressing turn of events. He could have pushed for a larger, more extended stimulus, perhaps with provisions for extra aid that would have kicked in if unemployment stayed high. (This isn't 20-20 hindsight, because a number of economists, myself included, pleaded for more aggressive measures from the beginning.) He arguably let Republicans blackmail him over the debt ceiling in 2011, leading to the sequester. But this is all kind of iffy.
The bottom line on Obama's economic policy should be that what he did helped the economy, and that while enormous economic and human damage has taken place on his watch, the United States coped with the financial crisis better than most countries facing comparable crises have managed. He should have done more and better, but the narrative that portrays his policies as a simple failure is all wrong.
While America remains an incredibly unequal society, and we haven't seen anything like the New Deal's efforts to narrow income gaps, Obama has done more to limit inequality than he gets credit for. The rich are paying higher taxes, thanks to the partial expiration of the Bush tax cuts and the special taxes on high incomes that help pay for Obamacare; the Congressional Budget Office estimates the average tax rate of the top one percent at 33.6 percent in 2013, up from 28.1 percent in 2008. Meanwhile, the financial aid in Obamacare – expanded Medicaid, subsidies to help lower-income households pay insurance premiums – goes disproportionately to less-well-off Americans. When conservatives accuse Obama of redistributing income, they're not completely wrong – and liberals should give him credit.
THE ENVIRONMENT
In 2009, it looked, briefly, as if we might be about to get real on the issue of climate change. A fairly comprehensive bill establishing a cap-and-trade system to limit greenhouse-gas emissions actually passed the House, and visions of global action danced like sugarplums in environmentalists' heads. But the legislation stalled in the Senate, and Republican victory in the 2010 midterms put an end to that fantasy. Ever since, the only way forward has been through executive action based on existing legislation, which is a poor substitute for the new laws we need.
Related
The Turning Point: New Hope for the Climate
But as with financial reform, acknowledging the inadequacy of what has been done doesn't mean that nothing has been achieved. Saying that Obama has been the best environmental president in a long time is actually faint praise, since George W. Bush was terrible and Bill Clinton didn't get much done. Still, it's true, and there's reason to hope for a lot more over the next two years.
Photo: Doug Mills/The New York Times
First of all, there has been much more progress on the use of renewable energy than most people realize. The share of U.S. energy provided by wind and solar has grown dramatically since Obama took office. True, it's still only a small fraction of the total, and some of the growth in renewables reflects technological progress, especially in solar panels, that would have happened whoever was in office. But federal policies, including loan guarantees and tax credits, have played an important role.
Nor is it just about renewables; Obama has also taken big steps on energy conservation, especially via fuel-efficiency standards, that have flown, somewhat mysteriously, under the radar. And it's not just cars. In 2011, the administration announced the first-ever fuel-efficiency standards for medium and heavy vehicles, and in February it announced that these standards would get even tougher for models sold after 2018. As a way to curb green house-gas emissions, these actions, taken together, are comparable in importance to proposed action on power plants.
Which brings us to the latest initiative. Because there's no chance of getting climate-change legislation through Congress for the foreseeable future, Obama has turned to the EPA's existing power to regulate pollution – power that the Supreme Court has affirmed extends to emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. And this past summer, the EPA announced proposed rules that would require a large reduction over time in such emissions from power plants. You might say that such plants are only a piece of the problem, but they're a large piece – CO2 from coal-burning power plants is in fact a big part of the problem, so if the EPA goes through with anything like the proposed rule, it will be a major step. Again, not nearly enough, and we'll have to do a lot more soon, or face civilization-threatening disaster. But what Obama has done is far from trivial.
NATIONAL SECURITY
So far, i've been talking about Obama's positive achievements, which have been much bigger than his critics understand. I do, however, need to address one area that has left some early Obama supporters bitterly disappointed: his record on national security policy. Let's face it – many of his original enthusiasts favored him so strongly over Hillary Clinton because she supported the Iraq War and he didn't. They hoped he would hold the people who took us to war on false pretenses accountable, that he would transform American foreign policy, and that he would drastically curb the reach of the national security state.
Related
Obama Vs. The Hawks
None of that happened. Obama's team, as far as we can tell, never even considered going after the deceptions that took us to Baghdad, perhaps because they believed that this would play very badly at a time of financial crisis. On overall foreign policy, Obama has been essentially a normal post-Vietnam president, reluctant to commit U.S. ground troops and eager to extract them from ongoing commitments, but quite willing to bomb people considered threatening to U.S. interests. And he has defended the prerogatives of the NSA and the surveillance state in general.
Could and should he have been different? The truth is that I have no special expertise here; as an ordinary concerned citizen, I worry about the precedent of allowing what amount to war crimes to go not just unpunished but uninvestigated, even while appreciating that a modern version of the 1970s Church committee hearings on CIA abuses might well have been a political disaster, and undermined the policy achievements I've tried to highlight. What I would say is that even if Obama is just an ordinary president on national security issues, that's a huge improvement over what came before and what we would have had if John McCain or Mitt Romney had won. It's hard to get excited about a policy of not going to war gratuitously, but it's a big deal compared with the alternative.
SOCIAL CHANGE
In 2004, social issues, along with national security, were cudgels the right used to bludgeon liberals – I like to say that Bush won re-election by posing as America's defender against gay married terrorists. Ten years later, and the scene is transformed: Democrats have turned these social issues – especially women's rights – against Republicans; gay marriage has been widely legalized with approval or at least indifference from the wider public. We have, in a remarkably short stretch of time, become a notably more tolerant, open-minded nation.
Barack Obama has been more a follower than a leader on these issues. But at least he has been willing to follow the country's new open-mindedness. We shouldn't take this for granted. Before the Obama presidency, Democrats were in a kind of reflexive cringe on social issues, acting as if the religious right had far more power than it really does and ignoring the growing constituency on the other side. It's easy to imagine that if someone else had been president these past six years, Democrats would still be cringing as if it were 2004. Thankfully, they aren't. And the end of the cringe also, I'd argue, helped empower them to seek real change on substantive issues from health reform to the environment. Which brings me back to domestic issues.
As you can see, there's a theme running through each of the areas of domestic policy I've covered. In each case, Obama delivered less than his supporters wanted, less than the country arguably deserved, but more than his current detractors acknowledge. The extent of his partial success ranges from the pretty good to the not-so-bad to the ugly. Health reform looks pretty good, especially in historical perspective – remember, even Social Security, in its original FDR version, only covered around half the workforce. Financial reform is, I'd argue, not so bad – it's not the second coming of Glass-Steagall, but there's a lot more protection against runaway finance than anyone except angry Wall Streeters seems to realize. Economic policy wasn't enough to avoid a very ugly period of high unemployment, but Obama did at least mitigate the worst.
And as far as climate policy goes, there's reason for hope, but we'll have to see.
Am I damning with faint praise? Not at all. This is what a successful presidency looks like. No president gets to do everything his supporters expected him to. FDR left behind a reformed nation, but one in which the wealthy retained a lot of power and privilege. On the other side, for all his anti-government rhetoric, Reagan left the core institutions of the New Deal and the Great Society in place. I don't care about the fact that Obama hasn't lived up to the golden dreams of 2008, and I care even less about his approval rating. I do care that he has, when all is said and done, achieved a lot. That is, as Joe Biden didn't quite say, a big deal.

CEO turnover rises last month0
Most of the top job departures occurred in the health care industry, with 78 CEOs leaving in the third quarter. The bulk of the turnovers have occured in the health care industry, with 232 CEO departures, followed by the government and non-profit sectors combined, with 154 departures.
Also of note, the report notes that activist investor Carl Icahn is behind at least three of the CEO departures in September, including John Donahoe of Ebay, although Donahoe denies that his leaving has anything to do with pressure from Icahn. Clorox CEO Don Knauss and Hertz Corp. CEO Mark Frissora also left after Icahn got involved. 
The bulk of CEOs -- 43 resigned from their jobs in September, followed by 26 retirements. Only two were ousted from the top position.
crshropshire@tribune.com

Guest post: EM growth may well disappoint over next five yearsSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Gopalakrishnan logs out of InfosysGopalakrishnan logs out of Infosys
Tougher screening at US airports for people from Ebola areasTougher screening at US airports for people from Ebola areas
After India sends Pakistan tough message on border fire  PM hints at earlyresolutionPrint
President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Narendra Modi attending the 'At Home' hosted by the Chief of the Air Staff on the occasion of 82nd Anniversary of Indian Air Force at Air House in New Delhi on Wednesday. Source: PTI Photo
Written by Pranav Kulkarni , Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 1:41 am
Hours after India warned Pakistan of an “effective and appropriate” response to ceasefire violations along the border, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday hinted at an early resolution, saying “everything will be fine soon”.
The Prime Minister’s remark was in response to a reporter’s query during an at-home gathering at the official residence of Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha on the 82nd Air Force Day. Modi was seen speaking to Army Chief General Dalbir Singh.
Earlier in the day, Raha told reporters that the border “matter is serious” but the government and security forces were doing their best to return the situation to normal.
“India wants good relations with its neighbours… a number of steps are being taken… We are all concerned. Efforts are being made to bring this to an end,” Raha said.
Top government sources ruled out any talks till Pakistan stopped its attacks. “It was the Pakistani side which started the ceasefire violation. There will be no talks till the shelling stops,” a senior official said.
“Pakistan should stop (firing). We did not escalate the situation and we are not going to give in to coercive diplomacy.”
Addressing election rallies in Karnal, Faridabad and Kaithal in Haryana, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh assured people living in the border villages of Jammu and Kashmir that they would soon return to their homes since the Pakistani “misadventure” was being responded to adequately.
“The situation in India has changed and Pakistan should understand this,” he said.
Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju said India will continue to respond to ceasefire violations. “There is not going to be any flag meeting because our forces are responding appropriately. We will see whatever outcome is there,” he said.
In Jammu, Jitendra Singh, Minister of State in the PMO, said: “There are indications that Pakistani Army is also with the Rangers.” He said the BSF had taken appropriate action. “There is a befitting reply from Indian side and the other side is also realising that the manner in which they are suffering casualties.”
A PTI report from the United Nations headquarters said Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has asked India and Pakistan to resolve their issues diplomatically and through dialogue.
Late Wednesday night, fresh firing from Pakistan was reported in Akhnoor.
On Tuesday, the BSF fired 10,000 medium machine gun rounds, the maximum since the clashes at the border. “The jawans have been told to fire with all might and there is no let-up from our side. We still stand by our decision not continued…

US Stocks Surge as Fed Sees More Low RatesKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Seattle Suburb: Water Safe to Drink AgainKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Billion Day sale cost Flipkart big; govt sits upBillion Day sale cost Flipkart big; govt sits up
Another Indian gets global MNC roleAnother Indian gets global MNC role
Remember Chand Mohammad He is back as Chander Mohan  forvotesAlmost six years after he left his wife for Anuradha Bali — the two converted to Islam to facilitate a second marriage although he divorced her through a telephone call within months .
Written by Pradeep R Kaushal | Nalwa | Posted: October 9, 2014 2:08 am
The Deputy Chief Minister who famously gave up his career, family and religion for love in 2008 is back in front of the cameras — this time, in his original avatar, as Chander Mohan, son of Bhajan Lal.
Once known as Chand Mohammad, husband of Fiza, Chander Mohan is now the official candidate of Haryana Janhit Congress, led by his younger brother Kuldeep Bishnoi. Canvassing for votes in Hisar town, in the Nalwa constituency, Chander Mohan’s opening line at the doorstep of a voter goes like this: “Tau, thara chhora aa gaya (Tau, your boy has come).”
Almost six years after he left his wife for Anuradha Bali — the two converted to Islam to facilitate a second marriage although he divorced her through a telephone call within months — and two years after the former assistant advocate general of Haryana was found dead at her home, Chander Mohan’s rehabilitation appears to be complete. So much so that those campaigning for him now include his first wife Seema Bishnoi, mother Jasma Devi and sister Roshni Bishnoi.
In fact, Chander Mohan is considered a strong contender this time in a multi-cornered contest with Rajya Sabha member Ranbir Singh Gangwa of the INLD, former home minister and sitting MLA Sampat Singh of the Congress and Hari Singh of the BJP. More so because a major chunk of this town was earlier a part of the Mandi Adampur constituency, which has been represented by the Bhajan Lal family for nearly five decades.
“Please bless me the way you supported my father,” he tells people, obviously working on the respect that his father’s name invokes in the area.
“There is no home in the area which has not personally benefitted from Bhajan Lalji,” says Sita Ram Sharma, a voter at Muklan village. “He gave everybody a government job.Those families that did not have even two square meals a day have got half-a-dozen people each in government jobs now. How can they not vote for his son?”
On his part, Chander Mohan wants to ensure that his brother becomes the next chief minister of Haryana. \”I had vowed at the grave of my father to make my brother the chief Minister. And I will do everything that I can to honour that pledge.”
But not surprisingly, his rivals are keen to ensure that Chander Mohan remains tied down to ‘that controversy’. Anonymous posters have come up in some parts of the constituency, with images of him sharing intimate moments with Fiza. ‘He is coming to seek votes in your village, think for a moment’, goes the tagline.

UPA panel set tough norms for tribal land  NDA sits onreportIntroduce penalties to prevent deliberate flouting of the Forest Rights Act, such as (through) exception to linear projects, and (through) decisions of the Cabinet Committee on Investment.
Written by Jay Mazoomdaar | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 2:01 am
* “Amend the new Land Acquisition Act to safeguard tribal land and disallow acquisition by a non-tribal, including private companies.”
* “Make gram sabha consent mandatory for acquisition of land, even by the government for its own use.”
* “Introduce penalties to prevent deliberate flouting of the Forest Rights Act, such as (through) exception to linear projects, and (through) decisions of the Cabinet Committee on Investment.”
* “Appoint a judicial commission to investigate cases of ‘Naxal offences’ filed against tribals and their supporters.”
These are some of the key recommendations of the high-level committee constituted by the UPA to study the socio-economic, health and educational status of tribal communities, and to “identify areas of intervention by government” and “suggest policy initiatives”. The NDA government has been sitting on the report for four months now.
Set up in August 2013 in line with the Sachar Committee, the seven-member panel chaired by Virginius Xaxa, a member of the UPA’s National Advisory Council, submitted its report on May 29, three days after the Narendra Modi Cabinet took oath. Sources in the Ministry of Tribal Affairs said the report was forwarded to the Prime Minister’s Office in the second week of July and the PMO sent it back to the ministry in August.
Since then, the Tribal Affairs Ministry has been tightlipped about it. Tribal Affairs Minister Jual Oram told The Indian Express, which has accessed the report, that “the HLC (high-level committee) report is still under consideration”. He refused to say if his ministry had received any specific instruction from the PMO.
“When I met the minister in August, I was told the government was studying our report. I wrote to the ministry three weeks ago but I am yet to hear from them,” Xaxa said.
Tribal Affairs Secretary Hrushikesh Panda was the member-secretary of the Xaxa committee and contributed one chapter to the report. Dr Usha Ramanathan, Dr Joseph Bara, Dr K K Mishra, Dr Abhay Bang and Sunita Basant were the other members.
The government’s dilemma, say ministry sources, is over certain observations and recommendations in the report that challenge the policy push to clear bottlenecks and road blocks in land acquisition for development projects, mining, large dams etc.
The thrust of the panel’s recommendations:
Land acquisition
* Prevent all kinds of tribal land alienation and restore alienated land to tribal owners as per the PESA — Panchayat (Extension to Scheduled Areas) Act — and confirmatory Acts by states.
* Halt measures of institutions such as the Cabinet Committee on Investment that pursue priorities in direct breach of law.
* Limit exercise of ‘eminent domain’ and definition of ‘public purpose’.
* Review the practice of signing MoUs with companies, that takes away the neutrality of the State.
* Curb government agencies acquiring land continued…

Govt links hydel projects to Ganga clean-up  proposes new clearancerulesThe government proposed a new set of three imperative conditions: maintenance of a minimum quantum of environmental flow, longitudinal river connectivity and aviral dhara (continuous flow) for the river on which such a project is planned. (Source: PTI)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 1:53 am
The NDA government plans to link hydro electric projects (HEPs) with its ambitious Ganga rejuvenation plan, for which it has proposed a new set of norms that all the project proponents will have to comply with before procuring environmental clearances.
In its affidavit to the Supreme Court on Wednesday, the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) stated that it wanted to make sure that clearances to HEPs do not obstruct or hamper the Ganga clean-up plan in any manner since “they hold the key to the successful rejuvenation and restoration of the wholesomeness of the river.”
It said a “synergy and fine balance has to be established between the objective of the Ganga River Basin Environment Management Plan and the mechanism/ strategy to be followed by this ministry for deciding environmental clearances to the HEPs on Ganga and its tributaries.”
The government proposed a new set of three imperative conditions: maintenance of a minimum quantum of environmental flow, longitudinal river connectivity and aviral dhara (continuous flow) for the river on which such a project is planned. The three conditions, it said, are required to maintain ecological integrity and biodiversity of the river, non-disruptive biota movement and sediment transportation. These clauses are likely to be applicable across the board for all HEPs.
“Therefore, all HEPs on Ganga and its tributaries in Uttarakhand shall have to adhere to these specifications while designing and operating the plants,” the MoEF said. The SC will examine the proposal on Thursday.
The bulk of HEPs are either commissioned or being constructed in Ganga sub-basins in Uttarakhand. Twenty-four of the total 39 proposed projects in the state were stalled after the SC held that they were significantly impacting biodiversity in two sub-basins of the Alaknanda and Bhagirathi rivers. Besides Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu & Kashmir, Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh also have HEPs.
Admitting that the aspect of environmental flow was “unfortunately not adequately addressed” while granting environmental clearances for the HEPs in Uttarakhand, the MoEF said it wanted to make such clearances mandatory for projects below 25 MW capacity also. The existing rules exempt these projects in a bid to promote smaller capacity HEPs. The ministry said at least eight of the stalled 24 projects were found to be causing significant adverse impact on biodiversity.
“The ministry proposes to bring these projects also under the purview of the environmental appraisal by making environmental clearances mandatory for them. Besides, the issue of aviral dhara and longitudinal connectivity shall also apply for all HEPs, regardless of the capacity and continued…

Bushfire to bullets: Face-off threatens to spin out ofcontrolFor a while, it looked like the tactic had worked: no shots were fired across the India-Pakistan border in Jammu that day, or the next. (Source: PTI)
Written by Praveen Swami | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 1:47 am
Early on Eid morning, Indian border guards at Pital Post, not far from the small market town of Arnia in Jammu, began their routine march along the giant, barbed-wire border fence that runs from the Rann of Kutch to Kashmir. Like any other day, they wore body armour and carried guns — but this time, they had an unusual message to pass on. “Let’s stop firing”, they had been ordered to shout out to every Pakistani patrol passing by, “it isn’t good for your people or for ours.”
For a while, it looked like the tactic had worked: no shots were fired across the India-Pakistan border in Jammu that day, or the next.
Then, before dawn on Monday, mortar shells arched over the border, landing in middle of Arnia and the adjoining hamlet of Mashan-De-Kothe. Lined up at Arnia’s cremation ground that evening were the bodies of Parshottam Lal and his 13-year-old daughter Kajal; Satya Devi, wife of Chajju Ram; Rajesh Kumar, son of Makka Ram; and Ram Lal, an ageing shopkeeper. The ground had space for just four bodies, and space had to be made for the fifth.
Soon, what Border Security Force Director-General DK Pathak described as the worst face-off on the India-Pakistan International Border since the war of 1971 had begun to spiral out of control. Now, the level of firing is threatening to undo a ceasefire crucial to India’s counter-terrorism defences on the Line of Control — and worse, both sides have begun to deliberately target civilian populations to force the other to back down.
Like so many of the little wars that have erupted on the India-Pakistan frontier in Kashmir, military sources told The Indian Express, the spark that lit the fire was small: a pile of burning bushes outside the BSF’s Pital Post — so named, local accounts have it, because brass artillery casing was piled up here after the 1971 war, to be auctioned to scrap-dealers. The BSF had begun clearing the undergrowth along the border late in the summer, and the Pakistan Rangers had protested, saying the fires threatened their positions.
Then, at 11:15 am on July 17, a day after a flag meeting held by local commanders to sort out the problem, constable Sanjay Dhar of the 192 Battalion was shot dead outside Pital Post, killed in a burst that left three of his colleagues, and three more labourers, injured.
“We’d had some firing in the sector because of the undergrowth dispute,” an officer familiar with the area told The Indian Express, “but they were in the nature of warning shots. No one was expecting someone to be shot.”
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, military sources said, continued…

Congress smiles as Thackerays  Modi sparUpdated: October 9, 2014 10:44 IST
Congress smiles as Thackerays, Modi spar
Varghese K. George
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressing an election rally in Rohtak, Haryana on Wednesday.
TOPICS
election
“Is he the Prime Minister only of Gujarat?” thundered Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray, addressing an evening gathering in a Mumbai suburb on Tuesday.
“Yes, I wanted him to become the Prime Minister,” he explained, conscious of the curiosity that his outburst against Prime Minister Narendra Modi evoked in the crowd. “But I don’t want him to be the PM of Gujarat.”
Mr. Modi, the key campaigner of the BJP that has gambled big in Maharashtra by ending its alliance with the Shiv Sena, is the target of Mr. Thackeray’s ire. His cousin and Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, also trains his gun on Mr. Modi.
The campaign for the October 15 Maharashtra election has taken a curious turn with the BJP pulling out all the stops to come up trumps and the Sena and the MNS together attacking the BJP.
The highly surcharged campaign has forced Mr. Modi to explain himself — something uncharacteristic of the aggressive campaigner, while the 15-year track record of the Congress-NCP alliance government has been relegated to the background.
“There is a conspiracy by the BJP to take control of the financial capital of India and divert investment to Gujarat. We cannot allow it,” said Raj Thackeray, echoing the campaign pitch of his cousin.
“There is a lie being spread that I am trying to separate Mumbai from Maharashtra,” Mr. Modi explained in various meetings, responding to the Sena allegation that the BJP was planning to separate Mumbai from Maharashtra. “It will never happen.”
“We are happy that we are not the subject of the debate,” a Congress strategist said gleefully.
The BJP’s attempt is to weave a two-strand narrative invoking Marathi pride and Mr. Modi’s development claims, with the slogan “Chhatrapati Ka Aashirwaad, Chalo Chalein Modi Ke Saath” (With the blessings of Chhatrapati [Shivaji] let’s march with Modi). “This is in a way akin to the time-tested strategy in Gujarat, of mobilising a regional sentiment within a national project,” said a BJP leader.
The fact that the BJP is not projecting a State leader could affect the party but party strategists are confident that Mr. Modi is good enough. “Modiji is the face that people associate with development and governance,” said BJP national secretary Shrikant Sharma.
The MNS and the Sena, the two outfits that have flourished in the State on the plank of regionalism that targeted various ‘others’ — South Indians first, and then Hindi speakers and Muslims — are threatened by the prospects of the BJP displacing them. “More so in the case of the MNS than the Sena,” says Sudheendra Kulkarni, political analyst and chairman, Observer Research Foundation.

A car guy atop the A-listThomas Keller, fast-food chef
In Kill the Messenger , opening 10 October in the US, Renner portrays Gary Webb, the San Jose Mercury News reporter who unravelled a bizarre chapter in unofficial US political involvement in Central America and the drug trade – only to see his own life unravel in the process.
During a promotional swing through New York, Renner sat with BBC Autos to discuss the new project, as well as temperamental British convertibles, resto-modded motorcycles and the primary importance of a free press.
Brett Berk: The political revelations in this movie are quite disruptive, as are their effects of on your character, Gary Webb. How important is it for you that a role has this kind of alignment: a message and a meaty part to play?
(Chuck Zlotnick/Focus Features)
Jeremy Renner: All of those things are very important. I feel like every job has to have a few things there for me to want to go do it, and this one had all of those things, plus it being a true story based on a real guy. It was terrible what happened to him, and it was an important story for me to tell, to push up that hill.
Gary Webb’s career was destroyed in no small part by his peers at the New York Times, the Washington Post, the Los Angeles Times and other publications. Many of these players are still active in journalism. How do you expect them to respond to this movie?
I don’t know; I didn’t make the movie for them. There have been public statements and people backtracking over these last 10 years anyway. So I think that if a really great apology were to come from a newspaper, if they were to say that we wish we had spent more time furthering his story rather than breaking him down as a journalist, maybe that would be a good thing to do. But it’s all capitalism and politics.
The Triumph TR6 convertible that Gary drives in Kill the Messenger seems like a very specific choice. How do you think that vehicle connects with or reflects on the character you portray?
He goes against the grain. It’s not a typical car that you would find in a father with kids – squishing all of them in the back to go to school. He’s kind of loose that way. He was that way with his writing, with his music. Maybe he’s disruptive. He’s an adventurer.
If you could pick out a vehicle that communicates to the world who you really are as a person, what might it be?
I’m a big car guy. I love the look of old cars, but I like modern technology. I love an old Camaro, but I also love four-wheel disc brakes – to be able to stop the car when I need to be able to stop. I love the handling of cars nowadays, versus the screech of an old Chevelle coming around a corner. And I’m a big motorcycle guy. But again, if I’m on two wheels, I want disc brakes, I want modern technology. For example, the Norton Commando was a cool, stylish bike. They just came out with a new one that’s beefier and much more modern, but has the same kind of classic styling of the ‘60s and ‘70s. So that’s coming to me in November or December. That’s a really good representation of who I am: classic styling, modern technology.
Renner at the 2012 Australian premiere of The Bourne Legacy. (Don Arnold/WireImage/Getty)
What’s the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to you in a car?
The only wreck I’ve ever been in wasn’t with another car. It was with a parked utility worker’s flatbed truck. And that’s kind of embarrassing, since I hit a stationary object. But I was in the middle of a country road, and there was just nothing out there. And I came out of a canal bank and this guy was just in the middle of the road, and I just – splat.
Funny enough, the city always wins those scenarios. Even though he was parked in the middle of the road, and there wasn’t even a cone out, he was ‘supposed to be there’. This was when I was very young, 19 or 20. If I’d had any wherewithal, I guess I could have gotten a new car out of the deal, but no. They gave me a hundred bucks – it was an old Eagle, some interim car between another car of mine being broken down. I wasn’t injured, but the car was done.
(Chuck Zlotnick/Focus Features)
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Person Who Served Ebola Quarantine Order in HospitalWARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
RADAR: Strong Storm Moves Across Midwest and Northeast
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Can You Go Solar Leases  Loans Make It PossibleKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Modi should tackle Pak rather than hold rallies: Shiv SenaModi should tackle Pak rather than hold rallies: Shiv Sena
At least 14 killed during pro-Kurdish protests in TurkeyAt least 14 killed during pro-Kurdish protests in Turkey
EXCLUSIVE-Oil prices normal  should be discussed at OPEC meeting-EcuadorEXCLUSIVE-Oil prices normal  should be discussed at OPEC meeting-Ecuador
U.S. Stocks Rally After Fed MinutesU.S. Stocks Rally After Fed Minutes
Ceasefire violations quite serious: IAF chiefunrest, conflicts and war
Describing the ceasefire violations and firing from across the border in Kashmir as “quite serious,” the Chief of the Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha, said on Wednesday that the government wanted a “quick resolution” of the problem.
“We want peace on the border. India wants good relations with our neighbours and the government is taking a number of steps in this direction diplomatically and otherwise. We are all concerned and efforts are being made to bring this to an end. All security agencies are concerned the way the things have developed in the past few days and we want an early resolution,” he said.
Reports quoting the Chenab Rangers from Sialkot say at least three persons were killed and four injured in Sialkot late on Tuesday as a result of firing by Indian troops.
Jammu’s Divisional Commissioner Shantamanu told The Hindu that two women were killed in the Samba sector while they got hit in their courtyard.
The number of dead in shelling has gone up to seven.

Switzerland gears up for automatic exchange ...You are here: Home > Collections > Switzerland
Switzerland gears up for automatic exchange of tax information
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 06.38PM IST
Tags:
Department of Finance
(Switzerland has been perceived…)
BERNE/NEW DELHI: Under global pressure including from India, Switzerland today began a process to put in place the necessary framework for automatic exchange of information on tax matters with the US, European Union and "further selected countries".
In the initial phase, these countries would include those with which Switzerland has "close economic and political ties", but it is not yet clear whether these nations would include India.
For determining these "selected" countries in the initial phase, Swiss government would also take into account whether such jurisdictions provide their taxpayers (having accounts in Swiss banks) with "sufficient scope for regularisation".
Switzerland has been perceived for long as a safe haven for alleged illicit funds or black money and it has been facing intense global pressure to lift the veil of secrecy about account and client details of its banking institutions.
Taking forward a process to implement a new global standard prepared by Paris-based OECD and approved by the G-20 last month, Swiss government's highest decision-making body Federal Council today adopted "definitive negotiation mandates for introducing he new global standard for the automatic exchange of information in tax matters with partner states".
"The introduction of the automatic exchange of information with foreign countries will be conducted by means of agreements with partner countries.
"Moreover, implementing legislation will be required in national law. This is currently being prepared by the Federal Department of Finance (of Switzerland) and will be submitted to Parliament together with the negotiated agreements," the Swiss government said after a Federal Council meeting.
The existing legislative framework excludes automatic exchange of information.
In a statement, the Swiss government said that introduction of automatic tax information exchange is to be negotiated with the European Union.
"Negotiations on the automatic exchange of information will be initiated with further selected countries. In an initial phase, consideration will be given to countries with which there are close economic and political ties and which, if appropriate, provide their taxpayers with sufficient scope for regularisation," it noted.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wall St flat after sell-off  global growth worry lingersThe Dow Jones industrial average was rising 5.36 points, or 0.03 per cent, to 16,724.75, the S&P 500 was gaining 0.04 points, or 0 per cent.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks were little changed on Wednesday after a selloff that took the S&P 500 to its lowest level in nearly two months, as concerns lingered over how a strong dollar and weak global growth may impact corporate earnings.
Costco Wholesale Corp was among the market's leaders, rising 1.9 per cent to $127.65 after its profit topped analysts' estimates for the first time in five quarters. Shares hit a record high of $128.95.
China's services sector growth weakened slightly in September as new business cooled in the world's second-largest economy. That follows weak industrial data out of Germany, the euro zone's growth engine.
Weakness in other economies and the expectation that interest rates will begin to rise in the United States as other major central banks continue to ease have boosted the US currency. The dollar index is on track to post its first weekly loss in the last 13.
"Investors are concerned the strong dollar and the weakness in the euro zone will adversely affect third quarter earnings and more importantly guidance for the fourth quarter," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York.
He said the Ebola epidemic and the advance of Islamic State militants in Syria also kept investors on edge.
The Dow Jones industrial average was rising 5.36 points, or 0.03 per cent, to 16,724.75, the S&P 500 was gaining 0.04 points, or 0 per cent, to 1,935.14 and the Nasdaq Composite was adding 0.75 points, or 0.02 per cent, to 4,385.96.
The largest per centage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Acorn International, which jumped 7 per cent, while the largest per centage decliner was A10 Networks, down 26.77 per cent.
The largest per centage gainer on the Nasdaq was Unilife Corp , up 22.52 per cent, while the largest per centage decliner was Interface Inc, down 17.57 per cent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Bank Of America, up 0.12 per cent to $16.90; Ford Motor, down 1.13 per cent to $13.94 and Petrobras, up 0.06 per cent to $16.47.
On the Nasdaq, GT Advanced Technologies, up 43 per cent to $1.73 and Cisco Systems, down 0.6 per cent to $24.50 were among the most actively traded.
Advancing issues were outnumbering declining ones on the NYSE by 1,554 to 1,131, for a 1.37-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,230 issues were rising and 1,002 falling for a 1.23-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 2 new 52-week highs and 14 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 7 new highs and 115 new lows.
Minutes from the most recent meeting of the US Federal Reserve are due at 2:00 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT). With the Fed set to complete rolling back its massive monthly bond-buying purchases this month, investors will be looking for clues on how soon it plans to lift interest rates.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Georgetown University appoints first Hindu priestUpdated: October 8, 2014 11:30 IST
Georgetown University appoints first Hindu priest
PTI
Reuters The Georgetown University has appointed its first Hindu priest to serve the religious needs of its Hindu students, whose number has increased in recent years.
TOPICS
hinduism
Pratima Dharm, who recently retired as the first Hindu chaplain in the U.S. Army, has been appointed as the first Hindu chaplain at the Georgetown University.
The Georgetown University has appointed its first Hindu priest —a woman — to serve the religious needs of its Hindu students, whose number has increased in recent years.
Pratima Dharm, who recently retired as the first Hindu chaplain in the U.S. Army, has been appointed as the first Hindu chaplain at the Georgetown University, a move welcomed by the Hindu students of this top private research university.
Founded in 1789, it is the oldest Jesuit and Catholic university in the U.S.
Ms. Dharm began her new assignment at Georgetown on October 1, 2014, the university said in a media statement.
Previously she served on Army bases and hospitals around the world, including a yearlong deployment in Iraq.
A native of Mumbai, she came to the United States in March 2001, only months before the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
“War can dehumanise you and I was watching the dehumanisation of my soldiers, so I was fighting to give them a sense of family,” says Ms. Dharm, who began her stint with the Army in 2006.
“Army Ministry has touched me so deeply and it has made me a better chaplain and a better human being,” said Ms. Dharm.
Ms. Dharm will lead the weekly Hindu pujas or prayer services, now attended by about 100 students.
She would also look at programmes that could better Hindu education on campus and work closely with other religious groups on campus.
She said, “For these students, it means a lot to be able to practice their faith away from home, and many of them have travelled from far away to attend this great university.”
“The addition of Chaplain Dharm to the Campus Ministry staff is a big achievement for Georgetown and it will truly aid the university in fulfilling its mission of cura personalis by providing an outlet for students to deepen their understanding of Hinduism and to explore their personal faith connection,” said Smiti Mohan, president of the university’s Hindu Students Association.
Ms. Dharm earned her bachelor’s degree in psychology from Shreemati Nathibai Damodar Thackersey University in Mumbai.
She also holds a master’s degree in psychology from Annamalai University in Tamil Nadu, and a master’s degree in theology from Ashland Seminary, a Christian seminary in Ohio and Michigan.
“The creation of a Hindu chaplaincy is another significant moment in this history,” said Rev. Kevin O’Brien, the vice-president of mission and ministry and others at the university.
Georgetown was the first Catholic university to hire a rabbi to serve as a chaplain in 1968. Three decades later, it became the first American university to hire a Muslim cleric to serve as a full-time chaplain.

On Fire in Business But Frozen in Love Let s Melt That Glacierreddit
I see it all the time: Women doing incredible things in business but settling for mediocre relationships.
When a woman in business mentions to a female colleague about a rift in her relationship, the advice I hear from the choir of really well-meaning women entrepreneurs is usually similar to the following:
- Do some forgiveness work to heal that within yourself;
- Men don't change, you need to get over it; OR
- Someone will share her own personal story about how she left her partner and is so much better off because of it.
Abusive relationships are very real and I am not advocating that anyone stays in a relationship in which you are truly settling for less than you deserve. There are also are times when people really do outgrow each other.
However, far too many relationships end prematurely simply because:
We still don't understand as a culture how to get love right.
We still hear advice to heal stuff on our own, that we're co-dependent if we care, and we need to be strong and independent.
Women hear that "men don't change," and while that's true when we continue to demand that they change in ways that are cryptic, critical at best and assaulting at worst, it's no wonder!
"What's the point of trying to change if I'm just going to get it wrong, anyhow?" he wonders.
She sees him as not caring.
The relationship then is at a standstill.
Frozen.
She looks away and puts her energy into something that gives back to her: Her business. She does great things there, and might even get her emotional needs met to a certain degree by other incredible women in her community. She turns to other women and they tell her they have been there, done that, and that it's time to deal with it on her own or move on.
Your only options are not just mediocrity or divorce.
There is a way out of this deep freeze into a land of something so much better.
In the words of Dr. Sue Johnson, the leader of a new love revolution that is sweeping the globe:
"The strongest among us are those who can reach for others."
"Self-sufficiency is just another word for loneliness."
Trust me, as much as I liked to fool myself I could do it all on my own, I can't.
You can't either. Why? Because, like me, you're human.
More than anyone -- more than your coach or your therapist (says the coach and therapist) -- you need to connect with your partner (and you don't even have to pay him).
You need to powerfully own your own experience and share that in a way with him that is honest, vulnerable and open.
To thaw a deep freeze, you need to kick some issues up and start connecting on them.
Own your unmet needs and talk about them.
I urge you not to look away from them as some of your sisters in business may encourage you to do.
If you wind up hitting a brick wall when you try, that doesn't necessarily mean that your partner is incapable of connecting or that he doesn't care.
It just means you don't know how to connect right now.
Layers upon layers of emotions and walls and a whole lot of other junk is preventing you from reaching each other.
This is not a good enough reason to throw in the towel in your relationship.
If I didn't take care of my car for a few years and then tried to drive it and it wouldn't go, before junking it, I'd have someone look at it and try to help.
There are experts in the area of love who are familiar with the new science behind it and are trained to help you make it run properly.
Check out Sue Johnson's book Love Sense: The Revolutionary New Science of Romantic Relationships to learn more about this new science yourself, and see about getting that engine running again.
Follow Jenev Caddell on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DrJenev
More:

Marketing to Women  or Should I Say Marketing to People With a Female (or Male) Brainreddit
I wrote about marketing to women and feminism in a recent post called " Avoid Gender Washing: Making Sense of Marketing to Women by Understanding the Three Waves of Feminism ." In that post, I argued that marketing moves between the second wave of feminism (i.e., differences between men and women) and the third wave of feminism (i.e., differences between women). Research on differences can range from demographic differences such as race, ethnicity and sexual orientation to different needs women have for which products and services might be a solution.
In this post, I am going to address the gender angle somewhat differently by considering the "male" vs. "female" brain.  Professor Simon Baron-Cohen of Cambridge University (yes, he is related to Sacha Baron Cohen; they're cousins) has done considerable groundbreaking work on the brain, especially in relation to autism.
Using Baron-Cohen's ideas , I want you to imagine a continuum, anchored at one end by an extreme "male" brain and at the other end by an extreme "female" brain. An extreme "male" brain has hyperdeveloped systematizing, whereas an extreme "female" brain has hyperdeveloped empathizing. In between these two extremes is a "male" brain where systematizing is developed more than empathizing, and a "female" brain where empathizing is developed more than systematizing. And in the middle is a "balanced" brain where both characteristics are equal.
Baron-Cohen's ideas are clearly articulated. He defines empathizing and systematizing and then references a range of studies to provide evidence of both. Empathizing, the predominant feature of a "female"-superior brain, is characterized by the following behaviors:
Shares and takes turns.
Engages in less rough-and-tumble play.
Responds empathetically to the distress of others.
Is better able to infer what others are thinking or feeling.
Is more sensitive to facial expressions.
Values altruistic and reciprocal relationships more than those based around power, politics and competition.
Is less likely to exhibit disorderly conduct.
Is less aggressive.
Is less likely to murder.
Is less likely to form hierarchies of dominance, because such hierarchies put one person in as a leader.
Talks using a language style that is more cooperative, reciprocal and collaborative. Disagreement is more likely to occur in the form of a question than an assertion.
Talks more about feelings and emotion than about objects and activities.
Is more likely to hold infants in a face-to-face position and follow through children's chosen topic of play rather than impose their own topic.
Looks longer at faces.
Has better language ability overall.
Systematizing, which characterizes "male"-superior brains, represents a more inductive process -- one of watching, gathering data, considering differences, looking for patterns and then generating rules about how the system works. People who systematize seek to understand and predict the "law-governed inanimate universe"; people who empathize seek to understand and predict the social world.
Other research on brain and behavior considers physiological differences to examine sex differences. A number of studies, for example, have used brain scans as evidence. One study led by Professor Haier at UC Irvine found that women tend to have more white matter, whereas men tend to have more gray matter. White matter represents neural networking, whereas gray matter represents information processing.
Professors Gur, Gur and Verma from the University of Pennsylvania found that men, on average, have stronger connections between the fronts and backs of their brains. This means that men are often better at learning and performing a single task, such as bike riding, and will respond more quickly to what they see. Women, on average, have stronger connections between the left and right sides of their brains and therefore tend to have a superior memory and better social-cognition skills and are better at multitasking.
When I read others' recommendations on how to market to women, what the recommendations really address is how to market to people with a "female" brain. Implicit, then, is an assumption that all women have "female"-superior brains and therefore excel in empathizing (or that all women have significantly more gray matter or notably stronger connections between the left and right hemispheres of the brain).
What these recommendations fail to consider is that some women might engage in equal amounts of empathizing and systematizing, just as some women might excel at systematizing rather than empathizing. The same is true of men in that as some men might excel in empathizing and not in systematizing.
My first recommendation for marketing to women is to determine where your female audience sits on the emphasizing-vs.-systematizing spectrum. Put another way, how dominant is the "female" brain among your target market?
A second recommendation is to take into account the behaviors that a woman might learn as she adapts to the many roles she undertakes. Baron-Cohen writes extensively about how to teach autistic people to empathize. As a professional woman, while I might enjoy caring for others or prefer relationships among my friends that are reciprocal (indicators of empathizing behavior), when I am at work I might read legal documents very carefully or pay close attention to the stock market (indicators of systematizing behavior). As marketers we need to pay attention to the many roles that women take on (e.g., partner, parent, paid employee). As women continue to make strides in education, more women will take on positions of leadership within organizations, and, I argue, women will learn to adapt to a range of situations and environments.
The research by Baron-Cohen, Haier et al., and Gur et al., is important in that it helps us understand how to more effectively market and sell to women. But at the same time, we need to be careful and not assume that all women in all circumstances (or men, for that matter) behave similarly.
Follow Jenny Darroch on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JennyDarroch
More:

How to Stop Limiting Yourself (and Do Big Things Instead)reddit
Today, I want to discuss how to stop limiting yourself. To be honest, you may be doing this without even knowing it. It turns out I was.
I just started an incredibly exciting executive program to take my business and life to the next level. One of the benefits of the program is getting to connect with 200 entrepreneurial women ("my classmates") around the world with the same dreaming big attitude.
The other amazing thing about being a part of this course is that it has four live events in the next year in Miami, Sydney, Paris and Los Angeles.
Anyway, about a month ago, I had an introductory call with one of the directors, and I asked her when the dates for the live events were going to be so I could plan out my year.
I told her that I thought I'd be at all of the events except for Sydney because I didn't think it'd be possible.
She happily gave me the schedule but followed up with, "Well, why don't you wait and see what happens with Sydney? It isn't until February -- you never know what's possible or what you'll want at that time. Don't limit yourself."
In that moment, I felt like I was back in school getting in trouble for not raising my hand. (I was always the very eager child who wanted to answer every question.) I knew she was 100 percent right though and was glad she pointed it out. I was limiting myself and taking myself out of the game.
To be honest, I thought I was done blocking opportunities in my life. After all, I teach my clients not to be self-limiting! It just goes to show that sometimes you are unaware of the ways in which you hold yourself back or don't dream big enough.
And what about you? How often do you think too far in advance or immediately rule something out? How quick are you to lose faith or tell yourself not to get your hopes up? Do you discount job opportunities before you even apply? Do you assume programs or courses won't work for you? Have you given up on your own "Sydney" dream even though it's six months away? Have you forgotten that anything is possible?
In life, our thoughts and words become our reality, and your mind soaks up whatever you focus on -- the good and the bad.
So by me telling myself that Sydney probably won't happen, I'm actually making it more of a reality than if I was open to the dream coming true and in a more positive state of mind. I hope that makes sense. What I'm trying to say is that self-fulfilling prophecy does exist so you need to be aware of your thoughts and words.
So here are five ways to help you make big things happen and stop limiting yourself:
Five Ways to Stop Limiting Yourself
Think in 90-day increments and live in the moment.
Remember that the mind often plans based on what it knows. So, for example, if you've never started a business, then the mind will naturally hold you back because you've never done it before. (Clearly that doesn't mean you shouldn't though!)
Be as positive as you can.
Consider your thoughts and words carefully.
Hold onto the belief that anything is possible, because it is. (If you need to write that on a Post-It and put it on your mirror, then do so!)
I hope it's obvious just how key this is to creating the life you've always imagined. It's crucial actually. So if this something you'd really love some support with, I'd be delighted to help! Book your coaching session today!
Follow Emily Williams on Twitter: www.twitter.com/iheartmylifenow
More:

VTB Capital eyes Roberto Cavalli stakeVTB Capital in talks to acquire Roberto Cavalli
By Kathrin Hille in Moscow and Arash Massoudi in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f050872-4f02-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buyout owners set to pull Spie flotationPrivate equity owners set to abandon Spie flotation
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany and Andrew Bolger in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5df39510-4efc-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Netropolitan/REX / APnetropolitan/rex / ap
Dow spiked on Fed minutes  closed best day of 2014Wednesday,  8 Oct 2014 |  4:09  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Pisani: The Fed's new mandate
CNBC's Bob Pisani discusses today's market activity. Suddenly, the Fed seems to have a new mandate, says Pisani, citing the Minutes' expressed concern over a global slowdown.
U.S. stocks ended about 2 percent higher on Wednesday as markets extended gains on the FOMC minutes and recovered from Tuesday's selloff.
Closing 274.8 points higher, the Dow Jones Industrial Average had its best day since December 18, 2013. The index rose more than 275 points in intraday trade, briefly touching 17,000 and surpassing Tuesday's 273-point loss. The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq had their best day since nearly a year ago on October 10, 2013.
"This is the near-term good news," JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade, said, noting that fixed-income buyers tended towards the short end rather than the long end.
Alcoa posts quarterly results after the bell, kicking off a slew of company earnings and guidance reports expected in the next few weeks.
"I think as we move into the earnings season next week, the markets will focus more and more on what companies are telling us," Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial, said. The "data that is coming out is backward-looking. Companies have more of a kaleidoscope" view.
Stocks had traded flat to modestly higher before surging on the release of the Fed minutes in the early afternoon. The report showed that the Federal Reserve staff cut their growth outlook due to the higher dollar, as a number of committee participants had concerns with global weakness.
"The Fed minutes certainly leave us feeling that they are tiptoeing into the interest hike," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. A "short-term, oversold market has this kind of reaction."
Pisani: Stocks rose going into Fed minutes
How the markets have digested minutes by the Fed, with CNBC's Bob Pisani.
In corporate news, Costco earnings beat expectations on Wednesday, and investors are focusing on guidance during the upcoming earnings season.
From "Alcoa until two weeks from now, when we get into earnings season, the market is going to be extremely volatile," Marc Chaikin of Chaikin Analytics said. He added that October has historically been a month of extreme ups and downs.
Read More This is the 'doomsday' bond market scenario
In the morning, J.C. Penney fell more than 5 percent on its long-term financial outlook. Earlier, the stock was briefly halted due to a volatility circuit breaker.
Apple gained on the official announcement of a 'special event' on October 16. The iPhone maker also said it was surprised at the bankruptcy filing of its sapphire display supplier, GT Advanced Technologies . Activist investor Carl Icahn also promised to send an open letter to CEO Tim Cook on Thursday.
Earlier, low oil prices and a stronger dollar had weighed on energy. The sector was the hardest hit on the S&P 500, with several contract drilling and oil and gas production firms hit new 52-week lows.
"Oil is a key factor here," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital, said. "If oil gets too low, it not only heightens fear of our economy beginning to weaken but it also increases the deflationary aspect of Europe and other parts of the world."
Getty Images
Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
On Tuesday, German industrial output reported a 4 percent decline in August, with the worse-than-expected drop coming a day after the country's industrial orders had their largest monthly decline since the global financial crisis in 2009. The International Monetary Fund also downgraded its global growth forecast for this year and 2015.
U.S. stocks had fallen sharply on Tuesday, extending losses into a second session with the S&P at 8-week lows and the Dow having its worst day since late July, as investors fretted slowing economic growth in Europe and the potential impact on coming third-quarter earnings from U.S. corporations.
Read More Where did the German 'strongman' go?
The Dow Jones Industrial Average recovered from its loss of 272.5 points on Tuesday to close up 274.8 points, or 1.64 percent, at 16,994.22, with Merck leading gains in all blue chips except for DuPont . Visa , 3M , IBM and Goldman Sachs were responsible for about one-third of the day's gains.
The S&P 500 closed up 33.79 points, or 1.75 percent, at 1,968.89, with health care leading gains as all 10 sectors advanced.
The Nasdaq closed up 83.39 points, or 1.90 percent, at 4,468.59.
The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) , widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, fell to trade near 15.
Roughly four stocks advanced for every decliner on the New York Stock Exchange in the close, with an exchange volume of 918.8 million and a composite volume of 4.4 billion, the highest since September 19 and the fifth largest volume day this year.
The 10-year Treasury note yielded 2.32 percent, falling by several basis points after the FOMC minutes. The U.S. dollar edged higher against major world currencies.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, crude oil futures for November delivery lost $1.54 to end at $87.31 a barrel, its lowest close since April 2013. Gold lost $6.40 to settle at $1,206 an ounce.
Symbol

RBI rejig: Raghuram Rajan names 3 new exec directorsComments
Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan on Wednesday announced a restructuring in some of its departments, elevating key senior officials as part of an ongoing revamp programme that aims to widen the central bank’s analytical and research capabilities.
The portfolio reorganisation, which includes promotion of three senior officers as executive directors, is scheduled to be completed by the end of the month, the RBI said in a statement. The reallocation of portfolios will be effective from November 3.
Under the exercise, MD Patra will head the departments of economic and policy research, monetary policy, and communication, while KK Vohra will manage human resources, corporate strategy and budget; G Mahalingam will be in charge of the department of statistics and information management, financial market operations and the international department.
The move is widely seen as part of RBI governor Raghuram Rajan’s efforts to improve the central bank’s research expertise and bring it on par with that of the US Federal Reserve and the UK’s Bank of England.
The reorganisation has focused on portfolio reallocation in departments such as risk monitoring, foreign exchange, financial markets regulation, department of currency management, department of banking regulation and banking supervision.
“RBI’s role and responsibilities have increased and the effort is to align the central bank with the best in the world,” said the treasury head of a private bank.
“Departments have been moved to be in sync with the larger role of monetary policy-making.”
The key focus is on departments such as financial markets regulation, which covers market intelligence and the departments of economic and policy research and monetary policy, which looks after the forecasting and modelling units.
“The RBI has also sent a signal that it plans to take on an enhanced role in effectively forecasting inflation and to draw appropriate plans to address the situation,” said the finance director of a Mumbai-based company.
The RBI board recently approved Rajan’s plan to create the post of a chief operating officer besides that of an additional deputy governor.

Stressed assailant pulled the triggerUpdated: October 9, 2014 02:47 IST
‘Stressed’ assailant pulled the trigger
V. Venkatasubramanian
Tamil Nadu
The CISF head constable, Vijay Prataph Singh, believed to be under workload pressure after his recent transfer from the Narora atomic power plant in Uttar Pradesh to the Kalpakkam facility, ran up to the first floor and began shooting at his colleagues standing in the portico.
The gunshots were heard around 4.30 a.m. at the CISF barracks in Kalpakkam Township, where the CISF men were asked to fall in line for a roll call, the police said. The CISF unit has a 110-strong contingent, providing security to the MAPS complex barely two km away. The accused sprayed 20 bullets at his colleagues.
Vijay Prataph Singh was nabbed and locked up in a room with his hands tied by the other personnel.
The Kalpakkam police have registered a case under Sections 302 (murder) and 307 (attempt to murder) of IPC.

Riding high on the A-listThomas Keller, fast-food chef
In Kill the Messenger , opening 10 October in the US, Renner portrays Gary Webb, the San Jose Mercury News reporter who unravelled a bizarre chapter in unofficial US political involvement in Central America and the drug trade – only to see his own life unravel in the process.
During a promotional swing through New York, Renner sat with BBC Autos to discuss the new project, as well as temperamental British convertibles, resto-modded motorcycles and the primary importance of a free press.
Brett Berk: The political revelations in this movie are quite disruptive, as are their effects of on your character, Gary Webb. How important is it for you that a role has this kind of alignment: a message and a meaty part to play?
(Chuck Zlotnick/Focus Features)
Jeremy Renner: All of those things are very important. I feel like every job has to have a few things there for me to want to go do it, and this one had all of those things, plus it being a true story based on a real guy. It was terrible what happened to him, and it was an important story for me to tell, to push up that hill.
Gary Webb’s career was destroyed in no small part by his peers at the New York Times, the Washington Post, the Los Angeles Times and other publications. Many of these players are still active in journalism. How do you expect them to respond to this movie?
I don’t know; I didn’t make the movie for them. There have been public statements and people backtracking over these last 10 years anyway. So I think that if a really great apology were to come from a newspaper, if they were to say that we wish we had spent more time furthering his story rather than breaking him down as a journalist, maybe that would be a good thing to do. But it’s all capitalism and politics.
The Triumph TR6 convertible that Gary drives in Kill the Messenger seems like a very specific choice. How do you think that vehicle connects with or reflects on the character you portray?
He goes against the grain. It’s not a typical car that you would find in a father with kids – squishing all of them in the back to go to school. He’s kind of loose that way. He was that way with his writing, with his music. Maybe he’s disruptive. He’s an adventurer.
If you could pick out a vehicle that communicates to the world who you really are as a person, what might it be?
I’m a big car guy. I love the look of old cars, but I like modern technology. I love an old Camaro, but I also love four-wheel disc brakes – to be able to stop the car when I need to be able to stop. I love the handling of cars nowadays, versus the screech of an old Chevelle coming around a corner. And I’m a big motorcycle guy. But again, if I’m on two wheels, I want disc brakes, I want modern technology. For example, the Norton Commando was a cool, stylish bike. They just came out with a new one that’s beefier and much more modern, but has the same kind of classic styling of the ‘60s and ‘70s. So that’s coming to me in November or December. That’s a really good representation of who I am: classic styling, modern technology.
Renner at the 2012 Australian premiere of The Bourne Legacy. (Don Arnold/WireImage/Getty)
What’s the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to you in a car?
The only wreck I’ve ever been in wasn’t with another car. It was with a parked utility worker’s flatbed truck. And that’s kind of embarrassing, since I hit a stationary object. But I was in the middle of a country road, and there was just nothing out there. And I came out of a canal bank and this guy was just in the middle of the road, and I just – splat.
Funny enough, the city always wins those scenarios. Even though he was parked in the middle of the road, and there wasn’t even a cone out, he was ‘supposed to be there’. This was when I was very young, 19 or 20. If I’d had any wherewithal, I guess I could have gotten a new car out of the deal, but no. They gave me a hundred bucks – it was an old Eagle, some interim car between another car of mine being broken down. I wasn’t injured, but the car was done.
(Chuck Zlotnick/Focus Features)
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Jennifer Shephard/The Elkhart Tr / ASSOCIATED PRESSjennifer shephard/the elkhart tr / associated press
6 Ways Retailers Can Win Forever Customers This Holiday Seasonreddit
During the holidays, retailers have to do much more than drive down prices to keep customers happy. Although flashy discounts can help drive sales, consumers now expect a top-notch, positive experience paired with their hot deals. And if brand-to-consumer experiences have such a direct impact on spend, being a Grinch in retail can mean losing out to competitors indefinitely. In 2013, 66 percent of consumers switched to a different business due to poor customer service, and 86 percent said they'd actually pay more (up to 25 percent more) for a better experience. There's no room for "bah-humbug" here. Retailers who want to keep their customers coming back for more, must focus on memorable customer experiences that engage and delight.
Here are six ways to secure forever customers this holiday season:
1. Educate your team
As the conductor of the holiday chaos, retail managers and business owners won't have time to address every customer request, question or complaint. As you bring on seasonal staff, it's important to invest in thorough training so employees can handle customer interactions on their own. According to the Global Customer Service Barometer , 75 percent of consumers say they've spent more money with a company based on a history of positive customer services experiences. This doesn't mean just one isolated interaction, but rather a consistent and pleasant stream of feel-good communication. In order to continue that momentum of cheerful tidings, everyone on your team must be aligned. Suggestions include:
Create a document with the most frequently asked questions and anything that could potentially stop a customer from buying.
Set protocols in place so that employees know when to escalate the issue.
Train employees on the company brand, because communication tone and brand principles will be critical in serving up a brand experience that delights, but also builds loyalty with customers.
2. Focus on experience, not time.
It's great to be quick, and in the midst of the mad dash to close sales, speed may seem like your team's top priority. However, according to the Customer Experience Report by RightNow , most customers abandon a brand altogether due to poor quality and rude customer service, citing this 18 percent more often than slow or untimely service. Therefore, your team should be more focused on quality over quantity. Pleasant customer experiences now will generate evangelists who may not only spend more, but who could be your best word-of-mouth advocates moving forward.
3. Craft a mobile-friendly website.
Today, it's hard to predict how and where customers will be shopping for your products. Mobile commerce is increasing as more information is gathered online and purchases are made using mobile devices -- all while waiting in line in store and updating social media statuses. No matter where customers come from, you must create a consistent brand experience across all sales channels by ensuring your website is user-friendly and mobile-optimized. Remember: a faulty "pinch-and-zoom" experience on your website may be just enough to push them to a competitor.
4. Make use of historical customer data
From purchased products to support team interactions, the more you know about customers, the better you'll be able to serve them in the future. Implement systems that will allow you to track important customer data so you can continue to make every future interaction unique. This data can also be used to segment lists of email addresses and send targeted campaigns based on purchases. Get out ahead of the season and launch these systems early so you can maximize customer knowledge now and through 2015.
5. Make gift giving simple
Customers are focused on experience more than ever. Especially during the holiday season, this is a great time to create focused content around product offerings. Assuming the majority of purchases made are gifts, you can publish content around themed gift ideas and help customers select the perfect items for friends and family. This takes the shopping experience to the next level. Your customers will remember you as their helpful personal shopper, which will build trust for your company as their go-to resource and create long-lasting brand advocates.
6. Provide loyalty discounts after the holiday season
The season of giving doesn't have to stop after the holidays are over. According to a study by Stitch Labs, January 2014 sales were 152 percent higher than the previous October . Thank customers who shop before the end of the year with a discount coupon that's valid after the holiday season. Consider validating coupons starting in February or later to keep customers coming back. Don't forget to capture email addresses and send reminders which serve as yet another positive touch point with customers and helps you to continue building a long-lasting relationship.
This is also a great way to clear out dead stock and maximize sales during a potentially slower sales period.
No matter what your sales goals are for the season, just remember the holidays are a chance to make an optimal first impression with new buyers. By creating an experience that is focused on quality over quantity, streamlining communication among your team, implementing tracking systems that provide better customer data, pumping out great content and offering special discounts after the season, you'll be busting right through the New Year with enough holiday cheer to last you through 2015.
More:

Cave discovery suggests art may be much older than wed thoughtBy Rachel Feltman October 8 Follow @rachelfeltman
Babirusa ('deer-pig') and hand stencil. (Kinez Riza)
Several cave paintings in Indonesia have been found to be much older than expected – casting doubt on what we thought we knew about the origins of art. The paintings, located on Sulawesi island in Indonesia several decades ago, may be over 40,000 years old, according to recent dating. That makes them at least as old as (and perhaps even older than) any cave art ever found, researchers reported Wednesday in the journal Nature .
Many hand stencils. (Kinez Riza)
The location is what makes these paintings special: Scientists have found lots of cave paintings and carvings of this age, but only in Europe. These works of art -- 12 human hand stencils and two animal depictions spread throughout seven caves -- represent the first solid evidence that art existed in other places around the world during those early days.
“It was previously thought that western Europe was the centerpiece of a ‘symbolic explosion’ in early human artistic activity, such as cave painting and other forms of image making, around 40,000 years ago,” corresponding author and University of Griffith researcher Maxime Aubert said. But the research by him and his colleagues suggests that the same creativity existed across the globe at the same time.
A "hand stencil" found in one of the caves, considered an example of early art. (Kinez Riza)
In fact, he said, they believe that art probably came during the age of common ancestors. People were carving geometric patterns into stones in Africa 50,000 years ago, he said, so it’s possible that the leap from scratched patterns to cave painting came before humans dispersed to Europe and Asia.
But we can’t know this for sure, as it’s also possible that art emerged independently in different places at the same time. The researchers say they’d need more data to make a conclusion.
There are plenty of other caves across Asia waiting to have their art dated, so it’s possible that future paintings will prove to be as old as these. A big question is whether humans were really the first to make art, co-author and University of Wollongong researcher Adam Brumm said, or if Neanderthals were creative, as well.
“Archaeologists love to say things like ‘ability X is what makes us human,’ but in the case of the origins of art, they are probably right,” Brumm said, “For some reason, only we do art. And one of the biggest questions facing archaeologists is determining when this ability arose in our lineage.”
More from Nature in the video below:
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

But Mommy  the CEO Does That Too! : Three Keys of Emotional Controlreddit
I love it when leaders justify their bad behaviors because "the CEO does it too." His/her title is CEO. They've made it. They can do whatever they want, right or wrong. The reality is that you can't fully be your authentic self until you become CEO, though the percentage of "you" that you can show increases as you climb the ranks. It's just the reality of it so there's no point in arguing there.
Now, this doesn't mean I'm a proponent of emotionally out-of-control CEOs -- though I've worked with my share of them. The problem is that when you're the CEO, you are always under the microscope. Everyone is watching your mood every day you come into the office -- and those moods are magnified 10x. This is normal because of the level of visibility. So, even if you are a pretty even-keeled CEO overall, both your good and your bad days are magnified. It's just the way it is.
So what does all this mean if you are a director, VP, SVP or EVP? As high up as you are, you don't have the same luxury afforded to CEOs. You are still on your way up the corporate ladder. You still have a boss who controls your performance reviews, bonuses and promotions. Your attitude and, perhaps, lack of emotional control will prevent you from getting farther. People will refuse to report to you because you are a "screamer" or bi-polar with your weekly ups and downs. They won't tell you any of this to your face nor will they disclose it in an exit interview so as not to burn bridges -- trust me, I've had plenty of conversations with leaders about this and most refuse to say anything when leaving a company. No one wants to burn bridges. Instead, people will leave and before long there will be no one left to follow you. Do something about it before it's too late.
There is also the flip side of too much emotional control, which turns you into a "robot" with no charisma. A healthy balance of emotional control means you have measured reactions to most things, and every now and then you may decide to amplify your reaction for effect and to make a point.
So what can you do to get control of your emotions?
1. Take care of yourself. We all know that when we don't get enough sleep we are moody and reactive. We see this clearly in children, but for some reason we don't think it applies to us as adults. Airlines tell you to take care of yourself before you try to take care of others -- and with good reason! But unlike in-flight emergencies, you don't need a life or death situation to put this into practice. What "taking care of yourself" means varies for everyone, but the basics usually include sleep, exercise and nutrition.
2. Get it out somewhere. I'm not going to tell you not to have emotions at all. You are entitled to feel the way you do, but you don't need to let the whole world know your inner monologue. Find an outlet to release your emotions in private. Some leaders love to take note pads with them to meetings. Write down your feelings to get it out of your system. At a later time, hit the punching bag in your office or go for a workout. Vent to a trusted colleague if need be.
3. State your emotions. Whether or not you jot down your emotions in your note pad, it's important to state your emotions rather than acting them out. Say, "I'm really frustrated by the conversation because this is the fourth time we are having it. Why do we keep revisiting this?" or, "I'm so annoyed that I'm not getting through to you." When you are even-keeled for the most part, and you use stronger language -- instead of acting-out the emotion and showing your frustration or annoyance -- people hear you.
The bottom line -- don't lead with your emotions. If you do, your message will get jumbled and the only impression you'll leave is that you're out of control. Lead with your position and ideas instead and you'll shine as a leader.
Follow Thuy Sindell on Twitter: www.twitter.com/thuysindell
More:

Ebola drug stock dives when patient diesEbola drug stock dives when patient dies
By: Matt Krantz October 8, 2014 1:44 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Shares of Chimerix (CMRX) are down 9% Wednesday following the death of a person taking the company’s drug to treat an  Ebola infection.
Shares are down $3 a share, or 9%, to $30.20 after officials state Thomas Eric Duncan died after being the first confirmed case of a person with an Ebola in the U.S. Duncan was given Chimerix’ experimental drug brincidofovir to help combat the infection.
Speculators have been trying to find a way to profit from the Ebola outbreak. There is no cure for Ebola to date. So far, the infection has taken the lives of thousands of people in West Africa, which is where the infection is most concentrated. Investors hoped the drug would be a promising way to arrest the rise of the disease. The company on Tuesday said its brincidofovir drug had good results for patients infected with certain respiratory diseases.

The perilous position of what once was Americas favorite storeNot America's favorite anymore.(AP Photo / Damian Dovarganes)
SHARE
John McDuling @jmcduling
October 8, 2014
For decades, Sears, which traces its origins back to 1893, had justifiable claims on being “America’s retail store”.
Amazing what a powerful brand Sears once was. pic.twitter.com/wyIFdhCkPi
— Matt Phillips (@MatthewPhillips) February 14, 2014
Now, the company is fighting for its survival.
“[T]his story is not likely to have a happy ending, and that ending continues to depend on suppliers,” Credit Suisse wrote in a research note to clients this morning.
Shortly thereafter, Bloomberg reported that suppliers apparently are  halting shipments to the struggling merchant, which operates Sears department stores in the US and Canada and also owns the Kmart discount chain. The company subsequently said on its blog that it has “significant financial flexibility to execute our transformation and meet our obligations.”
But Sears has been bleeding cash for years (Credit Suisse estimates it will generate negative operating cash flow of up to $2 billion this year) and concerns about its crippling debt load are mounting.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Sears has been selling off assets to raise funds, but credit analysts think it could run out of cash by 2016  (paywall). The markets seem to be heeding the warning—shares of Sears Holdings, down 38% this year through yesterday, were down 11% in today’s session at midday, bringing the year-to-date decline to 45%.
Share this:

5 Musts Before Hiring a Social Media Specialistreddit
Managing your social media presence is imperative but it's not always easy identifying the skills needed to complete the job. Too often small-to-medium business owners get excited and ready to go full-throttle with their social media efforts only to realize that it's a lot more work on their end than expected. For anyone looking to hire a social media specialist in-house or externally, here's what you need to do before getting started:
1) Educate Yourself
In the same way you spend hours researching marketing strategies or sizing up your competition, you need invest some quality time into learning social media basics. This doesn't mean that you spend countless hours becoming an expert, but you do need to learn your options.
Learn, then guide
To be on par with your social media specialist, you need to know what the heck it is! The specialist's job is to provide you with expertise. They advise you on social media strategy, development, and execution but they aren't there to provide you with consulting for your overall business plan. You know your brand or business best and it's you who needs to be able to give guidance and direction on your social media needs.
Do your homework
Do your research and master what's within the scope of social media. You may learn the definitions are a little blurry, it's these gained discoveries that will allow you to better communicate expectations and objectives with your specialist. Make sure you study the lingo as well: fans, likes, shares, RT, mentions, comments, pins, boards, flipogram, hyperlab, hashtags, twitter chat.
Research and learn checklist:
Social Media Lingo, Channels, and Tools
Difference between writing for Twitter (140 characters) and other channels
Different features of major platforms (Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, etc)
Why Pinterest and Instagram Are Difficult
2) Define Your Goals and Strategy
Before beginning your social media journey, stop and define what your goals are and how you plan to get there. What are you using social media for? Is it awareness, sales, engagement, visits?
Once you define your goals, set your objectives and tactics. And remember, with the ever-changing social scene, meeting your goals isn't as important as having them.
However, posting last-minute or posting just anything is not okay. Lack of planning and doing random acts of marketing (RAMs) and social media (RASMs) will get you nothing. Don't post just anything in effort to avoid "going silent". It's better to have radio silence than dilute the quality of your brand.
"It's alarming how many clients underestimate the strategic and planning process of their social media strategy" shares Thania Guardino, Social Media Manager at Swell Marketing .
Be sure to create a communications plan and calendar. Social should mimic your larger communications plan. Traditional marketing items like promotions, press releases, events, and publicity should be shared across your social channels. You might also want to consider optimizing your social media properties for search engine visibility.
Defined goals, objectives and strategies are essential elements you need to achieve before hiring a social media specialist.
3) Consider The Content
Aside from defined goals, content is the second most important process. Content is the heart of your social media strategy. Consider your tone, audience and the type of content you want to post.
Messaging
Take into account your customer and the role that social plays in their lives. No one goes onto Facebook or Twitter to be sold to. Don't just ask your customers to do,do,do: Like my page! Sign-up! Buy! Subscribe!
Too often, clients come in asking us to post call-to-action messaging without providing their customers value in return. Successful social media provides fans and followers with value--the same way your services or products should.
This means you share valuable content with them: relevant articles, photos, videos, memes, jokes, news, information, giveaways, and discounts. If you want them to buy your XYZ, write for the type of person who would use your product or service. This way, they fall in love with your brand, not just your product. They come back to your page because you're the industry expert,  the funniest or most creative.
Original vs Curated Content
Decide the tone of messaging (funny, serious, witty, sarcastic, fun, etc) and if you are going to post original content, curated content or a mixture of both. For original content, who will create it? If it's curated content, what sources will you pull from and what kind of topics will you share?
If you have a blog, this is the best place to produce original content easily. If you don't have one, get one--fast. While you're at it, find out if your social person writes and decide if this is something you'd like to hire them for too.
Timing
Scheduling and timing is another consideration. How frequently do you want to post to your channels and at what time? The answer to this varies based on your goals, audience and resources (budget and time).
Images
Last but not least, what kind of images are you going to include in your content? Determine if you will source imagery, customize imagery or require your social media specialist to assist.
Companies that do the best dedicate time to producing quality content. Sharing third-party articles and images is good, but writing and creating your own content is better. Nonetheless, resolving these questions before hiring anyone places you in an advantageous position.
4) Understand The Role of Social in Marketing
The most important thing to do before hiring a social media specialist is to understand how social media plays into marketing.
It's a tool
Social media is a communication tool in marketing. It makes you accessible to people: those interested in your product and those that don't know your product. It allows you to create personality behind your brand and foster relationships that may otherwise not cultivated. When used as a proper tool, it generates not only repeat-buyers but customer loyalty.
It's crucial to understand that you can't just depend on social media. You have to integrate it with other components of marketing.
It's like a salesperson
For example, think of the best salesperson you know. They know how to build rapport and trust, but are not always trying to "close the deal". You know that annoying telephone salesman that always calls at the wrong time. Don't be that person. The best sales people understand that business partnerships, clients, and customers are created through branding and relationship building, and on social you have to build relationships by adding value. What are you doing to control the conversation? What value are you contributing to the user's experience on social media?
Do more than share or post
It's the same story with social media. Social media is the salesperson--it's the buzz, it's the hook. Your social media can be fantastic but if your website, product or service isn't up to par, there's only so much your social media expert can do.
Running a contest? Do more than sharing it across your social networks. Integrate it across all your marketing efforts. Place a custom image on your website homepage. Print a flyer and include it in your packaging. Write a blog post about it. Create a custom landing page to support your inbound sales funnel.
For best results, you have a responsibility to ensure you have a proper integrated marketing strategy, which works cohesively among all channels (traditional, digital and social).
5) Come Prepared, or Be Prepared to Listen
Before first meeting with your social media specialist, determine if you're interested in hiring them because you need someone to implement a plan or if you are going to them for a plan.
The best clients are ones who come with a vision and a method for execution, or ones who are meek and completely open to suggestions.
When you meet with your specialist, show up prepared with a game plan or attend with open ears and an open mind. Either way, your specialist will thank you and you'll be starting a solid foundation for not only successful social media and marketing, but a successful business.
Follow Tyler Collins on Twitter: www.twitter.com/OrangeCo_SEO
More:

Dallas Ebola death highlights risks of handling a victims extremely contagious remainsBy Abby Ohlheiser October 8 Follow @abbyohlheiser
A Dallas hospital spokesman said Thomas Eric Duncan, the first Ebola patient diagnosed in the United States, has died. (AP)
Thomas Eric Duncan, the first Ebola patient diagnosed in the United States, died on Wednesday morning in Dallas . Now, for the first time, officials in America will take on the grim and dangerous task of handling the remains of an Ebola victim, a complicated procedure that can be a critical moment in stopping the transmission of the disease.
In a Wednesday statement, the Texas Department of State Health Services said it would follow federal guidelines in handling Duncan's remains. "We will continue to treat Mr. Duncan with dignity and respect, and we're taking great care to make sure there is no additional risk that others could be infected," health commissioner David Lakey said.
Health-care workers who treat Ebola patients and handle the remains those killed by Ebola face a substantial risk of catching the virus themselves if proper procedures are not followed. And the bodies of Ebola victims are even more contagious than living Ebola patients.
"When the person has just died, that is when the body is most contagious," World Health Organization spokesman Tarik Jasarevic told The Post in August . “It's when the virus is overtaking the whole body.”
Complicating that is the fact that late-stage Ebola infections can force blood, vomit and diarrhea from the body; those same fluids can pass the disease from person to person.
In August, shortly after an Ebola-stricken American doctor was repatriated to the United States for treatment, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued a new document: "Guidance for Safe Handling of Human Remains of Ebola Patients in U.S. Hospitals and Mortuaries."
The guidelines warn that  transmission can occur from a victim's remains to a living person through "laceration and puncture with contaminated instruments used during postmortem care, through direct handling of human remains without appropriate personal protective equipment, and through splashes of blood or other body fluids (e.g. urine, saliva, feces) to unprotected mucosa (e.g., eyes, nose, or mouth) which occur during postmortem care."
The CDC says that only workers wearing full protective equipment should handle the remains and recommends a series of procedures designed to keep contact to a minimum. Those include immediately wrapping the body in a plastic shroud, "in a way that prevents contamination of the outside of the shroud." That body must then be placed in two additional sealed bags, which are then decontaminated. That's all before any remains move to a morgue, or to a mortuary.
The guidelines also advise against autopsies and embalming the body, because of the risk of transmission inherent in either procedure. The CDC recommends cremation, or burial in a hermetically sealed casket, without removing the body from the sealed, decontaminated bags.
According to the Texas Department of State Health Services, Duncan's body will be cremated. "The cremation process will kill any virus in the body so the remains can be returned to the family," the department's statement said.
In West Africa, health officials have struggled to keep up with Ebola burials as the epidemic has raged out of control.
At least 3,857 people had died of Ebola in Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea through Sunday, according to the WHO . Earlier this week, several burial teams in Sierra Leone went on strike , saying that the government there had not paid their risk allowance.
Although the teams returned to work Wednesday, burial workers in Liberia are also considering a strike over pay and conditions, the Associated Press reported.
Burials have been problematic throughout the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history: As The Post noted in August , a combination of inadequate infrastructure, logistical issues, conflicts with Western health-care workers and burial traditions has contributed to widespread difficulties in containing the spread of the disease among mourners and those caring for the dead.
The Ebola crisis in Sierra Leone took on a new twist as several burial teams went on strike, raising the risk of more cases. The workers said the government had not paid their risk allowance in full in recent weeks despite the dangers of their work. (Reuters)

FII flows eases in Sept but India stands out |  Inflows to top $25 bnYou are here: Home > Collections > India
FII flows ease in September but India still stands out in EM pack
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 06.42AM IST
(BSE’s Sensex has…)
MUMBAI: The slowdown in foreign institutional investor (FII) flows in September prompted critics to raise red flags over Indian stock market valuations. But optimists may take comfort from the fact that domestic equities continued to attract FII flows in September even as many other emerging markets witnessed outflows.
Brokers are not certain if India can maintain this edge for long as concerns over interest rate hikes in the US may prompt various fund managers to trim exposure to emerging markets like India. India managed to draw FII flows worth $848 million in September while these investors sold in other emerging markets such as Taiwan, South Korea, Indonesia and the Philippines. But the flows into India in September are the lowest since February.
Overseas fund managers justified the continued purchases of Indian stocks on hopes of better prospects. "India is much better off than most of its emerging market peers. We believe that India is now much better protected in absolute and relative terms from the 'great emerging market unwind'," said Jonathan Garner, chief Asia and global emerging market equity strategist at Morgan Stanley.
BSE's Sensex has risen 24% this year, the most among top 10 global markets, sparking concerns that valuations might be stretched. The index is trading about 16.1 times to its one-year forward estimated earnings while China's Shanghai Composite Index is trading at 9.9 times, Brazil's Ibovespa Index 11.8 times and Russia's MICEX 5.1 times.
Some foreign investors are also assessing India on the basis of historical valuations. "Nifty commands 16 times forward price to earnings (P/E) multiple, but this is still a far cry from the almost 18 times multiple after the 2009 elections. Hence, index valuation is not extremely stretched by historical comparison. Foreign investors enter market as long as underlying profit growth is clearly visible and that is there in India," said Hartmut Issel, head chief investment officer-research at UBS.
But the country's share valuations may start becoming a concern once the global market starts worrying about rising rates in the US. Brokers and analysts said investors would then probably look to cut exposure to markets which are expensive.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi plan has SMEs worriedPM Modi plan has SMEs worried
Yamaha s Chennai plant to start from NovemberYamaha s Chennai plant to start from November
The Best College Majors For Landing A JobThe Best College Majors For Landing A Job
Utilities Up as Fears Lift Over Interest Rate Hike -- Utilities...Utilities Up as Fears Lift Over Interest Rate Hike -- Utilities...
Turkey holds security summit as 19 killed in protestsTurkey holds security summit as 19 killed in protests
PRECIOUS-Gold rises nearly 1 percent after Fed minutesPRECIOUS-Gold rises nearly 1 percent after Fed minutes
Indian Angel Network invests undisclosed amount in Tattva SpaIndian Angel Network invests undisclosed amount in Tattva Spa
Govt to examine complaints on Flipkart s mega sale: SitharamanGovt to examine complaints on Flipkart s mega sale: Sitharaman
TCS to announce Q2 results on Oct 16  2014TCS to announce Q2 results on Oct 16  2014
MARKET SNAPSHOT: S&P 500 Records Best Gain In A YearMARKET SNAPSHOT: S&P 500 Records Best Gain In A Year
Flipkart apologises for #BigBillionDay sale messPrint
“We did not live up to the promises we made and for that we are really and truly sorry,” says Flipkart founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: October 7, 2014 8:03 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 8:05 pm
In response to the criticism on social media on Flipkart’s Big Billion Sale day , the e-commerce giant sent an e-mail on Tuesday to its subscribers accepting most of the problems encountered by buyers on Monday’s mega sale. The long mail signed by Flipkart founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal could be summarised by saying, “We did not live up to the promises we made and for that we are really and truly sorry.”
The email from Flipkart accepted all the issues buyers faced on Monday and tried to explain the reasons behind each one of them. Company also mentions that ‘an unprecedented 1.5 million people shopped at Flipkart yesterday’ and it seems that the company was clearly not prepared to manage such high demand.
Apart from products going out-of-stock or other technical issues, Flipkart has tried to ‘manage’ the issue of marked-up prices in its e-email to subscribers, however, it did not provide a proper reason for the price changes, at least.
Excerpts from the e-mail sent by Flipkart to its subscribers and the reasons why things went wrong:
Price Changes: As we were preparing various deals and promotional pricing in the lead up to the sale, the pricing of several products got  changed to their non-discounted rates for a few hours . We realise that this breaks the trust our customers have put in us. We are truly sorry for this and will ensure that this never happens again.
Out-of-stock Issues: We ran out of the stock for many products within a few minutes (and in some cases, seconds) of the sale going live. For example, most of our special deals were sold out as soon as they went live. We had ensured availability, anywhere from hundreds to a few lakh units for various products, but it was nowhere near the actual demand. We promise to plan much better for future promotions and ensure that we minimise the out-of-stock issues.
Cancellations: We had large number of people buying specific products simultaneously. This led to some instances of an order getting over-booked for a product that was sold out just a few seconds ago. We are working round-the-clock to ensure availability of additional units for these products and will do our level best to ensure that we minimise any cancellations.
Website Issues: We realise that the shopping experience for many of you was frustrating due to errors and unavailability of the website at times. We had deployed nearly 5000 servers and had prepared for 20 times the traffic growth – but the volume of traffic at different times of the day was much higher than this. We are continuing to significantly scale up all our back end systems so that we do a much, much better job next time.
The e-mail humbly ends by saying, “Everything that we have achieved at Flipkart is purely on the basis of our customer’s trust and faith.”
After the criticism, this is the least Flipkart could have done.
Are you willing to forgive Flipkart? Share your views at the comment section below.

Dr Reddy s  Sun among 14 cos probed by US Co...Dr Reddy's, Sun Pharma among 14 firms probed by US Congress over drug price
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 08.10PM IST
Tags:
Actavis
("When you see how much the…)
WASHINGTON: India's pharma majors Dr Reddy's and Sun Pharma are among 14 drug makers which are being probed by the US Congress over price escalation of generic drugs.
In letters sent by Elijah E Cummings (Ranking Member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform), and Senator Bernard Sanders, 14 companies have been asked to share "information about the escalating prices they have been charging for generic drugs".
Cummings and Sanders are investigating price increases for drugs used to treat everything from common medical conditions to life-threatening illnesses and to identify measures to help reduce costs for patients, healthcare providers, and hospitals across the country (US), said a statement on the US House of Representatives website.
In their letters, Cummings and Sanders cited data from the Healthcare Supply Chain Association on recent purchases of 10 generic drugs by group purchasing organisations over the past two years.
"When you see how much the prices of these drugs have increased just over the past year, it's staggering, and we want to know why," said Cummings.
"In some cases these outrageous price hikes are preventing patients from getting the drugs they need," he added.
The Members asked the companies to provide information from 2012 to the present, including total gross revenues from sales of the drugs, prices paid for the drugs, factors that contributed to decisions to increase prices, and the identity of company officials responsible for setting drug prices.
Commenting on the price rise of the generic medicines, Sanders, who is Chairman of the Subcommittee on Primary Health and Aging, Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions said: "Generic drugs were meant to help make medications affordable for the millions of Americans who rely on prescriptions to manage their health needs. We've got to get to the bottom of these enormous price increases."
When contacted, a Dr Reddy's spokesperson said: "The company is in the process of responding to the notice and is confident of addressing these queries successfully. It did not initiate any price increasing activity for the products mentioned in the notice."
Sun Pharma spokesperson declined to comment. The other companies which have been asked to share information are Actavis , Apotex Corp , Endo International , Global Pharmaceuticals , Heritage Pharmaceuticals , Lannett Company , Marathon Pharmaceuticals , Mylan , PAR Pharmaceutical , Teva , West-Ward Pharmaceutical and Zydus Pharmaceuticals .
The share prices of Dr Reddy's and Sun Pharma dropped by 4.37 per cent to Rs 2,963.65 per scrip and 4.31 per cent to Rs 800.75 per share respectively on close of day's trade on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Meeting on SEZ  DMIC  NMIZ in PM s Office to...You are here: Home > Collections
Meeting on SEZ, DMIC, NMIZ in Prime Minister's Office tomorrow
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 07.13PM IST
Tags:
Delhi-Mumbai Rail Freight Corridor
(The Prime Minister's Office…)
NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's Office has called a meeting of officials tomorrow to firm up proposals for reviving the beleaguered special economic zones.
Officials in the ministries of finance and commerce and industry will attend the meeting which will also discuss the progress of the industrial corridor and manufacturing zones.
The issues that are expected to figure in the meeting include SEZs, Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) and National Investment and manufacturing Zones (NIMZs), sources said.
The impact of imposition of minimum alternate tax (MAT) and dividend distribution tax (DDT) on SEZs is also likely to be deliberated in the meeting.
The meeting assumes significance as the country's exports and manufacturing are not growing at healthy rates and SEZs can play an important role in boosting both exports and manufacturing besides generating jobs.
A decline in manufacturing output and lower offtake of consumer durables had pulled down industrial production growth to four-month low of 0.5 per cent in July, dashing hopes of recovery.
Continuing the downtrend, export growth slipped to 2.35 per cent to USD 26.95 billion in August, pushing up trade deficit to USD 10.83 billion.
Of the 566 formally approved SEZs, only 185 are in operation.
"Progress in the DMIC and NIMZ project would be discussed in the meeting," a source said.
The Commerce Ministry has already asked its finance counterpart to consider roll back the MAT imposed on SEZs, saying that the levy has suppressed the potential of these zones as a tool to promote exports and generate employment.
The industry too has been complaining that that MAT and the dividend distribution tax (DDT) on SEZs have dented the investor sentiment and also implementation of the scheme. In 2011, government had imposed 18.5 per cent MAT on the book profits of special economic zone developers and units.
The previous government has formulated the National Manufacturing Policy (NMP), which aimed at raising the share of manufacturing to 25 per cent of GDP by 2022 from the current 16 per cent. The NMP envisages setting up of NIMZs, which are industrial townships, benchmarked to the best manufacturing hubs in the world.
NIMZs are conceptualised as integrated industrial townships of at least 50 sq km (5,000 hectares) with state-of- the-art infrastructure.
The government had notified several NIMZs, including one each in Haryana , Uttar Pradesh , Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh; two in Rajasthan and three in Maharashtra.
The DMIC project is aimed at creating mega industrial infrastructure along the Delhi-Mumbai Rail Freight Corridor . Japan is giving financial and technical aid for the project, which is developed on either side of a 1,483-km stretch running across seven states.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Telangana govt to make Hyderabad global sma...global smart city
(He was speaking at the plenary…)
HYDERABAD: Telangana Government has taken upon the task of making Hyderabad a global smart city , state Minister for Panchayat Raj and Information Technology K T Rama Rao said today.
"The new state of Telangana has many challenges and opportunities. We have a big agenda and goals. We are a very urban state with 39 per cent people living in urban areas. We have unique problems and challenges. There is no panacea. We made a fresh beginning and we are confident of solving the problems," Rao said.
He was speaking at the plenary on redefining Urban Agenda - Big Data / Big Challenges at the ongoing XI Metropolis World Congress.
"In spite of the state coming into existence only recently, Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao, has taken upon himself the onerous task of making the capital city of Hyderabad as a global smart city," the minister said.
Referring to the data collected during the Intensive Household Survey - 2014 (held in August), the minister said that the whole data of 3.6 crore population of Telangana was gathered from the village-panchayat level to the metropolitan city of Hyderabad, in just a single day.
"The data will be properly utilised for the allocation of required funds in the coming budget session of the Assembly. The data will also be put to use to remove all sorts of inefficiencies in the governance," he said.
Observing that smart cities should offer smarter citizen services, Rao said, "since challenges before us are manifold, intelligence gained from large volumes of macro data and analysis can help revolutionise Urban Planning and City functioning."
The data will be useful for better revenue administration, for urban-poor inclusion, emergency response and in disaster management, besides (for) citizen-civic engagement, the release quoted the minister as saying.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DrReddy s  Sun among 14 firms probed by US Congress over drug priceDr Reddy's, Sun Pharma among 14 firms probed by US Congress over generic drug price
PTI | Washington | Updated:  Oct 09 2014, 07:57  IST
Oct 09 2014, 07:57  IST
 

Apple plans iPad event on October 16  sends ...Apple plans iPad event on October 16, sends invite
By AFP | 8 Oct, 2014, 10.49PM IST
Apple launched the large-screen iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on September 19 and has rolled the smartphones out to an array of countries.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Apple on Wednesday sent out invitations to an October 16 event expected to spotlight updates to its line of iPad tablet computers.
The gathering is set for an auditorium on Apple's main campus in the Silicon Valley city of Cupertino and comes on the heels of a major launch of large-screen iPhones.
Apple trackers believe that the company will pull back the curtain on thinner iPads with ramped up capabilities including Touch ID fingerprint recognition that could work with mobile wallet software introduced along with iPhone 6 models that recently hit the market.
The iPad event will take place a day before Apple begins selling its latest iPhones in China.
Apple launched the large-screen iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on September 19 and has rolled the smartphones out to an array of countries.
Apple, which popularized tablets with its iPad, remained the largest single global vendor in the second quarter but its market share fell to 26.9 percent from 33 percent last year, as Android makers boosted their share, according to the research firm IDC.

IT stocks plunge as Citi de-rates Infy  two othersIT stocks plunge as Citi de-rates Infy  two others
Brazils election: why Dilma and Acio both lost at homeSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

NRN  Gopalakrishnan bid farewell to Infy | M...You are here: Home > Collections
NR Narayana Murthy, S Gopalakrishnan bid farewell to Infosys
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 08.21PM IST
Tags:
Infosys
(Gopalakrishnan & Narayana…)
BANGALORE: Thirty-three years after starting Infosys, its founders NR Narayana Murthy and S Gopalakrishnan today bade farewell to the over USD 8 billion IT firm with the former saying he has no regrets and the latter emphasising that politics is not his cup of tea.
Seven co-founders, led by Murthy, set up the Bangalore- based firm in 1981. Murthy had the longest run of about 21 years as CEO before passing the baton to Nandan Nilekani and then Gopalakrishnan and S D Shibulal .
Murthy returned to the the over USD 8 billion firm for a second stint as Chairman in June last year after Infosys hit rough waters, falling behind peers like TCS and HCL Technologies. But he left midway following a spate of senior executives leaving the company.
Murthy and Gopalakrishnan stepped down as executive chairman and executive vice chairman, respectively, on June 14. They, however, continue on the board till October 10 as non-executive chairman and non-executive vice chairman, respectively.
Addressing media persons, Murthy said he had no regrets. "I have no regrets at all. Life is about doing certain things and not doing certain things. At the end of the day, it is the sum total of all this....so I have no regrets," Murthy said.
When asked about the high point during his stint, Murthy said it was the listing of Infosys on Nasdaq, the first Indian company to do so.
Murthy will be designated as Chairman Emeritus from October 11.
Gopalakrishnan, or Kris as he is fondly known, said he is not set out for politics.
"In my case, at least at this point, no political ambitions at all. I don't think I am set out for politics," he said when asked if he too will join politics like his former colleagues Nilekani and V Balakrishnan.
He added that he is looking at pursuing two areas, research and entrepreneurship, in the days ahead.
In August this year, Infosys appointed former SAP board member Vishal Sikka as its CEO and Managing Director.
Sikka is the first outsider (and not part of the co-founder's club) to lead the Bangalore-based firm. He took over from Shibulal.
Talking about the transition, Shibulal said it is like any other transition at any other firm. "This is an organisation with very strong values and beliefs. It believes in speed and innovation and I hope they will continue to be preserved."
Sikka has been tasked to steer the firm, which has seen four straight years of narrowing margins. Besides, almost a dozen senior executives have left since last year when co-founder Murthy returned as chairman.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PC Market Still Ailing Despite Gains in US  EuropeKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Many US banks attacked by hackers who hit JPMCSeveral US banks attacked by hackers who hit JPMorgan Chase
By AFP | 9 Oct, 2014, 03.06AM IST
Among the targets in the attacks were Citigroup, Regions Financial Corp, the payroll firm ADP and the online brokerage firm E-Trade, according to the sources.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Several US financial institutions were targeted by the same computer hackers who breached the systems of JPMorgan Chase earlier this year, sources familiar with the matter said Wednesday.
While the location of the hackers was not clear, the sources told AFP that numerous intrusion attempts were made at computer systems at major banks and other institutions.
The disclosures confirm earlier comments from US officials who have said that computer systems of US banks had been under attack from hackers, and that these systems could be considered part of the nation's "critical infrastructure."
Among the targets in the attacks were Citigroup , Regions Financial Corp, the payroll firm ADP and the online brokerage firm E-Trade , according to the sources.
One source said that Citi was aware of the attacks but that the hackers failed to gain access to the banking group's database.
The New York Times reported meanwhile that President Barack Obama and his national security advisers were briefed on the attacks and that officials considered the hypothesis that the source was from Russia, possibly in retaliation for US sanctions over Ukraine.
Regions, a southern-based regional banking group, noticed unusual activity but did not believe any customer data was compromised, a source familiar with the matter said.
ADP said meanwhile its defenses appeared to hold. "Although ADP threat management experts observed Internet-based traffic from those criminals allegedly reported to have recently attacked JPMC, we have not observed any issues associated with such scanning of our defenses," a spokesman said in a statement.
"We will continue to utilize the information provided by members of the cyber intelligence community with regards to the recent JPMC event and will update our cyber defenses as necessary."
JPMorgan Chase said last week that information, including names and addresses for 76 million household customers and seven million businesses, was compromised in a data breach earlier this year.
But the largest US bank said there was no evidence that critical account information such as account numbers, user identities or social security numbers were stolen by the hackers.

DRL  Sun & Cadila arms under US lens for soaring pricesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Wave group forays into housing financeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: US-style monetary policyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Crude oil prices: Its raining goodies nowE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fed minutes reveal slowdown worries | Rate hike linked to economic dataDovish US Federal Reserve minutes reveal global slowdown worries
By AFP | 9 Oct, 2014, 06.51AM IST
Eye on the globe: Hans Goetti's views on global markets
Eye on the globe: Hans Goetti's views on global markets
Federal Reserve officials stressed "patience" in waiting to raise interest rates, worrying about weaker foreign economic growth and the stronger dollar.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Federal Reserve officials stressed "patience" in waiting to raise interest rates, worrying about weaker foreign economic growth and the stronger dollar, minutes of their September policy meeting showed Wednesday.
Participants at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting discussed their concerns about the stronger dollar amid stuttering growth in the eurozone, slowdowns in China and Japan and elevated geopolitical risks.
The greenback in particular had firmed against the euro, the yen and the British pound.
"Some participants expressed concern that the persistent shortfall of economic growth and inflation in the euro area could lead to a further appreciation of the dollar and have adverse effects on the US external sector," the minutes said.
"Several" of them added "that slower economic growth in China or Japan or unanticipated events in the Middle East or Ukraine might pose a similar risk."
There was no mention of the overseas growth or dollar concerns in the FOMC's policy statement on September 17, in which the central bank left its zero interest rate unchanged since late 2008 and took another step toward winding up its massive asset-purchase program known as quantitative easing.
"The minutes appear less hawkish than anticipated, as there was concern about the health of the eurozone economy and the potential impact of an appreciating dollar on both US exports and inflation," said Ryan Sweet of Moody's Analytics.
The FOMC statement repeated the "considerable time" formula for an eventual rate hike after it winds up QE, expected after the October 28-29 meeting, although some officials wanted to drop the language.
According to the minutes, "The concern was raised that the reference to 'considerable time' in the current forward guidance could be misunderstood as a commitment rather than as data dependent."
However, participants noted that the current formulation of the FOMC's outlook "clearly indicated" that the committee's policy decisions were conditional on its ongoing assessment of progress and expected progress toward the central bank's dual mandate of maximum employment and 2.0 per cent inflation.
Some meeting participants saw the current forward guidance as appropriate in terms of risk-management considerations, "which suggested that it would be prudent to err on the side of patience while awaiting further evidence of sustained progress toward the Committee's goals."
In the view of those officials, under current conditions raising rates could have greater downside shocks to the economy, as it makes a modest recovery, than boost it, the minutes said, because "it would be less problematic to remove accommodation quickly, if doing so becomes necessary, than to add accommodation."
Fed Chair Janet Yellen , in a post-FOMC news conference, emphasized that a rate hike would be data-dependent, tamping down her earlier comment that it could come about "six months" after the Fed ends its asset-purchase program.
Markets reacted strongly to the Fed minutes that appeared to suggest a slower-than-anticipated approach to tightening credit. Wall Street stocks soared, with the blue-chip Dow Jones Industrial Average swinging up more than 200 points after scoring only an 80-point gain before they were released.
Barclays analyst Michael Gapen pointed out that the FOMC minutes, in addition to mentioning downside risks, revealed a mainly upbeat US economic outlook.
"We see nothing in the September minutes that leads us to alter our view that the committee will raise rates beginning in June of next year. This remains the case even though the risks to US growth from a weaker global growth outlook or a stronger dollar have risen since the September meeting."
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell Holds News ConferenceWARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
RADAR: Strong Storm Moves Across Midwest and Northeast
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Watch Live as NFL Commissioner Talks Domestic Violence Preventionwatch live as nfl commissioner talks domestic violence prevention
Patient with Ebola symptoms hospitalised in USPatient with Ebola symptoms hospitalised in US
Kris bids adieu to InfosysKris bids adieu to Infosys
Gulf Petrochem to buy up shares of Sah PetroleumGulf Petrochem to buy up shares of Sah Petroleum
Dr Reddy s  Sun Pharma Among 14 Firms Probed by US Congress Over Drug PriceDr Reddy s  Sun Pharma Among 14 Firms Probed by US Congress Over Drug Price
As NR Narayana Murthy  Kris Gopalakrishnan log out  it s end of an era at India s IT bellwetherAs NR Narayana Murthy  Kris Gopalakrishnan log out  it s end of an era at India s IT bellwether
ROBYN BECK / AFP - Getty ImagesThere are lots of music subscription services that let people listen to all the songs they want for $10 a month.
Apple thinks that price is too high.
Sources say Apple is talking to the big music labels about a new set of rights and features it would like to include in a revamped version of the Beats Music service it bought earlier this year. Among the things Apple wants is a new pricing structure that would allow it to sell the service for less than the $10 level it’s at now.
Discussions are in their early stages, sources say, and Apple isn’t planning on overhauling Beats Music until next year. Last month, Apple said a TechCrunch report that the company was planning to “shut down” Beats was not true . But people familiar with the company’s thinking said it might alter the service over time.
Apple spokesman Tom Neumayr declined to comment.
Getting the labels to sign off on a price cut will require some work on Apple’s part. After initially resisting the notion of subscriptions, in part because they worried all-you-can-eat services would cut down on CD and download sales, music executives eventually agreed to let services like Rhapsody, Spotify and most recently Beats offer all-you-can-stream services for $10 a month.
Now download sales are indeed dropping , while revenue from streaming services is picking up. But it’s unclear how much of the download decline should be attributed to subscription services like Spotify and Beats, and how much of it stems from the use of free services like YouTube, Pandora and even Apple’s own iTunes Radio.
Meanwhile, many music industry observers believe there is a limited pool of consumers willing to pay $10 a month to rent music — especially since few people spent that much money on music during the CD era .
Spotify, the world’s biggest on-demand subscription service, says it has more than 10 million paying users. But a recent survey suggested that only 25 percent of music streamers spent more than $10 on music every three months.
Additional reporting by Dawn Chmielewski.

At $1 770  This Hamburger Is a  GlamburgerAt $1,770, this hamburger is a 'Glamburger'
Arjun Kharpal CNBC
Email
A London restaurant has created the world's most expensive burger which  contains bits of gold leaf and caviar, according to a company that tracks record  setting.
Honky Tonk, an American diner-style restaurant, unveiled the £1,100 ($1,770)  "Glamburger", which was verified by Record Setter as a world record.
Chef Chris Large made the burger with Kobe Wagyu beef and New Zealand venison  to create a 280 gram patty seasoned with smoked Himalayan salt. In the middle is  black truffle brie which melts when cooked. 
Lobster poached in Iranian saffron and maple syrup coated streaky bacon also  feature in the bun alongside Beluga caviar and hickory smoked duck egg covered  in gold leaf. The bun is also coated in gold leaf and seasoned with Japanese  matcha and cream mayonnaise.
As if the burger couldn't get any richer, Large added a mango and champagne  jus and grated white truffle. 
"After sourcing the best possible ingredients to create this masterpiece, the  winner will certainly have a dinner to remember," Large said in a press release.
Groupon
Groupon is working with one of its merchants, Honky Tonk restaurant, to create The World’s Most Expensive Burger, the Glamburger.
Honky Tonk partnered with Groupon to create the Glamburger in celebration of  the coupon site selling its five millionth food and drink voucher. One person  will be able to try the burger for free.
While this is the most expensive burger by Record Setters' accounts, Guinness  World Records has an entry that trumps it. In 2000, Oregon-based Juicys Food set  the most expensive burger world record with a $5,000 offering that weighs 352.44  kilograms.
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

How your types of investments reveal your personalityPrint
Do you remember your very first piggy bank? Did your mom put all the loose change lying around in the house in it for you? As adults, our piggy banks aka savings account, mutual funds, insurance, stocks come with different benefits and often risk levels. So what does the shape of your piggy bank say about you?
Fixed-income assets:
As the name suggests, fixed income instruments offer a fixed rate of return. They provide returns through timely payments and paying back the initial amount of investment. These are low-risk assets, capable of providing lower returns than equities. It could also include small savings instruments like postal schemes, Public Provident Fund (PPF) and National Savings Certificates (NSC). If you are predominantly invested in fixed-income assets, you are quite likely a conservative investor looking to save tax and protect your capital. High returns are not your priority.
Put a fixed sum in these options every year to save tax, but do start diversifying slowly into stronger investment options.
Mutual Funds:
A Mutual fund is a kitty created by a financial institution where multiple investors, i.e. people like you and I can put in a fixed amount of money. The institution then uses this total amount to purchase various assets like stocks and bonds and get us better returns on our investments. There are different kinds of mutual funds depending on your investment goals, risks, the kind of assets they invest in, the investment period, and so on. If you prefer to invest in mutual funds, you are a smart yet passive investor. ‘Calculated risks’ is a term you are familiar with and ‘return on investment’ is something you know how to track. It would be good to read about equity and debt mutual funds. Also talk to a financial advisor to choose funds that suit you.
Gold:
If you are an Indian, this four letter word is a favourite. Not only do we love jewellery, it’s also the most preferred shape and colour for our money. Gold is equal to security. It is perceived to be a strong investment option especially since the prices have risen by 400% in the last 10 years. “Gold prices will never fall and even if it does, it will eventually rise again”. This is the belief on which our confidence about investing in gold is built on. If you are willing to take a risk as long as it glitters with gold, you are a conservative investor who distrusts modern financial instruments. Remember, though, in the last two years, the price of gold has fallen after hitting a high of Rs 33,000. While it is still a strong investment option, it is wise to not put all eggs in one jewellery box.
Fixed deposits:
Fixed deposits are a kind of bank accounts, which enable you to keep your money for a fixed amount of time in return for interests. The rate of interest for fixed deposits is higher than that of a savings account. While your savings account could get you 4% to 6% per annum, fixed deposit rates for one year are usually higher at 8% and above. They are considered one of the safest instruments. You are a very conservative investor if you prefer to keep all your money in a fixed deposit. You probably like your money where you can easily access it and your goal is to sustain it rather than grow it. Your appetite for risk is also very low. One word of caution: With inflation staying in double digits, your money may lose value. Hence, you should invest to beat inflation.
Systematic Investment Plan:
This is like an EMI system for investing in various mutual funds. If you have opted for a Systematic Investment Plan (SIP), then you are a disciplined investor with a clear idea of your financial aims. Many brokerages also offer such plans for investing in equities, if you know about these and opt for such plans, you are well-thought investor, determined to capitalize on the long-term growth in the stock markets. That said, you may also have less time to dedicate to research. So, you would rather spread out your investments through market cycles and reduce your risk.
Stock market:
Stock markets allow businesses to raise money for expansion. They offer investors equity shares or debt instruments like debentures in exchange of that money. Equity investing needs a lot of knowledge and research. Not only do you have to get the stock right, but also the timing. It is not easy. If you have still ventured into the stock market and trade stocks, you are an active investor. You closely follow market-related news and developments, and regularly monitor the value of your stocks. The greater the frequency of your trades, especially selling, the more active you are. You are not afraid of taking risks and get more for your rupee. The important thing is to learn how to make the most of the highs and lows of the market. Are you a bull who will take the stock market head on or a bear who likes to ride the lows and make the most of the highs? Either ways, it is important to stay grounded and not hit the panic button when trading in stocks.
Derivatives market:
Today, you can bet on the future value of the stocks in the derivatives market. This is where you trade in futures and options contracts. If you invest in the derivatives market, you are an aggressive investor who knows how the market works and is looking to capitalize on the knowledge. You enjoy the volatility in the market and try to profit from the fluctuations. One word of note: Do not allow someone else to play in the market on your behalf.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

Capital Group raps activist investorsCapital Group raps activists for pushing share buybacks
By Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0e4ca002-4f00-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Citi to shrink bad bank with OneMain IPOCiti to shrink bad bank with OneMain IPO
By Camilla Hall and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d08c476-4ef7-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Can you Really Help Your Fav Charity with Every Purchase You Make on a Prepaid or Affinity Debit Cardreddit
For some, swiping a debit card in a checkout line is more than just a way to pay for something.  It's an act of personal expression and a way to show the world (or at least the cashier) what's most important to them.
So-called "affinity debit cards" are issued by a company or bank and customized to fit a wide variety of consumer interests. They display logos and pictures of everything from sports teams to teddy bears and are marketed as a way for users to associate with something they care about.
Card.com, a mobile alternative to traditional branch banking, provides thousands of options for consumers interested in affinity prepaid debit cards. Recent additions include Sesame Street, Walking Dead, Garfield, Care Bears, Star Trek and the National Autism Association. Consumers can choose cards they identify with, load money onto the cards, and use them anywhere Visa debit cards are accepted.
"Card.com has figured out a way to make financial services accessible and fun using affinity cards," said Ben Katz, CEO and co-founder of the website. "Each card becomes a personalized way of banking for our card members."
Card Benefits for Charities
Many of these affinity cards also reap benefits for charities and nonprofits. For example, Card.com has several autism-related card designs and makes a monthly donation to the National Autism Association for every active card. According to Wendy Fournier with the National Autism Association , these proceeds help provide therapy grants for families, provide safety toolkits for children at risk for wandering, and provide iPads with communication software for minimally verbal individuals.
Another recent nonprofit campaign that joined Card.com was associated with the Paralyzed Veterans of America . The company donated money to benefit paralyzed veterans for every new card sign up during the month of November. They used Popeye, Olive Oyl and Beetle Bailey cards to promote the campaign.
From February 2012 to May 2015, Bank of America is guaranteeing to Susan G. Komen® $1.0 million in conjunction with its Pink Ribbon Banking credit card and checking program (includes a branded debit card). Susan G. Komen has received more than $5.0 million from Bank of America from the credit card and checking account programs since 2009.
Higher Fees and Other Considerations
A large number of other companies also produce affinity cards, along with many banks, including Arvest and Bank of America. These bank-issued cards, though, are usually tied to a consumer's bank account, as opposed to the prepaid reloadable products from Card.com. For many, the upside of using prepaid cards is that there is usually no credit check, no overdraft fees and more design options.
However, prepaid cards often have higher fees, including monthly maintenance fees, ATM cash withdrawal and balance inquiry charges, and fees for obtaining paper statements. Card.com charges a monthly maintenance fee of $5.95, but the fee is waived when you load at least $800 onto the card in the prior thirty (30) days via direct deposit.
Linda Sherry, Director of National Priorities for Consumer-Action.org , said that she generally recommends that people use a traditional debit card linked to a bank account. However, she understands there are certain instances and certain people for whom a prepaid card is the best option. Some people, she explained, are locked out of the banking system due to past credit issues. For them, a prepaid card could be the solution. Others, she said, may consider prepaid cards because they don't want to travel with cards linked to their bank account or because they want cards they can use to teach their kids good financial habits.
Being a Savvy Spender and Giver
The bottom line, she said, is that people should not be fooled into getting a card "just because it has a puppy on it" (or any other customized design). "That has nothing to do with a card, if a card is good or not," she said. "If you find [a card] that you're attracted to, I would look closely at the fee schedule." She recommended finding a prepaid card that could utilize direct deposit from an employer, which would help avoid large money-loading fees.
Only after closely examining a fee schedule should a consumer decide if the potential drawbacks of an affinity prepaid debit card are worth a nice design or benefits to a favored charity. The upside of using a prepaid card is that you won't rack up credit card debt while supporting a charity like you can with an affinity credit card program (not surprisingly, credit card programs do tend to give higher rebates to charities than debit card programs). :)
Curtis Arnold, a nationally recognized consumer advocate, is the founder of BestPrepaidDebitCards.com , which provides ratings of prepaid cards and secured credit cards. He also founded CardRatings.com almost 20 years ago.
Follow Curtis Arnold on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CurtisArnold
More:

Taxman trains gun on Uber  says company liable for service taxTax authorities say Uber liable for service tax, seek information from India subsidiary
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 08.14AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(“All payments on the Uber…)
NEW DELHI: Uber, the taxi app that became popular in India by offering luxury car rides for a little more than the regular fare, could run into trouble with India's service tax authorities in the first such inquiry against a foreign service provider in the ecommerce space. This comes shortly after the company was recently forced to fall in line by the Reserve Bank of India , which insisted that it couldn't sidestep credit card security norms.
"We believe the company is liable for service tax since it is delivering a taxable service," a service tax department official in Mumbai who's aware of the development told ET. "We have sought details from Uber's Indian arm." Service tax authorities have sought information from Uber's India subsidiary, which provides systems support to the company, over non-payment of the levy.
The company said it was in compliance with local laws and paid taxes in all countries in which it was present. "Uber complies with all applicable tax laws, and pays the relevant tax in every territory it operates in," a company spokesperson said in an email. "Across 10 cities in India, Uber employs many local employees, in addition to empowering thousands of driver partners to become small business owners, earning a good living through the Uber platform."
Uber BV has no India office
"All payments on the Uber system are cashless and fully traceable in an industry that has been notoriously cashbased for years," the spokesperson addded.
In India, all services attract tax at the rate of 12% unless it's included in a negative list or specifically exempted by the government. Taxi services are not in the list and are therefore liable to pay.
Uber users register their credit card details with the company, which uses that to charge for rides. Cab drivers and owners enter into tie-ups with Uber, for which the company charges a 20% commission. The company has an Indian entity — Uber India Systems Pvt Ltd -- but it operates in the country through Netherlandsbased Uber BV . Service tax authorities say it's the first time they are dealing with a case in which an overseas mobile application is providing services used by Indians.
Uber doesn't have an India office or a representative in the country, which makes the task of tax authorities difficult, they said. "We have recorded a statement of officials from the Indian entity," said the official. Though the investigation is currently restricted to Mumbai, the department is looking to expand this to places where the company has a presence. Rival cab service providers pay service tax and thus tax authorities do not see any reason for Uber not to do so. Service tax is liable only on revenue above Rs 10 lakh and an individual cab driver may not attract tax if turnover is lower than the threshold. But in the case of Uber, the tax authorities are going to take into account combined turnover.
Globally, the taxation of e-commerce companies is under intense focus as they overturn traditional models of doing business. The OECD and the G20 have begun discussions on how countries should tackle taxation in the e-commerce space that poses fresh challenges to tax authorities as companies avoid tax by operating through multiple jurisdictions.
The US company gained customers after it offered high-end cars such as Audis and BMWs to users. Rides are paid for by card without the need for two-factor authentication, which requires users to key in a PIN.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://nym.ag/ZRosbjShare
Photo: Comedy Central
This Sunday marks Chuck Todd’s one-month anniversary in the anchor chair at Meet the Press. Despite an opening-week ratings spike from his exclusive sit-down interview with President Obama, the Todd-helmed show has settled back into third place behind ABC's This Week and CBS's Face the Nation. This has been frustrating to NBC News executives, who at one point had considered going in a radically different direction with the show.
Before choosing Todd, NBC News president Deborah Turness held negotiations with Jon Stewart about hosting Meet the Press, according to three senior television sources with knowledge of the talks. One source explained that NBC was prepared to offer Stewart virtually “anything" to bring him over. "They were ready to back the Brink's truck up," the source said. A spokesperson for NBC declined to comment. James Dixon, Stewart's agent, did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
It makes sense that NBC would make a run at Stewart. The comedian-cum-media-critic possesses something that broadcast executives covet: a loyal, young audience. And it's not the first time NBC tried recruiting him. According to sources, NBC Entertainment courted Stewart several years ago for a 10 p.m. variety show (the slot ultimately went to Jay Leno). This April, CBS announced Stewart's Comedy Central colleague Stephen Colbert will replace David Letterman next year.
Though not a traditional journalist, Stewart can be a devastatingly effective interrogator, and his Meet the Press might have made a worthy successor to Tim Russert’s no-bullshit interviews. During the home stretch of the 2012 campaign, Stewart grilled Obama for his wan presidential debate performance, asking: "Do you feel you have a stronger affirmative case for a second Barack Obama presidency or a stronger negative case for a Romney presidency?” And last October, Stewart's clinical dissection of HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius laid bare the disaster of the Obamacare rollout, from which Sebelius never recovered.
Perhaps NBC executives were hoping Stewart’s sabbatical from The Daily Show to direct his first feature film last year indicated a certain restlessness they could capitalize on. Alas, they were unsuccessful. Stewart, whose Comedy Central contract extends through next year, declined NBC’s aggressive courtship. He probably recognized that much of his audience wouldn’t rush to turn on their televisions early on a Sunday morning. As Todd told a reporter last month , it’s a tough time slot for the young folks: “Are they rejecting the brand or are they just not getting up?"Â 
Tags:

CNBC.com hot list: Icahn s letter to Tim Cookcnbc.com hot list: icahn s letter to tim cook
HTC launches RE action camera  HTC Desire EYE with two 13-MPclickersPrint
The RE is a new product category for HTC
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New York | Posted: October 9, 2014 2:50 am | Updated: October 9, 2014 8:34 pm
Don’t be surprised if HTC starts calling itself a camera company. Following up on the success of its One M8 and Desire 816 phones which are considered by many as the best smartphone cameras around, the company from Taiwan has announced a small handheld camera called the RE with a 16MP CMOS sensor and a new HTC Desire EYE smartphone with 13MP front and rear cameras.
The RE is a new product category for HTC with the small smoking pipe-like camera coming with the ability to record Full HD (1080p) videos with time lapse and slow motion. The camera will have 146 degree wide-angle lens and will comperte with the like of the GoPro Hero 4 which has just hit the market. The camera will come with a remote viewfinder app so that you can control it from a smart device. The RE is priced $199 in the US.
The HTC Desire EYE on the other hand pushes smartphone photography to a whole new level by giving similar cameras in the front and the rear for the same time. The camera will be a huge plus for the selfie culture that is engulfing smartphone users all over the world. With BSI sensors the cameras on the phone will be good for low-light photos.
The waterproof phone will have a 5.2-inch Full HD display and will be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor.
The company also announced that it is taking the EYE experience with Split Capture and Face Tracking to its HTC One M8 in the near future in the form of a software upgrade. Other top-end phones will get the update gradually.
The devices will be coming to India soon and local prices will be announced then.
 

Wall Street has best day since 2013 after Fed minutesWall Street has best day since 2013 after Fed minutes
SFIS may be widened for tax sops to exportersGovernment may widen SFIS scope to enable exporters trade tax incentives
Dilasha Seth, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 04.13AM IST
Tags:
China
(The incentives are in the…)
NEW DELHI: The government is likely to expand the scope of Served from India Scheme (SFIS) by allowing exporters to trade the tax incentives earned by them in a bid to spur services exports.
The incentives are in the form of duty credit scrips that can be used to pay the customs duty on input imports of capital goods or consumables.
If the incentives are made tradable, exporters from sectors such as education, healthcare, healthcare, consultancy and real estate that do not import much will be able to sell them in
"We are trying to broaden the scope of SFIS. The issue is that most sectors are not able to utilise the scheme as there are many conditions attached. Therefore they should be allowed to sell it in the market. It will be a great relief for the exporters," said a government official.
The five-year foreign trade policy is set to be announced in the next two weeks, with the government likely to set an export target of $650-700 billion by 2019.
At present, duty credit scrips equivalent to 10 per cent of free foreign exchange earned are issued on actual user basis. "Mainly hotels and tour operators take advantage of the scheme right now. But what about the rest? Efforts are on from our side to allow exporters to give it to someone else," said the official, who did not wish to be named. The government will also make SFIS scrips adjustable against 12 per cent service tax, besides increasing the overall amount of the scheme.
India's services exports stand at about $145 billion, half of the merchandise exports of over $300 billion. The revenue outgo under SFIS was Rs 1,000 crore in 2013-14. Once the scrips become tradeable, the outgo will expand tremendously.
To avoid that, the government will limit the scheme to a few sectors. "The move will give a leg up to the services exports. Since the scheme can only be used for capital goods imports and consumables, it has a very limited scope," said Ajay Sahai, director general and CEO of the Federation of Indian Export Organisations (FIEO).
The government may also prune the existing promotional schemes for merchandise exports like 'focus products' and 'focus market', while giving a big push to branding initiatives. "We will be targeting only specific markets, which will improve India's competitiveness where it is required, resulting in higher shipments," said the official.
The share of exports to focus market countries in total exports rose from 6.72 per cent in 2009-10 to 8.32 per cent in 2012-13, as per a study by FIEO . India's share in China's imports fell from 1.02 per cent to 0.74 per cent between 2005 and 2012. However, the country's share in top importing nations of $100 billion and above grew marginally from 1.33 per cent to 1.49 per cent between 2009-10 and 2012-13, according to FIEO.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsofts India revenue doubles; PAT at Rs 96.85 croreMicrosofts India revenue doubles; PAT at Rs 96.85 crore
Infosys bids adieu to its foundersInfosys bids adieu to its founders
Rating blow to Infy scripRating blow to Infy scrip
Yahoo to trim India headcountUpdated: October 8, 2014 13:03 IST
Yahoo to trim India headcount
Pradeesh Chandran
The Hindu A view of Yahoo office in Bangalore. File photo: G.R.N. Somashekar
TOPICS
world wide web
U.S.-based Internet company Yahoo is planning to lay-off around 250 to 400 of its Indian workforce. According to sources, it initiated the lay-off process on Tuesday. At present, the company employs around 2,000 people in the India R&D centre.
An official spokesperson, refusing to confirm the exact number of people to be laid off, said the Bangalore office would continue to function.
An official statement from Yahoo said, “As we ensure that Yahoo is on a path of sustainable growth, we’re looking at ways to achieve greater efficiency, collaboration and innovation across our business. To this effect, we’re making some changes to the way we operate in Bangalore, leading to consolidation of certain teams into fewer offices. Yahoo will continue to have a presence in India, and Bangalore remains an important office.”
BrandSigma CEO Sharad Sharma said the developments in Yahoo must be seen in the context of R&D divisions of many MNCs moving to their headquarters. “There is a slow deflation of MNC R&D in India, and this can be seen in that context,” he said.
Yahoo, once the top-ranking web portal, has been facing stiff competition from Google and Facebook. The latest development is being seen in line with CEO Marissa Mayer’s efforts to turn around the company.It is understood that, as part of the consolidation initiated by Ms. Mayer, the India R&D centre will be shifted to the U.S., while the India office will concentrate on operations. Sources said some senior employees in India had already sounded out to shift.
The Yahoo India R&D facility was set up around 13 years ago to focus on the emerging markets and to develop solutions for the global markets. According to the company’s earlier media statement, the India centre had delivered more than 20 products across the company’s media, technology and platform portfolio. Some of them are Yahoo! Cricket, omg!, Yahoo! Video, Polyads and Predict among others.
During September Yahoo acquired Bookpadfor around Rs.90 crore.

Women at the top struggle for fundingWomen at the top struggle for funding
By Jillian Eugenios   @jillianeugenios October 8, 2014: 3:32 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
When the recession hit, Jena Gardner was worried. Her business focused on luxury travel destinations in the U.S., and that sector was getting hit especially hard.
"During the recession, it was hard times. I put some of my own personal capital into the company, which I have not paid myself back with," she said. "I invested when I think a lot of people were hunkering down."
Gardner invested about $200,000 of her own money, and saw many existing options, like a line of credit at the bank, dry up with the recession.
"Access to capital is really hard for women-owned businesses," she said.
She's right. A study released Wednesday by the Women Presidents' Organization, a nonprofit for high-level women entrepreneurs, showed that 33% of women reported using their own money to start their businesses, with less than 1% saying they received venture capital or angel investing.
Access to capital is one of the biggest differences between men and women in business. A 2012 study by the National Women's Business Council found that, on average, men start their businesses with nearly twice as much capital as women, and women receive only 2% of their total funding from outside sources, compared to 18% for men.
"The networks that are established by their male counterparts don't always include the opportunity for women to participate," said Dr. Marsha Firestone, founder of the WPO. "I don't say that in terms of being critical of men. That's just the way the networks work."
Wall Street still hires mostly white men
But, she said, women are still starting businesses en masse. "It's amazing to me that they're able to find their way around the roadblocks in the marketplace and start their businesses."
One member of the WPO, June Ressler, started her company in her kitchen in 1996 with her own savings of $75,000.
"I wasn't thinking much about investors," she said. "I didn't think it was going to amount to much."
Last year, her business was named one of the top 50 fastest-growing women-owned companies in America by the Women Presidents' Organization.
Her business, Cenergy International Services, which provides logistical support for the oil and gas industry, was recently ranked the largest women-owned business in Houston, with 147 local employees and local revenue of $260 million.
"I'm definitely confident moving forward in the future," Ressler said. "The energy industry is really hot."
Women have trouble asking for money -- and their businesses suffer
Her optimism is shared by the survey respondents.
"Last year, maybe 50% of our members were uncomfortable with the direction of the economy," said Firestone. Now, only 7.6% see economic conditions as a threat to their bottom line. Nearly half said they'd added employees, and more than of quarter of their businesses have grown by 25% or more in 2014.
"There's been an unbelievable change for the better and we're very pleased about that," Firestone said.
First Published: October 8, 2014: 3:32 PM ET
Most Popular

Why Marvel Studios doesn t own Spider-ManWhy Marvel Studios doesn't own Spider-Man
By Frank Pallotta   @frankpallotta October 8, 2014: 6:45 PM ET
Spider-Man is one of Marvel's biggest brands, so why does Sony Pictures own the rights?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
This news had fans speculate that the web-slinger may be on his way to Marvel Studios's cinematic universe, which has produced big blockbusters, such as "The Avengers" and "Guardians of the Galaxy."
Yet, the too good to be true rumors seem to be exactly that.
"Why would the company even think of selling the character that is among its most reliable earners? Answer: it would not," wrote Slashfilm's Russ Fischer . "You might want to see Marvel Studios produce an 'Avengers 2' that features Spider-Man, but it ain't happening."
While the latest film in the series, 2014's "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" struggled domestically, it brought in $708 million worldwide, showcasing its global profitability as a franchise for Sony.
And since Sony is in need of more big-screen franchises , it makes very little sense to share Spidey.
Yet, how did Sony get one of Marvel's biggest brands in the first place?
The first thread of that web begins in the mid-eighties.
In 1985, superhero movies weren't considered solid box office bets as they are today, so even though Spider-Man was incredibly popular most studios passed on making a film on him.
"When Marvel put the feature film rights up for sale in 1985, there were few takers," wrote Michael A. Hiltzik for the LA Times in 2002 . "Hollywood was bored with superheroes. The Superman franchise, launched to huge success in 1979, appeared to have suffered premature arteriosclerosis with the release of the dreary 'Superman III' in 1983."
Eventually a small studio, Cannon Films, bought Spider-Man's film rights and tried to produce a film based on the comic.
However, Cannon Films went bankrupt and the character changed hands several times.
Litigation over ownership kept the wall-crawler off the screen and in court for years.
It wasn't until 1999 when Marvel finally reclaimed the film rights, which it then sold to Sony Pictures for a reported $7 million .
In 2002, Peter Parker and his alter-ego finally hit the big screen.
The Sony-owned Columbia Picture's "Spider-Man" became a huge blockbuster raking in $114 million in its opening weekend (a record at the time) and grossing $821 million worldwide . It also arguably revitalized the superhero film genre we see today.
Related: Why Hollywood's dismal summer won't matter
Marvel too waded into the game and started to release it's own films with "Iron Man" in 2008.
In 2009, Disney ( DIS ) bought the company and both have utilized the genre to great critical and box office success ( $4.5 billion worldwide since 2012) all without your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man.
"Clearly we would prefer everything be at home, so to speak," Marvel Studios chief Kevin Feige told Wired in 2012 . "But we are more than comfortable with the way things stand now, because it worked out pretty well, right?"
Marvel Studios declined to comment and Sony Pictures did not return calls for comment.
First Published: October 8, 2014: 4:50 PM ET
Most Popular

http://usat.ly/1ndggMTEMAIL
AP
Alcoa (AA) just reported a monster quarter. Investors think it’s the first roar in an earnings season that could kick off the best profit streak since 2010.
The aluminum company, kicked out of the Dow Jones industry average last year, crushed earnings expectations by reporting adjusted earnings of 31 cents a share. That blew away estimates by a staggering 41%.
But it’s not just about Alcoa. If Alcoa kicks off a period of big earnings surprises - and earnings come in at 10% or higher — it could kick off a historic moment. It would be the first time Standard & Poor’s 500 earnings growth by 10% or higher for two straight quarters since the recovery in 2010 and 2011, S&P Capital IQ says.
Investors hope Alcoa’s huge upside surprise going to be the norm and shake off what’s been a period of good, but not outstanding earnings growth. Earnings have been growing in the low to mid-single digit percentage rates between the first quarter of 2012 and the first quarter of 2014, says Michael Thompson, managing director at S&P Capital IQ in a note to clients.
And it was looking like the third quarter would be another middling quarter. Analysts have been stamping down their expectations for third-quarter earnings — and are now sitting at an underwhelming 6.5%. But if more companies “pull and Alcoa,” that could mean investors can expect a return to the glory days of double-digit percentage growth in earnings.
It’s important to note the S&P Capital IQ’s earnings growth figures differ from those of other data providers, including S&P Dow Jones Indices. S&P Capital IQ’s figures are based on adjusting earnings to match the expectations of analysts. S&P Dow Jones Indices shows that earnings grew by back-to-back double digits in the fourth and the third quarter of 2013.
But no matter how you count the earnings, a return to double-digit growth is certainly welcome.  And Alcoa’s beat might show that earnings growth isn’t what’s too low — but analysts’ expectations.

U.S. Air Force moving X-37B spaceplanes to former shuttle hangarsU.S. Air Force moving X-37B spaceplanes to former shuttle hangars
India s medallists at the 2014 Asian GamesEYE BROWSE
India's medallists at the 2014 Asian Games
India ended the 17th Asian Games with 57 medals to finish in eighth place. China topped the standings with 343 medals, including a whopping 151 golds.
India won 11 gold, 10 silver and 36 bronze but failed to emulate their 2010 exploits at Guangzhou, where they won 65 medals - 14 gold, 17 silver and 34 bronze.
GOLD - Mary Kom (Boxing - Women's 51 kg)
M.C. Mary Kom of India celebrates after winning the Womens Flyweight Final on day twelve of the 2014 Asian Games at Seonhak Gymnasium on October 1, 2014 in ... more 
GOLD - Mary Kom (Boxing - Women's 51 kg)
M.C. Mary Kom of India celebrates after winning the Womens Flyweight Final on day twelve of the 2014 Asian Games at Seonhak Gymnasium on October 1, 2014 in Incheon, South Korea. (Photo by Chung Sung-Jun/Getty Images) less 
1 / 30
Yahoo India | Photo by Getty Images
Mon 6 Oct, 2014 2:30 PM IST

Fund houses hike exit load to retain investorsFund houses hike exit load to retain investors
U.S. Fed frets over strong dollar  global woes: minutesU.S. Fed frets over strong dollar  global woes: minutes
Nokia employees mull legal actionNokia employees mull legal action
Hong Kong marks National Day with protestsHong Kong marks National Day with protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83f90ad2-48bd-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New York Times Editorial Board Backs Marijuana Initiativesreddit
The New York Times editorial board continued its endorsement for the legalization of marijuana on Sunday with a new push for its recreational use around the country.
The Times argued that Alaska, Oregon and the District of Columbia should follow suit and pass initiatives to legalize the recreational use of marijuana. In 2012, Colorado became the first state to cease prohibition of marijuana .
The Times called on Alaska, Oregon and the D.C. to take action on their own, asserting that Congress may never come around to repealing the ban.
"Decades of arresting people for buying, selling and using marijuana have hurt more than helped society, and minority communities have been disproportionately affected by the harsh criminal penalties of prohibition," the editorial board wrote. "Since Alaska, Oregon and the District of Columbia already allow medical marijuana, taking the next step makes good sense."
The renewed push is part of the Times' six-part series to end the prohibition and criminalization of marijuana by bringing a "national approach" to the legalization of the drug.
The Times has been criticized before for their efforts by the Office of National Drug Control Policy staff, who said that the work of the editorial board "ignores the science" and "fails to address public health problems" of marijuana legalization. The board fired back at such opponents Sunday, arguing that more widespread usage could actually bring increased revenue to states and lead to safer drug consumption. They pointed again to Colorado as an example of how legalization does not end in disaster:
"The sky over Colorado has not fallen, and prohibition has proved to be a complete failure," the board wrote. "It’s time to bring the marijuana market out into the open and end the injustice of arrests and convictions that have devastated communities."
Read the full post here .
More:

This Is Why Live TV Weather Reports Are Still The Bestreddit
Regardless of how many new weather websites, apps and other devices are out there now, there's still something about live TV weather reporting that you can't get anywhere else.
Take, for example, an amazing moment from Oklahoma's KFOR. The meteorologist's microphone breaks, and he comes up with a crafty solution:
Now THAT'S what we call thinking on the spot.

A fragile arrangementThere are concerns among Abdullah’s supporters that he may be reduced to a mere figurehead or that Ghani, as president, could still seek to extend his powers.
Posted: October 8, 2014 4:35 am
By: Aryaman Bhatnagar
With Ashraf Ghani sworn in as the new president, Afghanistan can finally move on from what has been an exceptionally long electoral process. As the new government settles in, its ability to deal with the challenges before it will depend to a large extent on how it manages its relations with a variety of actors. While reviving the peace process with the Taliban and seeking better relations with neighbouring countries are likely to be among Kabul’s top priorities, keeping the national unity government together may prove to be as daunting a task.
According to the new arrangement, the losing candidate, Abdullah Abdullah, is accommodated in the government as chief executive. This lies at the core of the agreement between the two leaders. But this is not a system that has been in the making over the last few years. It was created to break the recent political deadlock. It does not even have any legal or constitutional backing at the moment. As such, its durability depends largely on the “the commitment of both sides to partnership, collegiality, collaboration”.
There are concerns among Abdullah’s supporters that he may be reduced to a mere figurehead or that Ghani, who, as president, remains the most powerful person in the country, could still seek to extend his powers. There is always the danger that if Ghani makes any attempt to assert himself or if Abdullah’s team feels that Ghani is deviating from the terms of the agreement, it could provoke an adverse reaction.
How well the two leaders manage to control their respective support bases will also be crucial for the smooth functioning of the government. During the election campaign, both leaders had made promises to a number of regional powerbrokers in order to secure their support. With government positions now shared between both parties, it remains to be seen how factions that feel short-changed or completely excluded from the promised benefits will react.
The new government has also inherited a peace dialogue with the Taliban, which can be described, at best, as a stop-start process. The Afghan High Peace Council, the body entrusted with the task of leading this process, recently admitted that it has been a failure. The Taliban’s denouncement of the two leaders as “the new US employees for the Kabul administration” suggests that Ghani and Abdullah may find it as difficult to reach out to it as their predecessor did.
Besides the Taliban’s public stance of not wanting to talk directly with leaders it views as American stooges, the persistence of its military threat also places the government on the back foot. The last two years have been extremely violent continued…

Arithmetic  not love jihadAmit Shah, has been the recipient of unsolicited and incessant sermonising from pundits of civil society about the reasons for the BJP’s lacklustre performance in the recent by-elections.
Written by Praveen Chakravarty | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:58 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 8:40 am
Alteration in the electoral landscape had a larger impact on BJP’s UP bypoll performance than its Hindutva campaign.
Over the last few weeks, the newly anointed BJP president, Amit Shah, has been the recipient of unsolicited and incessant sermonising from pundits of civil society about the reasons for the BJP’s lacklustre performance in the recent by-elections. There is unprecedented unanimity among political observers that the BJP’s straying from the theme of development in the Lok Sabha elections to a theme of communal division in the bypolls was the primary cause for the party’s losses. The insinuation is that divisive attempts cloaked in the creative terminology of “love jihad” were unilaterally rejected by voters. Were these defeats for the BJP a vote against the Modi government, or the rejection of a perceived change in electoral strategy, as is the popular narrative?
An analysis of the assembly data, segment-wise, of the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, which the Election Commission made available recently, reveals that the distortion in the electoral landscape caused by the coming together of all major opposition parties for the by-elections is more explanatory of the BJP’s reversal of fortune in 11 constituencies in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar than any other conjecture — whether development or identity.
In other words, had the opposition parties in UP and Bihar allied, or abstained (as the BSP did), in the Lok Sabha elections, the BJP could have lost eight of these 11 assembly segments. That is, the bypoll outcomes would not have been deemed a loss now. Perhaps that explains the nonchalance of Amit Shah, the “man of the match” of the Lok Sabha polls, regarding criticism of his electoral strategy for the bypolls.
In the 53 assembly segments across 12 states (excluding Sikkim and Tripura) where by-elections were held recently, the BJP, which had won 44 for the Lok Sabha, won just 22 in the bypolls, suffering a reversal in 22. The BJP’s overall voteshare in these constituencies dropped from 50 per cent in the Lok Sabha elections to 44 per cent in the bypolls. Eleven of these 22 reversals were in the two states of UP and Bihar. Nonplussed at this dramatic change in fortune in such a short timespan, most observers have sought to rationalise these losses with ideological narratives.
However, it is important to recall that the voter’s choice of candidates in these two states altered significantly from the Lok Sabha polls to the bypolls. In UP, the BSP decided not to contest. In Bihar, the Congress and RJD joined hands with the incumbent JD(U) against the BJP. Counterfactual analysis is never a precise science. Nevertheless, it is continued…
SImilar to UP, the combination of the Congress, RJD and JD(U) for the bypolls in Bihar had an impact on four of the six losses for the BJP.

Chemistry is overratedIf Modi took such personal care of the Chinese leader, he received equal consideration from his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, during his official visit to Japan.
Written by Vivek Katju | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:15 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 7:09 pm
Benefits of a personal relationship between leaders of nations are exaggerated.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi extended unprecedented hospitality to President Xi Jinping of China during his recent state visit to India. Modi travelled to Ahmedabad to be with Xi. He received Xi when the Chinese leader reached his hotel from the airport. Modi also personally showed him around the Sabarmati Ashram and hosted a splendid Gujarati banquet on the banks of the Sabarmati river. No other Indian prime minister has ever made such extraordinary gestures to a visiting foreign leader. Significantly, this was to a leader of a country with which India continues to have a relationship of conflict, although economic ties are expanding.
If Modi took such personal care of the Chinese leader, he received equal consideration from his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, during his official visit to Japan. Abe was Modi’s constant companion in Kyoto. Indeed, no Indian prime minister has been so received by a leader of a major world power. Unlike the case with China, India has no bilateral conflict with Japan; relations have been below their potential, but very friendly.
What is the purpose of extreme gestures that go beyond international protocol? How are they perceived by the recipient? Do they build personal rapport, trust and confidence between leaders? More importantly, what is the role of such personal bonds or special gestures in improving problematic bilateral ties?
Many diplomats place great emphasis on the need to develop good, if not great, personal relations between national leaders to resolve contentious issues and achieve breakthroughs or take bilateral ties to higher levels. In a recent article in the Pakistani newspaper Dawn, veteran Pakistani diplomat Ashraf Jehangir Qazi — who has also served as his country’s high commissioner to India — advised Prime Ministers Nawaz Sharif and Modi that “despite mutual misgivings, the development of a personal relationship based on mutual confidence and trust should be a priority for both leaders”. For decades now, “retreats” have been organised during  some multilateral summits so leaders can mingle in a relaxed setting, without aides, to address difficult issues.
Some seasoned Indian diplomats in recent TV talk shows suggested that Modi should strike a personal rapport with US President Barack Obama. Before leaving Delhi, Modi said of Obama, “His life’s journey is… an inspiration for people around the world.” In a warm gesture, Obama accompanied Modi to the Martin Luther King Jr memorial in Washington. It was clear both were comfortable with each other during their interactions from Modi’s very successful visit to the US.
At a time when many leaders are in direct telephonic contact, some of them want to foster personal relations continued…
Attempts at building rapport between Indian and Pakistani leaders are instructive. At Shimla, in 1972, Bhutto assured Indira Gandhi that he was committed to solving the Kashmir  issue with the LOC as a permanent border.

Chinesetakeaway: Not so coyModi and Obama greet each other.
Written by C Raja Mohan | Posted: October 8, 2014 12:46 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 9:06 am
NOT SO COY
The fact that the South China Sea was mentioned for the first time in a joint statement between India and the United States during the visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Washington has been widely noted. The reference says more about India’s changing political attitude under Modi than New Delhi’s policy towards the maritime territorial disputes in the South and East China Seas between Beijing and its Asian neighbours, especially Japan, Vietnam and the Philippines.
Ever since China became more assertive in the Pacific, Delhi, which has its own territorial disputes with Beijing in the Great Himalayas, started weighing in on the issue of freedom of navigation. After all, much of India’s growing trade with East Asia flows through the South China Sea. Modi reaffirmed this in the joint statement with US President Barack Obama and restated India’s position that the maritime territorial disputes in the South China Sea should be resolved in accordance with the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.
These assertions have become a regular feature in India’s joint statements with its partners in East Asia. What is new is the fact that Delhi under Modi is no longer coy about affirming its position in conjunction with the US. One of the unfortunate diplomatic legacies of India’s non-alignment has been Delhi’s reluctance to highlight any convergence of interests with the US on regional and global issues. A self-assured Modi is changing all that by injecting a measure of pragmatism and openness into India’s positions.
Given India’s growing trade and its increasing dependence on the  sea for the import of vital energy resources, India’s interests are similar to those of the US, the world’s foremost maritime power. The converging maritime interests have been reflected in the steady expansion of the engagement between the Indian and US navies since India began economic globalisation at the turn of the 1990s. But there has been considerable reluctance in the ministry of defence during the UPA years to realise the full potential  of naval cooperation with the US. Modi, in contrast, is ready to explore the possibilities.
Beyond Malabar
It was not a great surprise, therefore, when Modi and Obama agreed to intensify bilateral maritime security cooperation and “upgrade” the Malabar series of bilateral naval exercises. The Malabar series began in the early 1990s under the Congress government led by P.V. Narasimha Rao, and was given a fresh boost by Pranab Mukherjee, who served as the defence minister during the first two years of the UPA government elected to power in 2004.
But the moment A.K. Antony stepped into Mukherjee’s big shoes at the ministry of defence in 2006, Delhi’s attitude to maritime security cooperation with the US
became increasingly ambivalent. Antony seemed to have little appreciation of India’s new maritime imperative and was reluctant to strengthen the partnership with the US. He had even problems with the Indian navy’s name for the joint exercises with continued…

IT stocks touch new peaks ahead of resultsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Isis close in on Kobani despite air raids© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6c741c2a-4e1d-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Turkey says Syria border town set to fallTurkey says Syrian border town about to fall
By Daniel Dombey in Istanbul and Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/615f6e88-4dec-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Memoirs criticise White House over IraqTwo memoirs hit White House with literary friendly fire over Iraq
By Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/825a7e4a-4eb7-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Another Bill Maher/Ben Affleck PostLet me begin by stating that I am a longtime fan of Bill Maher's show, but hey, wrong is wrong.
Like many of you, I watched this:
That lively discussion took place on HBO's Real Time with Bill Maher, and it is all about Islam -- specifically, the question of to what extent violent extremists represent all Muslims. Mr. Maher and author Sam Harris sat in opposition to actor and new Batman Ben Affleck asserting, that Jihadists are very much the result of Islamic doctrine.
Liberals, Maher and Harris said, contradict their own values because they refuse to acknowledge that islam is an inherently violent religion, believing such a position to be racist and bigoted. These liberals have a double standard when it comes to criticizing religious intolerance, and are therefore a "disappointment." As Harris said, "They'll criticize white theocracy, they'll criticize Christians... but when you want to talk about the treatment of women, homosexuals and free thinkers and public intellectuals in the Muslim world, I would argue that liberals have failed us... We have been sold this meme of Islamophobia where every criticism of the doctrine of Islam gets conflated with bigotry towards Muslims as people." He then went on to call Islam the "mother of bad ideas."
Mr. Affleck on the other hand, repudiated their remarks, calling them hateful, and countering with the fact that Islam is the world's second largest religion. Mr. Maher and Mr. Harris, he argued were painting with a very broad brush indeed. Batman was right, and here's why.
Let's "unpack" Maher's and Harris's statements:
1. Harris: 20 percent of Muslims hold very conservative, extreme views.
Sorry, but "numerous polls we can talk about later" a reliable source, does not make. Harris arrived at this 20 percent number by adding up radical Jihadists who would act on their views, with Islamists who would "work within the system" and "use democracy against itself" to impose their religion on others.
But this is no different from stating that Christian terrorists like Shelly Shannon, who in 1993 shot abortion doctor, George Tiller five times in an unsuccessful attempt on his life, and Scott Roeder who actually killed him in 2009, are representative of all Christianity.
We can arrive at this conclusion in the same way Maher and Harris reach conclusions about Islam. First, we add up people like Shannon and Roeder. Next, we combine that number with the many people who felt Tiller was a "baby killer," as FOX News' Bill O'Reilly put it, who needed to be stopped, but wouldn't themselves have carried out the attack. Having established a definite demographic, we state, as a matter of fact, that these are a significant number of Christians. We can even start combining extremist Christians in Africa for added flavor (of course, I'll get to them later.)
2. Harris: Polls of British Muslims show that 78 percent supported prosecution of the Danish cartoonist who insulted Islam.
I've scoured the Internet looking for these polls to no avail. But, for argument's sake, let's say that number is true. Prosecution is not murder. Prosecution is civilized. It isn't as though Christians haven't wanted to prosecute people they feel have insulted their faith. Here are two examples:
a) In Egypt , Publisher Ahmed Abdallah Abo-Islam, was brought up on charges of contempt of the Christian religion; accusing Christians of fabricating the Bible and threatening social stability and security.
b) In Brazil , the Catholic Church threatened to sue over a commercial which featured the famous Christ the Redeemer Statue wearing an Italian soccer jersey.
3. Maher: "It is the only religion... that will fucking kill you if you say the wrong thing, draw the wrong picture, or write the wrong book."
Mr. Maher has, in the past, said that he carries a handgun for protection. I can only assume that this is because he receives death threats for his remarks from right wingers, Christians, Muslims, etc. What I'm getting at is this: extremists from all religions are violent.
For example, in America, radical Christian terrorists kill gay people for having the wrong "lifestyle." 2011 saw the highest number of anti-gay murders in U.S. history. It is even worse in Africa where Christian missionaries have spread the message of intolerance. Uganda is one such country. It recently passed a law criminalizing homosexuality, which has led to rampant anti-gay violence .
Bill Maher and Sam Harris are just wrong.
Maher and Harris fail to see the violence of the Muslim world in context. For decades, the United States encouraged radical Islam as a way to combat the Soviet Union. One could make the argument that it would not have spread organically. Our whole involvement in the Middle East and North Africa has been, shall we say, insidious. I will not go into the whole list of mistakes we made, save to say, we armed the most radical extremists, gave them training, and essentially handed the region over to them, all the while exploiting it ourselves.
As the star of Gigli said, Islam is the second largest religion on the planet, and as with all religions, the views and opinions of its subscribers are many and varied. All religious texts contain violent passages as well as peaceful ones. How said texts are interpreted depends greatly on many things. Religious zealotry is often driven by socioeconomic factors, such as a lack of infrastructure and availability of quality education. Poverty and desperation tend to breed cultures of intolerance and ignorance. So yes, in poorer, less educated, less developed countries, you see more religiosity and violence: whether it be anti-gay violence in Uganda, or anti-Christian violence in Egypt.
I'm still a fan of Bill Maher. Most times, he's spot on. But, and this to Mr. Maher and Mr. Harris directly: please walk back your statements. I'm not denying that the Muslim world is filled with hate, anti-intellectualism, homophobia, intolerance, ignorance and more violence than the western world. I just don't want everyone thinking all atheists are like you guys.
Follow Walker Bragman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/walkerbragman
More:

Obama needs a gangstaObama needs a gangsta to lay down the law
By Gary Silverman
The president can reward his supporters with the brand of justice they craved
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f288a120-4970-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Heres how Satya Nadella got the Microsoft CEO jobMax Nisen @MaxNisen
October 8, 2014
Microsoft’s search for replacement for Steve Ballmer was unusually long and fraught for the sort of big company where succession is usually predetermined. In a Vanity Fair feature , Bethany McLean reveals a process complicated by the timing and circumstances of Ballmer’s departure.
Ballmer told the board in June he had a handshake deal to buy Nokia’s devices group, and required only the board’s stamp of approval. He skipped the traditional post-meeting dinner for his son’s middle school graduation, only to find out the next day the board had rejected the deal and didn’t want to discuss it. Ballmer was furious, to the point of yelling and threatening resignation. Founder Bill Gates was part of that decision, and Ballmer felt betrayed.
The board eventually relented and agreed to a version of the deal, but it had become clear to Ballmer that there was no way he could stay even though there wasn’t a CEO candidate in place to follow him.
“There was too much water under the bridge with this board,” Ballmer told McLean.
All of this led to a schism between Gates and Ballmer: the longtime friends who stopped speaking, according to McLean , complicating an already tough search
Here’s McLean’s revealing list of people the board seriously considered:
Alan Mulally, former CEO of Ford
The turnaround specialist was initially a frontrunner, but felt he shouldn’t be required to formally interview for the job.
Steve Mollenkopf, CEO of Qualcomm
He was then COO of the telecom company and a leading external candidate—but was named the new CEO within 24 hours of reports Microsoft was seriously interested.
Paul Maritz, CEO of Pivotal
Maritz apparently felt that Microsoft was significantly behind and would have to get smaller and make tough choices. Gates felt otherwise, and Maritz declined, thinking he wouldn’t have sufficient freedom.
John Thompson, CEO of Virtual Instruments and Microsoft board member
A source told McLean that the former IBM executive, who replaced Ballmer as Microsoft’s chairman, never truly pursued the job. But Gates apparently said he wouldn’t support him over Nadella when other board members suggested the idea.
Hans Vestburg, CEO of Ericsson 
Parts of the board really wanted an outsider even after others declined, but Vestburg delayed meetings leading to the conclusion he wasn’t all that interested.
Kevin Turner, COO of Microsoft
The former Walmart executive was someone that Ballmer pushed, but he lost out to Nadella as the top internal choice.
How did Nadella emerge from this minefield of candidates?
In addition to being a Microsoft loyalist, he was perceived as being willing to change things and look outside an insular culture.  More importantly, perhaps, he’s a “genuinely nice” person who both Steve and Bill love, and who people seem to actually want to follow. Gates’ decision to take a more active role also required someone he could work closely with.
Share this:

Foreign buyers hold key to debt pricesForeign buyers hold key to debt prices
By Elaine Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d2cd018-4e25-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

We need $1 billion to tackle the Ebola epidemicand were $600 million shortOctober 8, 2014
This post has been updated.
Thomas Eric Duncan, the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in the US, died today, which will surely add fuel to the panic that has already risen in the West.
CNN wonders if Ebola is "The Isis of Biological Agents" http://t.co/t0VxTwkJhF pic.twitter.com/ppEjqtZAQm
While Westerners worry about whether the Ebola epidemic will hit them ( it won’t ), and hundreds of thousands signed a petition to save  the life of a Spanish Ebola patient’s dog , not enough is being done to help the countries where the virus  needs to be controlled .
On Sept. 16, the UN Central Emergency Response Fund (CERF)—which is made up of primarily governments donate to tackle emergency humanitarian crises—set a goal of  $988 million   necessary to “stop the outbreak, treat the infected, ensure essential services, preserve stability and prevent outbreaks in countries presently unaffected.”
On Sept. 25, at the Ebola panel held during the UNGA, Barack Obama urged other nations to act fast and make stopping Ebola a priority : “We can not do this alone, we do not have the capacity to do all of this by ourselves.”
Thus far, it doesn’t appear that many countries answered the call. Only 26% of the necessary funding has been collected, and another 16% has been pledged but not yet donated.
The World Bank, Africa Development Bank, and US altogether make for over 70% of the total collected (or 18% of the final goal), while a number of other countries donated less than 1% of the total—including Spain, where two people died from the virus and one is currently being treated.
Notably absent from the list of donors are European countries including France and Italy, as well as China, Russia, Israel.
The latest World Bank report today forecasts $32.6 billion dollars in losses for the countries affected by the epidemic by the end of 2015—an amount that is destined to grow the longer it takes to collect all the resources needed for intervention.
Update: Updates to the list of donors and funding were released on Oct. 9  and are available on The Guardian  website.
Share this:

Octoberfest is raging for these stocksOctoberfest is raging for these stocks!
By: Matt Krantz October 8, 2014 3:17 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
The real Octoberfest in Germany has sadly wound down for another year. But for U.S. stocks, the party is just getting started.
Thanks to the Federal Reserve minutes saying what investors wanted them to , stocks are blasting off even in the widely feared month of October.
To be exact, there are 12 stocks in the either the broad Standard & Poor’s 1500 index or the Russell 3000 that are up 20% in October — and the month is only 8 days old!
The big winner is a company you might never have heard of: Durata Therapeutics (DRTX), a company working on a number of treatments for infectious diseases. Not a bad place to be during the Ebola outbreak. Shares are up 87% just in the month of October.
Here are the stocks in either the S&P 1500 or Russell 3000 that are up 20% or more in October so far:
Company

Alcoa beats forecasts as earnings kick offAlcoa beats forecasts as earnings kick off
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9cf9b1b8-06e0-11e4-ba32-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alcoa to buy Firth Rixson for $2.85bnJune 26, 2014 2:05 pm
Alcoa to buy Firth Rixson for $2.85bn
By Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9cfa8f7e-fd2c-11e3-8ca9-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Steps to make delisting easySteps to make delisting easy
Tata nano rental service launchedTata nano rental service launched
India incorporated to log low growth: CRISILIndia incorporated to log low growth: CRISIL
Pepsi Sales Expected to Rise in 3Q -- Earnings PreviewPepsi Sales Expected to Rise in 3Q -- Earnings Preview
New regional route policy likely before Dec endNew regional route policy likely before Dec end
SCs tough stand guided Karnataka HCNEW DELHI, October 8, 2014
Updated: October 8, 2014 03:22 IST
SC’s tough stand guided Karnataka HC
Krishnadas Rajagopal
Lawyers outside the Karnataka High Court in Bangalore on Tuesday. Photo: Bhagya Prakash
TOPICS
judiciary (system of justice)
Karnataka High Court judge A.V. Chandrasekhara, hearing the plea of the former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister, Jayalalithaa, seeking suspension of sentence and bail in the Rs. 66.65-crore disproportionate assets case, on Tuesday observed that corruption amounted to violation of human rights and led to economic imbalance. These words from the judge draw on a recent series of strongly worded judgments by the Supreme Court condemning criminalisation in politics.
The apex court has not minced words when, in each of these judgments, it has sent across the message that corruption by elected representatives arrests national progress.
In the Manoj Narula versus Union of India judgment of August 28, 2014, Justice Dipak Misra wrote that “criminalisation of politics, it can be said with certitude, creates a dent in the marrows of the nation.”
The Constitution Bench verdict, which advises against inducting tainted people as ministers, stresses that “criminalisation of politics is anathema to the sacredness of democracy.”
In the May 6, 2014 judgment relating to the Subramanian Swamy vs. Director, Central Bureau of Investigation & Anr case, another Constitution Bench led by Chief Justice of India (retired) R.M. Lodha declared that “corruption is an enemy of the nation.”
The apex court further notes that the “office of public power cannot be the workshop of personal gain. Probity in public life is of great importance.”
The verdict, which held that the CBI did not require prior sanction to probe senior bureaucrats in corruption cases, clarified that status or position was no deterrent to a fair probe under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
“Corrupt public servants, whether high or low, are birds of the same feather,” the Supreme Court held, while explaining that “it is clear as noon day that corruption has the potentiality to destroy many a progressive aspect and it has acted as the formidable enemy of the nation.”
The judgment in the Lily Thomas versus Union of India case on July 10, 2013 is another testimony from the Supreme Court that it does not want to give corrupt politicians any leeway. It is in this verdict that the court ruled that any MP or MLA convicted of a crime with more than two years’ sentence would face disqualification. A Bench led by Justice (retired) A.K. Patnaik also declared unconstitutional Section 8(4) of the Representation of the People Act, allowing elected members three months’ time to appeal their conviction.
The same year saw the Supreme Court Bench of Justices K.S. Radhakrishnan (retired) and Dipak Misra, in Niranjan Hemchandra Sashittal and another versus State of Maharashtra, lament how “the nation stood as a silent witness to corruption at high places.”
“It can be stated without any fear of contradiction that corruption is not to be judged by degree for, corruption mothers disorder, destroys societal will to progress, accelerates undeserved ambitions, kills the conscience, jettisons the glory of the institutions, paralyses the economic health of a country, corrodes the sense of civility and mars the marrows of governance,” Justice Misra wrote in the judgment.
The Bench said the “immoral acquisition of wealth destroys the energy of people believing in honesty.”

Wal-Mart to cut back on health-care coverageBy Sarah Halzack October 7 Follow @sarahhalzack
A Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. (Jae C. Hong/AP)
Wal-Mart said Tuesday that it would eliminate health insurance coverage for about 30,000 of its part-time workers, a move that the nation’s largest retailer says is aimed at slashing its rising health-care costs.
All Wal-Mart employees who work less than 30 hours a week will no longer be eligible for coverage, a policy change that will affect 2 percent of the company’s 1.3 million U.S. workers and about 5 percent of its part-time workforce.
The company also said it will raise health-insurance premiums for its entire workforce in 2015.
Wal-Mart’s Senior Vice President of Global Benefits, Sally Welborn, said in a blog post that these were “tough decisions” made amid a climate in which businesses of all kinds are struggling to deal with their employees’ rising health-care costs.
“Wal-Mart’s change is not surprising and it does follow a number of retail employers who have moved in this direction since the Affordable Care Act,” said Brian Marcotte, chief executive of the National Business Group on Health, an organization that represents large employers on health-care issues.
Target said in January that it would cease to provide coverage for part-time workers .  At the time, Target human resources executive Jodee Kozlak said that the company believed that these employees might prefer the options that were now available to them through the health insurance marketplaces created under the Affordable Care Act.  Trader Joe’s and Home Depot announced a similar moves  in fall 2013.
Greg Foran, chief executive of Wal-Mart U.S., told investors during a conference call in August that health-care costs were up $180 million compared to the previous year, a figure he said was “well above” the company’s initial estimates.  By the end of the fiscal year, Wal-Mart expects to see a $500 million increase in health-care expenses due to higher levels of employee enrollment in its plans and higher costs.  Almost 1.2 million employees and their family members are covered by Wal-Mart health-care plans.
In 2012, Wal-Mart said it would no longer offer coverage to new employees who worked less than 30 hours per week. However, existing employees who worked less than 30 hours were at that time permitted to continue getting health insurance coverage through Wal-Mart.  This latest move means that those employees who had previously been grandfathered in will no longer be able to obtain coverage through Wal-Mart.
Wal-Mart will provide affected workers with assistance in finding new health insurance plans.
Previously, in 2011, the company got rid of health-insurance coverage for employees who worked less than 24 hours a week.
These recent reductions to health insurance offerings come less than a decade after Wal-Mart made a big push to expand its health-care coverage for workers . At the time, the company was facing sharp criticism from labor groups and legislators who said the Wal-Mart didn’t provide adequate coverage options for its employees.
Wal-Mart says its that its health insurance offerings compare favorably to those of its retail competitors.  The Bentonville, Ark.-based company says that in 2014, its employees on average paid 32 percent less for their health coverage than other workers in the retail sector and 25 percent less than workers in other industries.
Workers enrolled in Wal-Mart’s most popular insurance plan will see their premiums increase in 2015 from $18.40 to $21.90 per pay period. Using data from benefits consulting firm Aon Hewitt as a benchmark, Wal-Mart says that those costs are about half what other retail employees face.
Marcotte said its not likely that Wal-Mart’s move will spur other major employers to change their insurance offerings.  The Affordable Care Act might mean different things to different companies, he said, based on the size of their part-time workforce, how many low-wage workers they have and other factors.
“It’s really going to come down to a very company-specific decision,” Marcotte said.
Read more:

Wal-Mart adds in-store health-care comparisonsBy Sarah Halzack October 6 Follow @sarahhalzack
Wal-Mart announced Monday that it will dive deeper into the health-care market, unveiling an initiative to allow customers to compare and enroll in health insurance plans in thousands of its stores.
Wal-Mart is teaming with DirectHealth.com, an online insurance comparison site and independent health insurance agency, to set up counters in its stores where consumers can talk to licensed agents about plan options.
“Our goal is to be the number one health-care provider in the industry,” said Labeed Diab, president of health and wellness for Wal-Mart U.S. “And the more we broaden our assortment, the more we broaden our offering, the more we educate the customer Wal-Mart is a great place to create a one-stop shop.”
Over the past several years, Wal-Mart has moved to expand its reach beyond retail into the health-care sector, where Americans are spending an increasingly larger share of their dollars. Earlier this year, the Bentonville, Ark.-based company began opening primary-care centers at several of its locations. Hundreds of its stores include acute-care clinics that offer a basic menu of services, including flu shots and blood-pressure screenings. Wal-Mart made waves about eight years ago when it announced it would offer generic versions of some prescription drugs for just $4 .
Some Wal-Mart competitors are by some measures outdoing the big-box retailer with their forays into health care : CVS, for example, has more than 800 retail clinics, according to consulting firm Merchant Medicine. Walgreens has about 400 of them, while Wal-Mart has about 100.
Wal-Mart first began hosting agents from individual insurers in its stores in 2005. The newly announced offering expands on that, with the agents able to guide customers through thousands of plans from hundreds of carriers. Direct­Health.com agents will receive a commission if they enroll an in-store customer in a health plan.
Diab said Wal-Mart hopes this one-on-one service will become a gateway for customers to come to their stores for all of their health-care needs.
“You’re educating the consumer on a very, very complex part of the [health-care] space,” Diab said. “And when you do that, they want you to take care of their prescription needs, their over-the-counter needs, their optical needs, the clinics.”
The program, known as Healthcare Begins Here, kicks off Oct. 10 and will run in stores through Dec. 7, closely tracking with the Medicare open-enrollment period and partially overlapping with the open enrollment period for federal health insurance exchanges. The company said it will monitor the success of the program and potentially bring it back next year.
Wal-Mart will initially offer the program at 2,700 of its 4,311 U.S. stores. Marcus Osborne, Walmart’s vice president of health and wellness payer relations, said the company selected locations based on customer interest and demand.
“We know where Medicare-eligible customers live today, and where there’s need for that, and where there are larger numbers of potential customers who could avail themselves of the public exchange,” Osborne said.
Wal-Mart’s expansion of its health and wellness offerings comes as the company is facing flat comparable store sales and slower foot traffic in its U.S. stores. Price-conscious consumers have been slow to open their wallets, even though the economy is showing steady signs of improvement. Meanwhile, the company is investing heavily in ramping up its e-commerce operation and in building new stores, including in its small-format Neighborhood Markets concept, which it hopes will help create greater opportunities to boost sales.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

The Obamacare experiment that saved millionsRichmond: The legacy of poverty
The state of college
How the ACA is changing us
The surprising Obamacare experiment that saved taxpayers $24 million last year
In America's poorest urban county, one medical group is asking a simple question: what if health care is about more than just medicine?
By Danielle Paquette October 6 Follow @dpaqreport
Deirdre Sekulic, assistant director of social work at Montefiore, poses for a portrait outside of the hospital in the Bronx, N.Y., on Sept. 25, 2014. (Yana Paskova/For The Washington Post)
NEW YORK — The social worker pulls on blue latex gloves and a surgical face mask. She steps into the hospital room, where sheer curtains dim the September afternoon sunlight.
James Watley, 53, sits upright in bed, recovering from a bone marrow transplant. He’s sipping ginger ale through a straw. An orange rests at his hip, as though he’s guarding it.
Unprompted, Watley makes his case to stay.
“I can’t go back,” he tells her, softly. “This is it. The last stand. Next one’s the box.”
He came here from a Brooklyn homeless shelter, where his oxygen tank was considered a fire hazard. It’s at least an hour by subway from the Montefiore Medical Center  in the Northwest Bronx, where he receives treatment for blood cancer. Last time, he fainted on the train.
Deirdre Sekulic, 42, doesn’t argue. Her job is guided by one belief: Sick people with no home cannot heal. Moral implications aside, that’s an expensive problem for the nation.
“I might have an opportunity for you,” she says. “It could take a while, and it’s hard to tell what will happen. . . . But I need to know you’re interested.”
Sekulic heads Montefiore ’s housing unit, which aims to find one-bedroom apartments for homeless patients who show up in the emergency room, again and again. The program is the only one of its kind in New York City.
Montefiore is also an unexpected cost-saving offshoot of the Affordable Care Act — and part of an experimental effort to treat health care as more than just medicine. The dual goal: Save lives, save money.
The medical center is what’s called a Pioneer Accountable Care Organization , one of 19 in the country . More simply: It’s a network of doctors, nurses and social workers who team up to deliver continuous, coordinated care to patients — and, in the process, slash government spending .
Its approach has been championed by some health economists as a cutting-edge way to save tax money .  Last year, the Montefiore Pioneer ACO saved the government $24.5 million in Medicare spending, according to a Montefiore spokesperson. Because of a cost-cutting incentive built into the Affordable Care Act, which created the partnership , the medical center got to keep $13 million of that amount.
Nationwide, Pioneer ACOs saved the government $96 million last year , compared with $87.6 million in 2012, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services said last month. 
Montefiore has about 2,500 medical providers in its network. An oncologist, a physical therapist and a social worker may treat the same patient, for example. Smaller Pioneer ACOs that serve populations with higher median incomes had much lower Medicare savings.
How has one operation been so successful at cutting costs? It bridges the gap between patients and the often confusing world of health care, Sekulic said. Nurses regularly call patients to make sure they’re taking their medicine. Emergency room aides consult a medical history database for every visitor, to avoid repeating expensive tests such as MRIs.
Housing, one of the newest initiatives here, takes this idea a step further. Montefiore has housed only two patients, but it plans to push for more.
Deirdre Sekulic, assistant director of social work at Montefiore hospital in the Bronx, N.Y., talks with oncology patient James Watley about finding housing for him, on Sept. 25, 2014. (Yana Paskova/For The Washington Post)
Pioneer ACOs have been able to save only a small chunk of government spending on its main three health-care programs — Medicare, Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program — which last year totaled $772 billion . But the idea is still young, a fledgling experiment, said Andrew Racine, Montefiore’s chief medical officer.
In the Bronx, he said, the origins of illness are largely social. About 80 percent of Montefiore’s patients receive Medicaid or Medicare.
“It has to do with how people are housed, what transportation is available, their educational backgrounds,” Racine said. “Until and unless you have a system that’s attuned to these issues, you don’t have the possibility of keeping people healthy.”
Three years ago, the government gave Montefiore the designation of Pioneer ACO, reserved for hospitals that have long developed hands-on community care methods. The title feels like a mere formality, Racine said; The medical center has honed a grass-roots approach here for two decades.
“The question we’re asking ourselves is: If [the government] partners with medical facilities, which have a financial interest in keeping costs down, is that enough of an incentive to actually change the trajectory of costs over time?” Racine said. “You better know how it’s working, and why, so you can take those lessons and send them out more broadly.”
Oncology patient James Watley waves to a passing doctor as Deirdre Sekulic, assistant director of social work at Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx, makes her rounds. (Yana Paskova for The Washington Post)
In a new paper for the Brookings Institution , health economist Louise Sheiner argues that a one-size-fits-all health-care approach won’t cut medical spending. Patients in, say, Minnesota are starkly different from those in Mississippi. Simply adopting the practices of low-cost states , once proclaimed as the next frontier in financial waste reduction , won’t cut health-care costs, she said.
One proposed fix: More demographic-specific research, more ACOs . What works in Brooklyn, even, may not float in the Bronx. “It is difficult to isolate the effects of differences in health spending intensity,” Sheiner writes, “from the effects of the differences in the underlying state characteristics.”
Today, one in five Americans, or about 65 million, receive benefits from Medicaid, the nation’s largest insurer . More than 49 million receive Medicare , which covers beneficiaries age 65 and older.
Montefiore does not focus ACA innovation tactics solely on Medicare recipients, although that’s the government’s primary metric of success, Racine said. The theory is: Diseases caught or prevented earlier should reduce future costs across the board.
So does getting patients off the street.
**
Sekulic shows up at their apartments with MetroCards so they can travel to chemotherapy appointments. Co-workers say the Irish woman with thick, dark bangs will walk down any alley. Answer her door at any hour of night.
She grew up poor in Dublin, where her mother ran a free after-school program for kids. Social work was her passion, she says, before she knew the term.
Sekulic is one of two dedicated social workers tasked with arranging one-bedroom apartments dubbed supportive housing , which come with curfew and guest restrictions, for Montefiore’s most vulnerable patients. She checks listings every night before bed.
The applications take months. Sekulic hounds city agencies and nonprofits. She preps her patients for grueling interviews. “That’s the only way I get rooms.”
This year, Sekulic secured two apartments, funded partly by Medicaid. Two patients received their first set of house keys ever: a 26-year-old transgender woman, whose grandmother kicked her out as a child, and a 31-year-old man who slept on the streets before unchecked diabetes rendered him half-blind.
Now, Sekulic is working on a third case: a home for Watley, the patient with blood cancer.
An ambulance first dropped him at the Montefiore emergency room and onto her caseload in November, when chest pains hindered his ability to breathe. He returned in December, diagnosed with multiple myeloma — the same disease that killed his mother. And again in March, with leg swelling. Again in June, unable to move.
Watley received the bone marrow transplant in September. He remains in a Montefiore bed, resting for the next two weeks. A home, Sekulic said, could get him back on his feet.
“It has to do with how people are housed, what transportation is available, their educational backgrounds,” she said. “Until and unless you have a system that’s attuned to these issues, you don’t have the possibility of keeping people healthy.”
And, ideally, keeping him away from the emergency room.
Homeless men in the United States visit the ER nine times more often than the rest of the population, according to the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality . Homeless women are 12 times as likely. The average trip costs $1,233, according to research funded by the National Institutes of Health .
This, of course, amplifies the taxpayer burden. Montefiore’s housing mission has something to satisfy liberals and conservatives, Sekulic says. “If you don’t have a place to sleep, you won’t have the ability to take care of much else — and you’re going to be a much more expensive patient.”
The biggest challenge, she said, is signing the lease. That’s because the Bronx has about 8,000 supportive-housing units — and thousands more New Yorkers from all five boroughs are vying for them.
On Christmas Eve, Sekulic rushed to a Harlem agency to sign for the 26-year-old transgender woman, her first patient housed. The patient’s ER trips since dipped from nearly 50 in 2013 to just one this year, to patch an accidental wrist cut.
Watley, Sekulic fears, won’t be a competitive candidate. He served prison time for dealing drugs, she said. That was years after his mother died. After he became an orphan, sleeping on park benches.
The social worker will first find him a bed in a Bronx shelter, just in case. That would cut down his commutes to receive medical attention at Montefiore. Her top priority, though, is sending out Watley’s housing applications, following up daily, preparing him for prerequisite interviews.
Building managers probably will ask: “How do we know you won’t bring trouble?” Watley must promise, genuinely and repeatedly, to follow the law.
Sekulic will add: “He is sick, very sick. He will get much sicker without a home. He will run up medical bills. And then, he will die.”
**
In the hospital room that September day, Watley listens to Sekulic, eyes welling. He has never heard an offer like this. He’s reluctant to believe it.
She’s taking his case. Working, full-time, to find him a nearby one-bedroom apartment. His alone.
“You would have your own place,” the social worker says. “Your own keys.”
“What?”
“You gotta stay sober, though,” she continues. “Stay off the streets.”
Watley puts his hand on his heart. Closes his eyes.
“I want to beat this for my mom,” he says. “I feel her pushing me.”
Sekulic says she’ll push, too.
Danielle Paquette is a reporter covering the intersection of people and policy. She’s from Indianapolis and previously worked for the Tampa Bay Times. Follow her on Twitter: @Dpaqreport.
Next up

Coal blocks: Govt struggling without plan of action09:00 pm
Three weeks after the Supreme Court de-allocated 204 coal blocks, the government is still struggling to put together a plan. Industry is nervously waiting for clarity on the auction process but nothing has been forthcoming so far and with coal minister Piyush Goel busy with Maharashtra elections, the wait may be longer.
Earlier Goyal said that the government was ready to act quickly post Supreme Court's order in the coal allocation case.
However, it has been three weeks since the apex court cancelled as many as 204 coal blocks, but the government is still struggling to put together a plan to avert the coal crisis ahead.
Companies affected by the cancellation have started queuing up at ministry but have gone away disappointed as the coal minister is busy with the Maharatsra and Haryana elections.
Sources say the coal ministry is not clear about what happens to the land acquired by the allottees while operational mines are concerned about the retrospective penalty and seek clarity on whether the government will allow right of first refusal during the auction.
In the absence of a coal linkage plan, levy of penalty and dependency on coal imports, this Diwali may see electricity tariffs heading higher.
RELATED NEWS

Pawar will be in Modi govt soon: Raj Thackeray | No allying with Cong: PawarAnant Geete
(Everyone knew that the BJP…)
NCP chief Sharad Pawar and MNS president Raj Thackeray in separate, exclusive, interviews with Rajesh Ramachandran and Krishna Kumar speak about the alleged conspiracy behind the BJP-Shiv Sena breakup. While Pawar rules out any truck with Congress ( Read interview ), Raj insists that NCP and BJP will soon be together. Excerpts of the interview with Raj Thackeray:
You had supported Narendra Modi in the general elections, but now you are attacking him. What changed in five months?
I think I am the first person to have made a statement that Narendra Modi should be the Prime Minister of India. Today, however he is still working as if he is the PM of Gujarat. When he met the US president, the first words from Barack Obama were 'Kemcho Mr Prime Minister'. That is because Modi's image has become entirely that of the PM of Gujarat. We are not against Gujaratis or even against Gujarat but this cannot be the image of our country's Prime Minister. In Maharashtra, 250 acres meant for Coast Guard was cancelled after Modi became the PM and the project was taken away to Gujarat. Your love for Gujarat can be seen after you became the PM, after all this, how can we accept that you are the country's Prime Minister?
You have also criticised Modi over the number of election rallies he has been holding in Maharashtra?
I am not concerned with the rallies but the use of government machinery for this purpose. When we want to hold a rally the Election Commission asks us how much we have spent? Now, when Modi is campaigning, he is using all the government facilities, government aircraft and helicopters are being used. A huge number of police guards him during the tours as he is the PM. But the PM is using government machinery while campaigning for a political party. He is the first PM who is addressing so many rallies for the assembly polls. There are soldiers getting killed on our border. But what does our PM do? He is campaigning in Haryana and Maharashtra. We didn't make you the PM for this? He talks to the country on how the people should function and how they should behave. But he should start with himself.
Why do you think the BJP snapped the alliance with the Shiv Sena?
Everyone knew that the BJP was going to break the alliance. If I knew it then wouldn't the Sena have known it? There was only greed for power and seats. The divorce papers were ready long ago. They were only interested in who gets how many seats. During the days of Balasaheb, Advani and Vajpayee, there was a relationship between the two parties now there are only deals to be made.
Why did the Sena take so long to understand that the BJP was going to break the ties?
Well, I knew sitting outside that the BJP was going to break the ties. The Sena was, however, desperate for an alliance and hence kept chasing the BJP while the BJP was over-confident.
Is there a Modi wave now? Considering he is addressing so many rallies?
There is no Modi wave. He has to attend so many rallies because there is no wave and also, BJP doesn't have a face to project. Modi himself said in his first rally that if Gopinath Munde was alive he wouldn't have had to campaign. BJP doesn't have any leaders in Maharashtra, yet they are asking for a majority. Modi is coming to campaign, but he is not going to be the CM. So why should people vote for Modi?
What would be the post-poll scenario?
When I fight elections, I don't think about results whether it is assembly or Lok Sabha polls. I was actually not keen on fighting the Lok Sabha polls as I knew what the results were going to be, however there were pulls and pressures within the party. I had no conviction while addressing rallies then and I knew it. Today, I have 100% conviction while fighting the assembly elections and when I fight the election I don't think of how many seats I will get.
You had said that you would join the Shiv Sena in a post-poll scenario against the BJP?
No, I have not made such comments, all I said was that if attempts are made to separate Mumbai from Maharasthra then all the Maharashtrians in the state would come together to fight it.
The BJP is talking of creating a separate state of Vidarbha , will this become a big issue in these elections?
They are talking but they won't be able to do it. This issue would hurt them across Maharashtra.
You believe that Sharad Pawar is going to join hands with the BJP after the elections?
Pawar has good equations with the BJP. He was about to join the NDA even during the Lok Sabha elections, however, it could not happen because of opposition from the RSS. I have come to know of at least three to four meetings with Modi. This is what we have come to know, there could be many more that we don't know. Don't be surprised if you see Pawar as a minister after the elections. It was Pawar who told the BJP that if you break the alliance with the Sena then the NCP will break the alliance with the Congress.
You had also apparently met BJP leader Nitin Gadkari secretly?

As NR Narayana Murthy  Kris Gopalakrishnan log out  its end of an era at Indias IT bellwetherAs NR Narayana Murthy, Kris Gopalakrishnan log out, it's end of an era at Infosys
fe Bureau | Bangalore | Updated:  Oct 09 2014, 11:49  IST
Oct 09 2014, 11:49  IST
 

Microsofts India revenue doubles; PAT at Rs...You are here: Home > Collections > Revenue
Microsoft’s India revenue doubles; PAT at Rs 96.85 crore
ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 03.29AM IST
Tags:
MCIPL
(Microsoft Corporation…)
NEW DELHI: Microsoft's revenue in India more than doubled last year, helped by users upgrading their Windows operating systems with bundled Office offerings, and the company sold products and licences worth Rs 1,973.94 crore in the country, according to a filing at the Registrar of Companies.
Microsoft Corporation India Private Limited (MCIPL), which markets and sells Microsoft products in India, said overall revenue in the country grew toRs 2,245 crore in 2013 from Rs 1,003.4 crore a year earlier. "Access across devices is important. That's where Office365 is very successful, essentially because it allows user access across devices.
Having said that, there was also a pent up increase because of rise in licence prices. When you combine that with an average 8-10% growth across multiple markets in the country, especially tier-4 and tier-5 towns, this was expected," said Sanchit Vir Gogia , chief executive, Greyhound Research. The company also said it changed its business model in India last year to include the sale of its retail products.
Set up in 1988, MCIPL marketed Microsoft products in India in return for a service fee, but since April 2013, the company also manufactures, replicates, markets and sells Microsoft software retail products and services in India. "The share of marketing support services has declined from 87% of revenue in the year ended March 2013 to 4% in the current year," the company said in the filing.
The company's software retail products include its packaged products, containing software such as Windows on CDs and DVDs, software volume licences and personal computer or XBox games. In July, Microsoft said its fourth-quarter revenue rose 17% to $23.38 billion, helped by sales from its acquisition of Nokia and its core Windows and Office products.
While the company has been aggressively pushing its cloud platform Azure in India, experts feel it is still a long way before it catches up to nimbler rival Amazon Web Services, which has had immense success bringing small and medium enterprises on board in the country. Microsoft also reported a profit after tax of Rs 96.85 crore and said its online search revenue in India grew 235% from last year. "On a small base, any growth is good," said Gogia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1seL951FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Holy Hamburger!  World's first $1,768 burger
This may -- or may not -- be the world's expensive burger. But, geez Louise, would you want to pour ketchup on the $1,768 Glamburger?
Post to Facebook
Holy Hamburger!  World's first $1,768 burger This may -- or may not -- be the world's expensive burger. But, geez Louise, would you want to pour ketchup on the $1,768 Glamburger? Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xqk4Lu
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
40
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Holy Hamburger!  World's first $1,768 burger
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 8:59 a.m. EDT October 9, 2014
Honky Tonk in London is partnering with Groupon and serving up the world's most expensive cheeseburger at $1,766. Buzz60
Groupon worked with one of its merchants, Honky Tonk restaurant, to create the world’s most expensive burger, the Glamburger.
(Photo: Groupon)
8267 CONNECT 252 TWEET 32 LINKEDIN 40 COMMENTEMAILMORE
This may – or may not – be the world's most expensive burger.
But, geez Louise, would you want to pour ketchup on the $1,768 Glamburger?
The burger is made with 220 grams of Kobe Wagyu beef minced with 60 grams of New Zealand venison. It's made with Canadian lobster poached in Iranian saffron.  It's got Beluga caviar and hickory smoked duck egg covered in an edible, gold leaf.    Oh, did we forget to mention the champagne jus and grated white truffle?
Big Mac, it's not.
What it is:  an outside-the-box publicity ploy by Groupon UK in celebration of its 5 millionth food and drink voucher. It's also a contest that Groupon is sponsoring. The winner not only gets to chow down on the burger, but the winner also is awarded round-trip cost of travel to the restaurant.
The burger was created by head chef Chris Large at the Honky Tonk restaurant in London.
One PR guru says the stunt may have some serious bite. "It's successful in a world in which the unique and bizarre often attract interest," says David Nevins, president of Nevins and Associates.  "I don't think, however, that Groupon would sell too many of these burgers with their traditional 2 for 1 offering."
Ramen noodle burger: The newest state fair delicacy
An outfit called Record Setters has certified it as The Most Expensive Burger in the  World.
But, it appears Guinness World Records says otherwise.   Way back in 2000, it says, a $5,000 burger was produced by Juicys Outlaw Grill in Corvallis, Ore, a food concession specialist, that created a burger that tipped the scales at more than 352.44 kilograms. (That's about 777 pounds).  Juicys claims, on its website, that it will prepare and deliver the $5,000 burger to you with just 48 hours notice.

http://usat.ly/1qjYC56FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Fed minutes: Little changed
The September minutes of the Federal Reserve's powerful Open Market Committee showed little change from its previous statements and few surprises for bulls or bears
Post to Facebook
Fed minutes: Little changed The September minutes of the Federal Reserve's powerful Open Market Committee showed little change from its previous statements and few surprises for bulls or bears Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vR25yn
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
14
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Fed minutes: Little changed
John Waggoner , USA TODAY 8:51 p.m. EDT October 8, 2014
Everyone thought interest rates would bounce back up after the unemployment rate fell below 6%, but not so fast. The Federal Reserve is worried about the lack growth overseas and wants to keep the rates low for the time being. Newslook
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen arrives for a Board of Governors meeting at the Federal Reserve in Washington, Wednesday, Sept. 3, 2014. The meeting is to discuss a final rulemaking to implement a quantitative liquidity requirement in the United States as well as a proposed rule on margin requirements for non-cleared swaps of prudentially regulated swap entities.
(Photo: Susan Walsh, AP)
138 CONNECT 81 TWEET 78 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The September minutes of the Federal Reserve's powerful Open Market Committee showed little change from its previous statements — which made bulls on Wall Street extremely happy.
The Dow Jones industrial average soared more than 100 points on signs the Fed wouldn't raise short-term interest rates soon.
As expected, the Fed said that it planned to end its market-friendly bond-buying program, called quantitative easing, after this month. The Fed has been purchasing Treasury and mortgage-backed securities to keep long-term interest rates low.
And the Fed showed no inclination to increase the key federal funds rate, currently near zero. In its statement, the Fed said that it plans to keep the fed funds rate at its current level for a "considerable time" after its bond-buying program ends.
Dow scores biggest gain of 2014 on Fed minutes
In March, Yellen said that "a considerable time" could mean "six months," which would put the first fed funds increase around May.
Two members of the committee, Richard Fisher, president of the Dallas Fed, and Charles Plosser, president of the Philadelphia Fed, dissented. They dissented at the July meeting as well.
The Fed's mandate is to keep the economy growing at a rate that doesn't produce inflation. In the FOMC's minutes, the Fed said that labor conditions had improved, but that the unemployment rate was little changed. Another worry: Most measures of earnings showed little increase, in part because workers were in ample supply.
Other worries:
•The housing recovery remained slow in all but a few areas, despite extremely low mortgage rates.
•Slow growth in Europe could mean a higher value for the dollar, making U.S. exports more expensive.
•Fiscal policy — that is, diminishing government spending — was restraining economic growth.
"The most relevant shift in the minutes was the focus on the dollar," says Bill Irving, portfolio manager of Fidelity Government Income fund. "It has appreciated against the euro, the yen and the pound because of persistent global economic stagnation."
And despite the Fed's easy-money approach, there's little sign that Wall Street is concerned about inflation, even in the long term," Irving says. Based on implied inflation expectations from yields on Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities (TIPS), Wall Street's long-term inflation expectations are nearly a quarter of a percentage point below the Fed's, he says.
More worrisome: The Fed will find it easier to fight inflation with rates near zero than it will find fighting economic weakness, Irving says. The Fed can raise interest rates fairly easily to combat rising prices. If the economy slumps again, "It has few bullets left," he says.
Because the financial outlook in Europe has dimmed since the Fed's last meeting, some economists think that Fed rate hikes might not start until the third quarter of 2015. The bellwether 10-year Treasury note yield has sagged to 2.38% from 3.03% at the end of 2013, despite the Fed's bond purchases, indicating low inflation and low economic activity. "The disinflationary implications of global economic slack and a stronger dollar exchange rate suggest that the first hiking of fed funds may not occur until 2015's third quarter," says John Lonski, Team Managing Director, Economics Group, at Moody's Analytics.
138 CONNECT 81 TWEET 78 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vR25yn
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

Net worth: how teams score financiallyAjax and Arsenal come out on top in European financial league
By Andrew Bolger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1abc9978-4ed3-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Startups woo Yahoo s sacked engineersStartups woo Yahoo s sacked engineers
Police Brace For Riots If Cop Who Killed Michael Brown Not ChargedMissouri Police Plan For Possible Riots If Darren Wilson Not Charged
Reuters
Updated:
10/08/2014 12:59 pm EDT
The casket of Michael Brown sits inside Friendly Temple Missionary Baptist Church awaiting the start of his funeral on Monday, Aug. 25, 2014. Brown, who is black, was unarmed when he was shot Aug. 9 in Ferguson, Mo., by Officer Darren Wilson, who is white.  Protesters took to the streets of  the St. Louis suburb night after night, calling for change and drawing national attention to issues surrounding race and policing. (AP Photo/St. Louis Post Dispatch, Robert Cohen, Pool) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
(Adds color, background)
By Tim Reid
FERGUSON, MISSOURI, Oct 7 (Reuters) - Missouri authorities  are drawing up contingency plans and seeking intelligence from  U.S. police departments on out-of-state agitators, fearing that  fresh riots could erupt if a grand jury does not indict a white  officer for killing a black teen.
The plans are being thrashed out in meetings being held two  to three times a week, according to people who have attended  them. The FBI said it was also involved in the discussions.
Details of the meetings and intelligence sharing by Missouri  police agencies and their counterparts around the country have  not been reported before.
The grand jury is expected to decide next month whether to  bring criminal charges against police officer Darren Wilson, who  shot dead Michael Brown, 18, on Aug. 9 in Ferguson, Missouri.
In differing accounts, police have said Brown struggled with  Wilson before the fatal shots were fired. But some witnesses say  Brown held up his hands and was surrendering when he was shot  multiple times in the head and chest.
If charges are not brought against Wilson, police fear an  outbreak of violence not just in the St. Louis suburb of  Ferguson, but across the greater metropolitan area and even in  other U.S. cities, according to St. Louis County Police Chief  Jon Belmar and others involved in the planning meetings.
James Knowles, the Ferguson mayor who has attended the  meetings, told Reuters the concern is "the unrest is going to be  far beyond the city of Ferguson."
Ferguson today is a city on the edge. While mostly black  residents hold small protests outside the police station each  night, gun store owners report a jump in sales to white  residents. Local business owners in the area where Brown was  shot complain about lost trade. Many storefronts remain boarded  up with plywood.
A memorial to Brown on the spot where he died, and where his  body lay uncollected for four hours, still stands, a crucifix  surrounded by teddy bears, photographs, flowers and handwritten  notes decrying his loss and the alleged brutality of police.
Brown's killing sparked days of protests in Ferguson in  August and looting that caused millions of dollars of property  damage. Police were sharply criticized for what was seen as a  heavy handed response to the protests, firing tear gas and  arresting hundreds of people.
Protestors and civil rights groups say Brown's death is part  of a national epidemic in which a disproportionately high number  of unarmed black men are fatally shot by white police officers,  an allegation police deny.
Missouri law enforcement officials have been in contact with  police chiefs in Los Angeles, New York, Florida and Cincinnati,  Ohio and other jurisdictions as they prepare for the grand jury  decision, Belmar said. Police in New York and Los Angeles did  not return calls for comment.
Of the 227 people arrested between Aug. 10 and Sept. 9 in  connection with protests over Brown's death, 36 were from  outside Missouri, including seven from New York, 12 from  Illinois and five from California, according to arrest records  provided by the St. Louis county police.
"We know outside groups visited us in August. We are  expecting that different people will come in from outside the  St. Louis area," if the grand jury decides not to indict Wilson,  Belmar said.
One focus of the meetings has been on how to respond in the  event of riots, the police chief said. Police faced a public  backlash when they initially deployed armored carriers and  carried military-style assault rifles after Brown's shooting.
Representatives of the Missouri State Highway Patrol, St.  Louis County Police, St. Louis city police and Ferguson police  have been attending the meetings, Belmar said. The top FBI  official in St. Louis, Agent William Woods, attended a strategy  meeting last week, said St. Louis FBI spokeswoman Rebecca Wu.
Plans have not been finalized. It was announced last week  that the St. Louis County Police will take the lead from the  tiny Ferguson force in patrolling the city's streets.
SIMMERING ANGER
The contingency planning comes as black and white residents  of Ferguson brace for the grand jury decision.
The nine white and three black jurors have heard evidence  from dozens of witnesses, including Wilson, who has been under  police protection at an undisclosed location since the shooting,  said Bob McCulloch, the chief St. Louis county prosecutor  overseeing the grand jury proceedings.
Police and elected officials are meeting regularly with  multi-racial citizen groups in a bid to improve community  relations, tackle concerns about police discrimination, and  avoid the turmoil that followed Brown's shooting. Civil unrest  is still the "worst case scenario," Knowles said.
Adam Weinstein, co-owner of County Guns, said sales were up  50 percent since Brown's shooting, mostly among white residents  fearful of riots who are buying Glock, Springfield and Smith & Wesson handguns, and shotguns. "They are afraid the city is  going to explode," Weinstein said, a former member of the U.S.  Navy and St. Louis firefighter with heavily tattooed arms.
At Ferguson Market and Liquor, where Brown appears on a  surveillance video pushing a store clerk before walking out with  an unpaid box of cigarillos on the morning of his death, most of  the storefront windows have been repaired after being shattered  in looting.
In August, after Brown was shot, the mood inside the store  was fearful. Today, it is one of defiance. One of the workers,  who asked not to be named, said he had brought his handgun from  home to keep in the store. "I'm ready to shoot anyone looking  for trouble," he said.
BLACK PANTHERS
Many African Americans in Ferguson seem to have little faith  in the grand jury process and expect Wilson will not be charged.  It is rare for a U.S. police officer to face criminal charges  after shooting a citizen in the line of duty.
"I do believe if Darren Wilson is not indicted you will see  a lot of carnage ... There is a lot of explosive energy," said  Tef Poe, one of the protest leaders, sitting in a makeshift  office close to where Brown was shot. On a wall sits an array of  "to do" notes, top of which reads: "Find Darren Wilson."
Poe, a rapper, was born and raised in St. Louis. His real  name is Kareem Jackson.
At a rally held by Black Lawyers for Justice in a Ferguson  church last week, eight members of the New Black Panther Party,  a black political group, provided security. They were wearing  battle fatigues and berets.
"We are tired of dead bodies in our community,"  Mauricelm-Lei Millere, an advisor to the New Black Panthers,  shouted at the audience. "We are not going to take it anymore."     (Reporting by Tim Reid, editing by Paul Thomasch and Ross  Colvin)
More:

The Fight Against Ebola Is a Fight Against Inequalityreddit
As the spread of the Ebola virus in West Africa shows, the importance of reducing inequality could not be more clear. The battle against the virus is a fight on many fronts -- human lives and health foremost among them.
But the fight against Ebola is also a fight against inequality. The knowledge and infrastructure to treat the sick and contain the virus exists in high- and middle-income counties. However, over many years, we have failed to make these things accessible to low-income people in Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone. So now thousands of people in these countries are dying because, in the lottery of birth, they were born in the wrong place.
If we do not stop Ebola now, the infection will continue to spread to other countries and even continents, as we have seen with the first Ebola case in the United States this past week. This pandemic shows the deadly cost of unequal access to basic services and the consequences of our failure to fix this problem.
The virus is spreading out of control in Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone. As a consequence, our ability to boost shared prosperity in West Africa -- and potentially the entire continent -- may be quickly disappearing.
Under the Bank's best-case scenario, Ebola will cause the loss of hundreds of millions of dollars in economic growth in the affected countries. This is a critically serious matter. These states are emerging from years of civil war and strife, both of which contributed to their low levels of per capita income. Growth is therefore essential to easing the horrible conditions in which millions of their citizens live. If the pandemic continues to jump to other countries, the growth lost could climb into the tens of billions of dollars or higher. So, unless we stop the infection's spread now, there will be little prosperity to share, to say nothing of the number of people who will be unable to partake in what remains.
The world's response to date has been inadequate, and it has been painful to see us replay old failures from previous epidemics.
At the turn of the century, HIV had infected an estimated 24 million people in Africa. While effective treatments for the virus existed for rich people, low-income people on the continent did not have access to them because of a failure of imagination and low aspirations for the poor. Some global health experts believed that providing effective HIV treatment to low-income communities was too difficult and would cost too much. Yet today, more than 10 million poor people worldwide are being treated for HIV.
We have made similar mistakes when it comes to combating Ebola in West Africa, even though we received repeated warnings from governments of the affected countries, Médecins Sans Frontières and others. So now, we're playing catch-up.
To determine how we could contribute to a coordinated response, the World Bank Group identified infectious disease experts who have on-the-ground experience implementing complex containment and treatment protocols in low-income countries. We sent them to Guinea and Liberia. Based on what they saw, they have told us that, if we make an enormous surge now, we can treat the sick and contain the virus. The infrastructure we need is not that difficult to build and we have protocols to limit the infection's spread. Most importantly, they have told us that further delay will make an effective response exponentially more difficult.
We're now moving quickly to do our part. The World Bank Group has transferred $105 million in emergency funding to Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone to ensure their governments have cash to purchase equipment and services essential to fighting Ebola. Overall, we have pledged $400 million to support treatment and containment. And we have devoted our considerable analytical resources to show that acting now will save hundreds of millions, if not tens of billions of dollars.
Other parts of the coordinated global response are also taking place. In the last few weeks, we have seen significant action from President Obama and the United States; the British and French governments are also stepping up their efforts.
Still, because of the epidemic's scope and rapid growth, more progress is needed. If the worst-case scenario comes true, and the CDC's estimate that as many as 1.4 million people could become infected, the virus' impact will be truly global.
Concerned citizens need to demand immediate deployments of capital and human resources to the affected countries. Otherwise, thousands more will die needless deaths and an economic catastrophe may take place.
(Photo Credit: © Bindra/UNICEF)
Don't miss our special series in recognition of the threats posed by Ebola, particularly to West Africa. To see all the posts in the series, read here .
Follow Jim Yong Kim on Twitter: www.twitter.com/worldbank
More:

Former CNN Employee Alleges Race And Age Discrimination In Wrongful Termination Suitreddit
A Los Angeles-based producer is suing CNN for wrongful termination, accusing the cable news network of race and age discrimination.
Stanley Wilson , described as a "51-year-old African- and Latino-American," worked for CNN for more than 17 years, including almost 14 years as a field producer out of the LA bureau, according to court documents obtained by Deadline.com . He covered events like 9/11, Hurricane Katrina, the 2012 elections and the "Black In America" documentary series. He was the first African-American man to earn a producer position in Los Angeles when he was promoted in 2003.
But that was the only promotion Wilson got at CNN, the documents state.
Although he applied for "a dozen" jobs throughout the next 10 years, he did not get any, according to the court documents. However, younger, less experienced, white employees were allegedly promoted to positions he sought.
Wilson claims Peter Janos, who was promoted to vice president and bureau chief of the Western region in 2004, was to blame. Janos allegedly "demonstrated that he never liked [Wilson] and never wanted him at the bureau because of [Wilson's] protected characteristics, including his race, color, and ancestry, among other things." Wilson says he filed multiple complaints about Janos, who he says "ruled the Los Angeles bureau through fear and intimidation," and the cultural climate at the office.
On Jan. 7, a story Wilson wrote came under scrutiny. Three sentences allegedly resembled the text of another outlet's story without attribution. The copy editor who reviewed the piece reported it to Janos. An audit of Wilson's work was conducted, and he was ultimately terminated on Jan. 28.
Wilson alleges the firing was a "grossly disproportionate" response. He claims he was terminated because of his race, age and the prior discrimination complaints he made. He is claiming emotional distress, anxiety and depression and is seeking $5 million in damages.
A spokesperson for CNN declined to comment when contacted by The Huffington Post.
Also on HuffPost:

English Premier League explores global expansionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rahul Gandhi taunts Narendra Modi over inaction against Pak  China atrocitiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

FII inflows into equities may top $25 billion this fiscal: Expertseconomy
(After growing at under 5…)
MUMBAI: As the Indian economy is showing signs of recovery, foreign institutional investors are expected to pump in more funds into equities, which may take their total exposure in the country to as high as USD 35 billion this fiscal, say experts.
"If all goes well and GDP continues to grow at the current levels, we could expect FII flows into the equities to touch USD 25 billion within the next one year," DSP Black Rock MF president and chief investment officer S Naganath told PTI on the sidelines of a Ficci-organised capital markets summit here today.
After growing at under 5 per cent for two consecutive fiscals, the economy grew at 5.7 per cent in the first quarter of 2014-15. While the government has projected a near 6 per cent growth for the full fiscal, the Reserve Bank has pegged it at 5.5 per cent.
"FIIs have already pumped in USD 14 billion into the domestic equities so far this fiscal and it is all set to increase next year," Naganath said, adding that they will be focusing on the defensive sectors and gradually to mid-segments.
However, India Ratings' managing director and chief executive Atul Joshi sees the overall FII inflows topping USD 35 billion this fiscal.
"We do hope that this trend will continue and FII inflows may cross the mark of USD 35 billion or more by the end of the fiscal," he said.
"Typically, foreign inflows will happen in defensive sectors like banking, IT and pharma. The way the country moves and its GDP moves, different sectors become attractive accordingly. Mid-segment sectors like cement, steel, textile, auto and even real estate may also see the inflow of foreign capital in days to come," Joshi said.
After pulling out nearly USD 15 billion from the country last fiscal following the US Federal Reserve's talk of tapering its stimulus programme, which hit the rupee hard, FIIs have returned to the market in a big way.
The stock market rally following the BJP victory in the general elections since May has catapulted the BSE 30-stock index, Sensex, by close to 29 per cent, year-on-year.
The total exposure of FIIs in the domestic market is USD 25 billion, with USD 11 billion in the government bonds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil stocks on fire; surge about 5 per centOil stocks on fire; are they the best bet on Street as crude slips below $91?
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 05.07PM IST
(The oil marketing companies…)
MUMBAI: The oil marketing companies are in demand following a sharp correction in global crude oil prices. The Brent crude oil has plunged to a 27-month low on concerns of a slowdown in global economic growth and oil glut.
The International Monetary Fund has cut global growth forecast and that for emerging market economies as a whole. The IMF expects the global economy to grow by 3.8 per cent next year, lower than its July forecast of 4 per cent.
Economic data from Europe and China are weak. The Energy Information Administration (EIA) has cuts monthly price forecast on increase in output and reduced demand. The US crude stocks are above 5-year average at 356.64 million barrels. The output from the US fields is at a 25-year high, say reports. According to analysts, the falling global crude oil prices are a boon for the oil marketing companies (OMCs) and the Indian economy.
The under-recoveries due to diesel subsidies are nil and if the crude oil prices continue to slip lower, the OMCs are expected to make some profits as well. Media reports suggest the government may deregulate diesel prices by the end of October
"With crude oil prices coming down, the subsidy becoming lower with multiple price rises and whatever the government plans to do augur well for oil marketing companies. Our analyst would recommend BPCL more than others for track record, efficiency and several other reasons," said Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL Group.
There are lots of expectations from the government on the oil & gas sector reforms. It is expected to soon take a decision on gas price hike as well. Analysts are of the view that oil marketing companies have already rallied on the hopes of diesel deregulation and decline in crude oil prices.
"Despite this reasonably sharp correction that we saw in the oil prices towards the later part of September, we did not see a similarly encouraging move on the oil marketing companies. It was because they had already run up reasonably well and that is all in the price," said Tushar Mahajan, Head of Derivatives (Head of Listed Futures & Options, India), Nomura, to ET Now.
"But going forward, the action on these stocks is probably going to be limited by the way oil prices are moving. If at all we begin to hear something around the diesel deregulation issue, is unsure. So, the market is probably now going to look at what the government does. It will look for clarity of these issues," he added. Analysts at Deutsche Bank are of the view that diesel subsidy elimination will be the first step in momentous oil & gas sector reforms that will eventually lead to fuel subsidy rationalization and kick-start investments in the sector.
"This will not only revive the sector, but also dramatically improve operating cash flow / RoEs," the report said.
"We see compelling shareholder value creation in ONGC, BPCL, Oil India and Reliance Ind over the next 3 years, driven by reforms and commissioning of new capacities," the report added.
At 02:10 pm, IOC was up 5.04 per cent, HPCL rallied 4.63 per cent, BPCL gained 3.31 per cent, ONGC was 1.86 per cent higher and Reliance advanced 1.40 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alcoas plan to sidestep a slowing China just might be workingAlcoa’s plan to sidestep a slowing China just might be working
Written by
Brian Browdie
October 8, 2014
Alcoa is hoping that an uptick in aluminum prices and demand for lightweight alloys will offset a slowdown in shipments to China.(AP Photo/Gene Puskar)
SHARE
Brian Browdie
October 8, 2014
The numbers: Good. The aluminum giant reported net income of $149 million for the third quarter, up from $24 million from the same period a year earlier. Revenue rose to $6.2 billion, an increase of 8% from a year ago.
The takeaway: Aluminum prices are up. Alcoa’s results reflect rising prices for the metal, which rose about 19% throughout the three months ended August 30, to about $2,100 a ton. The company is also benefitting from demand for lightweight metals among makers of aircraft and automobiles. In June, Alcoa agreed to buy Firth Rixson , a maker of components for jet engines, for $2.9 billion. In July, Alcoa inked a deal to supply $1.1 billion worth of aluminum over the next decade to Pratt & Whitney for use in jet engine components. Last month, Alcoa made  a similar pact to supply aluminum sheet and plate products to Boeing.
Share
Tap image to zoom
What’s interesting: By setting its sights on selling the lightweight layers that envelop the latest generation of planes and automobiles, including the Ford F-150 pickup , which is due in showrooms later this year, Alcoa is hedging its bets on a Chinese economy that looks increasingly sluggish . (In recent years, the company had boosted sales by selling aluminum to manufacturers in China’s transportation, construction and beverage industries.) Still, Alcoa and other metal makers cannot unhitch their fortunes completely from China, which is among the top producers of aluminum worldwide . Though most of the metal made in China stays in China, in July the country shipped 14% more aluminum to the rest of the world than it had a year earlier . And that exported supply is keeping downward pressure on prices for the metal, despite industry efforts to cut down production.
Share this:

Hint of rejig in online retail ruleHint of rejig in online retail rule
Action against Maruti likely for unfair trad...Govt may take action against Maruti for unfair trade practice
By ET Bureau | 9 Oct, 2014, 08.38AM IST
The move follows a complaint filed by former Railways Minister and MP Dinesh Trivedi, who claimed to have received many complaints. 
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
MUMBAI: The consumer affairs ministry is considering legal action against Maruti Suzuki for taking orders for its new mid-size sedan Ciaz even before publicly displaying the car or revealing its technical specifications or price. The move follows a complaint filed by former Railways Minister and MP Dinesh Trivedi , who claimed to have received many complaints from the public about the company taking pre-launch booking.
In a letter to Maruti Suzuki, the largest unit of Japanese auto maker Suzuki Motor , the ministry called it an unfair trade practice and asked why it shouldn't initiate action against the company. The government move is likely to have a wide-ranging impact, as other carmakers also adopt similar marketing strategies to rustle up interest in new products.
The Consumer Protection Act "probookvides a consumer the right to be informed about the quality, quantity, potency, purity, standard and price of goods so as to protect the consumer against unfair trade practices", Manoj Parida , joint secretary at the ministry, wrote in the letter addressed to the chairman and managing director of Maruti Suzuki, India's largest carmaker by volume. The letter, dated September 23, which EThas reviewed, stated that in the "modern days of total transparency", the manner in which the sale of this new car is being promoted amounted to "misleading" consumers.
It called the company's response to Trivedi as unacceptable. According to Trivedi, a Maruti executive had responded to his complaint by informing him that the customers had the option of considering newspaper reviews and not booking the car. The ministry has asked the company to provide complete details of the pre-launch booking programme, and explain why action under the Consumer Protection Act, 1986, such as filing a suit by the central government should not be taken.
In an email response to ET's query, a Maruti Suzuki spokesperson defended its marketing strategy, saying its "accepting bookings for the Ciaz is in no way an unfair trade practice and nor does it violate consumer rights". The booking is completely voluntary for customers and entirely at their discretion, the spokesperson said.
"The company accepts a token amount which is adjusted against the price of the car at the time of purchase. Customers are free to cancel their booking at any stage in which case the token booking amount is fully refunded." Mahindra & Mahindra, which recently launched its new-generation Scorpio sport-utility vehicle with a similar strategy, declined to comment.
Carmakers such as Honda with the Amaze and Mobilio, Hyundai with the i10 Grand and Tata Motors with Zest have invited bookings without revealing prices and technical specifications. Legal experts aren't sure whether the ministry and Trivedi have a strong case.
"The customer can file a complaint that the strategy of Maruti Suzuki violates the rights of consumer guaranteed under the Consumer Protection Act 1986, but the (consumer disputes redressal) forum will take up an issue in totality," said Chandubhai Mehta , managing partner of Mumbai-headquartered law firm Dhruve Liladhar & Co. "The complainant will have to prove that this is not a normal practice within the trade and the company is unfairly treating its potential customers."

Taxman says Uber is liable for service taxTax authorities say Uber liable for service tax, seek information from India subsidiary
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 08.14AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(“All payments on the Uber…)
NEW DELHI: Uber, the taxi app that became popular in India by offering luxury car rides for a little more than the regular fare, could run into trouble with India's service tax authorities in the first such inquiry against a foreign service provider in the ecommerce space. This comes shortly after the company was recently forced to fall in line by the Reserve Bank of India , which insisted that it couldn't sidestep credit card security norms.
"We believe the company is liable for service tax since it is delivering a taxable service," a service tax department official in Mumbai who's aware of the development told ET. "We have sought details from Uber's Indian arm." Service tax authorities have sought information from Uber's India subsidiary, which provides systems support to the company, over non-payment of the levy.
The company said it was in compliance with local laws and paid taxes in all countries in which it was present. "Uber complies with all applicable tax laws, and pays the relevant tax in every territory it operates in," a company spokesperson said in an email. "Across 10 cities in India, Uber employs many local employees, in addition to empowering thousands of driver partners to become small business owners, earning a good living through the Uber platform."
Uber BV has no India office
"All payments on the Uber system are cashless and fully traceable in an industry that has been notoriously cashbased for years," the spokesperson addded.
In India, all services attract tax at the rate of 12% unless it's included in a negative list or specifically exempted by the government. Taxi services are not in the list and are therefore liable to pay.
Uber users register their credit card details with the company, which uses that to charge for rides. Cab drivers and owners enter into tie-ups with Uber, for which the company charges a 20% commission. The company has an Indian entity — Uber India Systems Pvt Ltd -- but it operates in the country through Netherlandsbased Uber BV . Service tax authorities say it's the first time they are dealing with a case in which an overseas mobile application is providing services used by Indians.
Uber doesn't have an India office or a representative in the country, which makes the task of tax authorities difficult, they said. "We have recorded a statement of officials from the Indian entity," said the official. Though the investigation is currently restricted to Mumbai, the department is looking to expand this to places where the company has a presence. Rival cab service providers pay service tax and thus tax authorities do not see any reason for Uber not to do so. Service tax is liable only on revenue above Rs 10 lakh and an individual cab driver may not attract tax if turnover is lower than the threshold. But in the case of Uber, the tax authorities are going to take into account combined turnover.
Globally, the taxation of e-commerce companies is under intense focus as they overturn traditional models of doing business. The OECD and the G20 have begun discussions on how countries should tackle taxation in the e-commerce space that poses fresh challenges to tax authorities as companies avoid tax by operating through multiple jurisdictions.
The US company gained customers after it offered high-end cars such as Audis and BMWs to users. Rides are paid for by card without the need for two-factor authentication, which requires users to key in a PIN.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent touches fresh 27-month trough below $91 per barrelBrent touches fresh 27-month trough below $91 per barrel
AMD s CEO steps down  COO takes overAMD s CEO steps down  COO takes over
Is the smartphone your better halfOct 08, 2014 at 04:40pm IST
Is the smartphone your better half?
2
0
Sydney: Is the smartphone your new partner? A survey says so, suggesting that most people check their mobile phones on an average of 1,500 times a week, that too even before the sun rises.
After analysing the smartphone habits of 2,000 Britons, digital marketing agency Tecmark found that smartphone users were picking up their phones early in the morning and staying up with them till 11.21 p.m. on an average.
While 40 per cent checked their personal emails as their first task of the day, 31 percent made their first task checking Facebook.
Most people check their mobile phones on an average of 1,500 times a week, that too even before the sun rises.
#mobile phone #smartphone #internet
Nearly 70 per cent said they used their phone in public to make themselves "look" busy.
"While 11 percent of users picked up their phone for the first time before 6 a.m., up to 13 percent said they stopped using their phones only after midnight," the results showed.
Sixteen percent checked the news on their phones as their first task but 39 percent looked at personal emails first, a report in Sydney Morning Herald said.
"Women checked work emails once a day and men a bit more than twice a day. Personal email-checking occurred about four times a day for both genders," researchers noted.
Men played games more often than women - three times a day - while women played twice a day on average.
Women sent an average of six text messages a day and men sent five, the findings showed.
9

Ceasefire violation: India gives free hand to security forces to deal with Pak firing  say sources12
0
New Delhi: India on Wednesday toughened its stand on Pakistan with sources saying that the Centre has given a free hand to the security forces along the border to deal with Pakistan firing as they saw fit.
"The PM has told the NSA (National Security Advisor) that there is no question of succumbing to Pakistan. The PM said that there will be no talks with the Pakistan border forces till firing stops," the sources said.
There has been no end to the ceasefire violations by Pakistan in the month of October. On Wednesday, two civilians were killed and six injured in fresh firing at Samba along the international border.
#pakistan #ceasefire violation #jammu and kashmir #narendra modi
The firing has stopped as of now but the situation remains tense.
Pakistani troops have also been resorting to mortar shelling beyond the international border in interior areas. Villagers have been advised to stay indoors.
MoS PMO Jitendra Singh, who is at the Indo-Pak border firing zone, told CNN-IBN that he hoped the situation would normalise in a few days.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh, meanwhile, has directed the Border Security Force (BSF) to continue retaliating to Pak firing.
Sources say that a decision on a flag meet between the two countries will take place depending on the situation on Wednesday night.
Seven people have died and more than 60 injured in the incessant firing by Pakistani troops over the past eight days.
270

Are You a Leader Who Laughsreddit
The first day I walked into Miss Amos's literature class, I was scared. Not because of the subject or the fact that this was my first day in a new school -- but frightened by her face.
I took my seat and slid around to look at her squarely. Her nose was, well, huge, and curved sharply toward the left cheekbone. Big dark bags hung under piercing dark eyes. Her cheeks sunk in and then exploded into an oddly shaped, over-sized mouth. Her silver hair was parted perfectly straight and combed flat -- down to her ears, then was held in place by a tight row of pin curls around the edges. Below her neck, everything else seemed normal in her smartly tailored dress.
She turned to the board behind her and wrote silently in big bold print: MISS AMOS. Turning to face us again, she said dryly, "You'll notice there's no period after the Miss. That makes it all too final. I'm still hoping."
The class laughed uneasily, and that began my junior year with Miss Amos.
By October, her huge bulletin board bulged with mums and green ribbons, each sprouting a football player's glittering number. Two days before the homecoming game, the bulletin board had mums three rows deep inside the flowered frame. Her explanation? Former students sent them "just because."
Later that year, a student sauntered into class late, mumbling apologies about oversleeping. Miss Amos harrumphed, with her dry wit: "Chris, if you're sleeping more than three hours a night, you're sleeping your life away. At age 18 do you know how much of your life you've already missed?" Chris slid into his seat sheepishly. But as she surveyed the room with her sardonic smile, the comment was not lost on the rest of us. (Nor, apparently, was it lost on Chris, for that matter. He's now our state senator.)
Miss Amos taught us to research, to speak, to write, to think, and to persuade. I'm still drawing from the well she dug in my life -- mostly through the use of homespun humor wrapped around a heart of love.
By May, I hardly noticed her face anymore. I'm guessing most other students forgot about it also. Miss Amos has a school named after her now.
Humor hides a multitude of unattractive physical features, petty habits, and personality quirks that might otherwise irritate people. With the pressures of leadership, you have a choice -- to get upset or to get a laugh. Getting upset boosts your blood pressure; laughing and a lighthearted culture can boost your productivity and your influence.
So if you want to expand your communication style as a leader by adding more laughter, consider these tips:
Look for the positive in negative situations.
Respond in a lighthearted rather than heavy-handed way to tension in relationships.
Take a lighthearted approach to brainstorming and problem-solving in meetings. Allow time for a chuckle.
Consider your word choices carefully in sensitive situations. Use the tactful, positive, or neutral word rather than the potentially offensive or negative phrasing.
Learn how to tell a good story or anecdote to illustrate your points -- even in formal business presentations or business meetings.
Add lighthearted background music to your special events.
Learn to laugh at yourself. Understand that your reputation, respect, ego, career, or future is not on the line with every mistake, decision, circumstance, or situation that develops.
Practice a little self-deprecating humor in front of others -- admit a few mistakes, errors in judgment, or wrong decisions by telling funny stories on yourself. You'll likely see that others' opinions of you rise rather than fall. Their admiration and appreciation will likely grow because of your willingness to be vulnerable.
Give others permission to laugh at your mistakes without malice. When someone cracks a joke or delivers a one-liner at your expense, rather than be defensive, enjoy the humor yourself. Others take their cue from you. Assume no ill will on their part until you have proof that they actually meant to embarrass you. (When that's the case, you'll want to talk with them privately about the underlying cause.)
Remember to test your own motives in humor toward others. Genuine humor leaves no sting. Never disguise a "message" to someone in a humorous barb. Humor should strengthen and heal, not weaken and hurt, relationships.
To paraphrase an old German Proverb: "A person shows their character by what they find funny --or not."  Laughter engages, connects, and expands your influence as a leader.
Follow Dianna Booher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DiannaBooher
More:

Google to surpass $1 bn in revenue from India in FY15Google on its way to surpass $1 billion in revenue from India in FY15
By Jayadevan PK , ET Bureau | 9 Oct, 2014, 04.31AM IST
0
Share More
Google crossed Rs 3,000 crore in revenue for the year ending March 2014, up 47% from the year before. Globally, the Google’s revenue in 2013 was $58 billion.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: In the great Indian ecommerce race, the real winner is a company which isn't even on the race track — Google, the US-based search giant. The California-based company, sources said, is on its way to clocking over $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) in revenue from India in the year to March 2015, helped along by heavy spending by ecommerce firms.
According to company filings, Google crossed Rs 3,000 crore in revenue for the year ending March 2014, up 47% from the year before. Globally, the Google's revenue in 2013 was $58 billion.
"Marketing budgets have gone through the roof. It's highly competitive these days and whoever pays the most for a keyword wins the race," said Vasudevan T, a former head of digital marketing at Myntra who is now the CEO of online coaching company Coatom.
For companies like Google, Facebook and Twitter, India has been a paradox. While their largest user base outside of the United States lives in India, making money in the market has been tough. However, with cashrich ecommerce companies like Flipkart and Amazon looking to acquire more customers, online advertising has seen a significant increase.
"There will be a surge in the digital ad spends by these companies, and we are already seeing this," said Nilotpal Chakravarti, who heads media and research at the Internet and Mobile Association of India. Ecommerce companies are already one of the top spenders in the digital advertising market. Of the total digital advertising spend, nearly 18% came from ecommerce, according to IAMAI.
"When I saw our online spends the first time, I almost fell off my chair," said Ruksh Chatterji, who ran the apparel business for Jabong until February 2014. "Google is a large player in display and search engine marketing that are the key pillars of ecommerce advertising," said Chatterji, who is now vice president of India Operations at digital media network Komli Media.
For ecommerce companies, search is the biggest marketing channel along with social media. Typically, online businesses spend close to 25% of their topline on marketing. However, in the case of ecommerce, it could go up to 50%, said Vasudevan. Google, which considers India as one of its fastest-growing markets, is also making large investments to the country. Recently, under an ambitious Android One initiative, Google brought local manufacturers together to bring down cost of mobile phones. Google declined to comment on its revenue from India.
While revenue is growing, Google is also entangled in tax disputes. The company booked at total of Rs 311 crore as "income tax paid under protest" for assessment years 2007-13 as it continues to litigate tax claims made by Indian authorities.

AutoMD  Inc. Announces Strategic Investments by Federal-Mogul Motorparts and Cox AutomotiveAutoMD  Inc. Announces Strategic Investments by Federal-Mogul Motorparts and Cox Automotive
Oil service providers to invest $2.1 bln in Ecuador -govtOil service providers to invest $2.1 bln in Ecuador -govt
RBI weighs assured returns for private equity fundsRBI weighs assured returns for private equity funds
Corporate India prefers commercial papers route to raise cheap moneyCorporate India prefers commercial papers route to raise cheap money
Dallas hospitals set up Ebola wards as city watches for spreadDallas hospitals set up Ebola wards as city watches for spread
India operations will continue to go strong: YahooIndia operations will continue to go strong: Yahoo
You re Using Your Sunglasses All Wrongreddit
Have you ever wanted to watch video on your phone but didn't have a stand handy?
Well, this technique fixes that problem in mere seconds, and all you need is a pair of sunglasses (or regular glasses, if you can see without them). Watch the clever demonstration above to see how it's done.
We were curious, so we tested it out, too. Success!
Also on HuffPost:

Facebook Possibly Planning A Secret New Use For Messenger  Leaked Screenshots Revealreddit
Many people don't want to trust Facebook with their real names. Now new evidence suggests that Facebook wants people to trust them with their money.
Last summer, Facebook starting forcing users to switch to a separate messaging app , Facebook Messenger. We knew Facebook was trying to diversity and take over your phone with this move, but some leaked screenshots hint that it's going to use Messenger to create a Venmo-like service for people to pay their Facebook friends.
If Facebook's service is like the popular payment app Venmo, it will allow people to pay each other for anything they like, whether it's rent money or a cab ride. People use the free app to pay their friends by hooking Venmo up to their bank accounts.
Some leaked screenshots show what looks like a payment service . Security researcher and iOS developer Andrew Aude tweeted the following screenshots of code on Saturday:
— Andrew Aude (@andyplace2) October 4, 2014
Forensics researcher Jonathan Zdziarski tweeted the following on Sept. 9:
Not necessarily the best design to keep credit card details in Objective-C objects in resident memory. But meh. pic.twitter.com/aIUpovBkB1
— Jonathan Zdziarski (@JZdziarski) September 9, 2014
Facebook declined to comment to The Huffington Post.
This development shouldn't come as a huge surprise, since PayPal's president, David Marcus, moved to Facebook to lead the company's messaging products last summer. Still, it's hard to imagine people trusting Facebook with their money, since the social media company has been so sketchy with people's private data .
The last time Facebook tried to get into e-commerce (with "Facebook Gifts") it didn't go so well. Facebook discontinued this feature last July.
More:

Should you buy property during the festive seasonIs the Festive Season a Right Time to Invest in Property?
By CommonFloor | CommonFloor.com –  Fri 19 Sep, 2014 2:46 PM IST
Home Improvement Guide
What is Single Window Clearance Mechanism? Why is it Important?
CommonFloor.com
In India, the realty market is often governed by religious sentiments of consumers. Many a buyers prefer to book or buy flats on auspicious days; no wonder that almost all major developers come up with many attractive festive offers between October and March every year. In fact, it would not be an exaggeration to say that the advent of the festive season triggers a healthy buzz in the market. Having said that, as a rational and level-headed buyer, you must analyze if it is really profitable to invest in the property market during the festive season.
Given below are some points that will help you decide if the festive offers from developers are worth a consideration.
Do not fall for offers that are a farce
Many investors prefer cash discounts over freebies such as gold coins or foreign holidays; however, it depends on the unique needs and desires of a family. If you have been planning a holiday for quite some time now, then it is a fair deal if you buy from a builder who offers free holidays with the property purchase. Similarly, if you are one of those who compulsorily buy gold during the festive season, then even a gold deal is better than a no deal. However, make sure that you compare the advertised price of the property before the introduction of the festive offer and ensure that the developer has not hiked the price before introducing the offer.
Look for meaningful festive offers that help you realize your real estate dreams
Some developers introduce festive offers in which the buyers do not have to pay any EMI until occupation of the property. While developers are smart enough to increase the price of the property in advance to cover the interest charges till construction, it is not a bad deal for families who have ready down payment, but have low salaries to cover EMI for the next few months or a year. If one is sure that the income is going to increase in the next couple of years, then buying when such offers are released can help you realize your dream of owning your own home faster than it would have been otherwise possible.
Ensure that you are benefiting from the offer
When a developer releases an offer, he is surely trying to recompense for the expense incurred for the offer by increasing the base rate of the property. The purpose of buying during the festive season is to benefit from the offer. Festive offer or no offer, the motto of consumers should be to buy the desired property at the lowest possible price.
As mentioned earlier, all developers want to make the most of the festive season and of the prevailing market sentiment during festivals and auspicious dates. We must research thoroughly, analyse our financial predicament and then determine on a deal that is most lucrative for the family.
Buy, Sell, Rent & Manage your property at: CommonFloor.com
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Carlos Slim: 3-day work week will happenCarlos Slim: The 3-day work week will happen
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 October 9, 2014: 8:34 AM ET
 
Carlos Slim wants a 3-Day work week
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The richest man in the world thinks you're working too much.
Carlos Slim, the Mexican telecom tycoon worth over $80 billion, believes life would be better with a three-day work week.
"You should have more time for you during all of your life -- not when you're 65 and retired," Slim told CNNMoney's Christine Romans on Tuesday.
But if Slim had his way, people would also work longer days and much later in life. He suggested 11-hour shifts and pushing the retirement age to 75.
Slim raised eyebrows over the summer by calling for a three-day work week , but he doubled down on that proposal on Tuesday.
"I am sure it will happen," the 74-year-old told CNNMoney, though he conceded he's not sure when.
While "machines should work 24 hours and services should work as much as possible," Slim said people deserve more time for entertainment, family and to train for better jobs.
Related: World's shortest work weeks
He also believes the radical change would give younger workers more opportunity to enter the workforce and be a positive for the economy and financial markets.
"It's a society of knowledge and experience. You have better experience and knowledge when you are 60, 65 and 70," Slim said.
The $83 billion man: It's an interesting idea considering the source: a self-made billionaire who Forbes estimates is worth about $83 billion. Slim has been alternating the crown for the world's richest man with Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 )founder Bill Gates, whose wealth is valued at nearly $81 billion.
Slim got into investing before he even entered high school, buying his first bond at just 12 years old and stocks a year or two later.
Related: What if you only worked 3 days a week
While Slim's family was well off, he eventually built an empire on his own through a series of savvy investments.
One of his biggest holdings is America Movil ( AMOV ), the Latin American telecom giant. The company's shares spiked earlier this year after Slim unveiled plans to sell off assets in response to new anti-monopoly and media laws in Mexico .
On the other hand, soft gold and copper prices have been a thorn in the side of Minera Frisco ( MSNFY ), Slim's mining company.
Related: Hardest working countries
More real investment needed: Still, Slim said it's a great time to be an investor thanks to rock-bottom interest rates from global central banks trying to encourage growth.
"Low interest rates are a big opportunity for investment. But the issue is that this money should go to the real economy, not the financial economy," Slim said.
His comments echo concerns about companies spending too much on financial engineering like stock buybacks rather than capital expenditures that drive growth and hiring.
"It is mainly going to the financial economy. If we take part of it to the real economy and develop infrastructure and other investments, we will have construction, employment and better salaries," he said.
Slim declined to throw his weight behind recent calls for workers to get paid higher wages though.
He conceded prices may have grown faster than wages, but he believes salaries will rise along with stronger growth, increased productivity and technological advances.
First Published: October 8, 2014: 7:09 AM ET
Most Popular

Ebola fears slam European travel stocksEbola fears slam European travel stocks
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff October 8, 2014: 8:43 AM ET
 
Ebola could cost West Africa $33 billion
LONDON (CNNMoney)
European markets are taking a beating from all sides. First Russia, then recession, now Ebola.
Monday's news that a medical worker had contracted Ebola in Spain sent European travel stocks into a deep dive.
Shares in IAG -- which owns British Airways and Spanish carrier Iberia -- and cruise ship operator Carnival ( CUK ) have dropped by about 8.5% over the last two days.
Spain is a major holiday destination for travelers from Northern Europe.
Investors are worried that tourists may opt to stay home if Ebola spreads in Europe. The threat of travel restrictions and screenings is also causing concern.
"If there is a loss of confidence in the safety of being in Spain, then that will be a big issue," said Douglas McNeill, investment director at Charles Stanley Direct.
The Spanish nursing assistant became ill after caring for a missionary infected in West Africa. The missionary died after being brought to the hospital where she worked.
U.S. travel stocks fell this month when it emerged that a man infected with Ebola had flown on a commercial flight to the U.S. from Africa, bypassing screening.
Many European airlines have been canceling flights to African countries that have been hit by the outbreak.
But it's not just European airline stocks that are suffering this week. Ebola fears have hit a range of companies.
Shares in InterContinental Hotels ( IHG ) dropped by about 5% as investors fear that the wider travel industry could suffer.
And French conglomerate Bollore ( BOIVF ) -- which has a significant logistics business in Africa -- saw its shares drop by as much as 20% over the past two days before trimming those losses.
London Mining, already slammed by a sharp fall in iron ore prices, has been brought to the brink of collapse as it struggles to operate in Sierra Leone. It shares plunged 75% Wednesday, virtually wiping out investors.
Related: Gold is back en vogue as investors worry
The Ebola outbreak has claimed nearly 3,500 lives. The countries hardest hit are Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
The World Bank predicted Wednesday that if the epidemic were to spread to neighboring countries, the financial impact on West Africa could hit $32.6 billion by the end of next year.
First Published: October 8, 2014: 8:43 AM ET
Most Popular

Geithner and Boies clash over AIG bailoutGeithner and Boies clash over AIG bailout
By Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/52c24848-4f07-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Everything will be fine soon  says PM Narendra Modi as 2 more die in Pakistan firingComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Wednesday 'everything will be fine soon' on the border a day after India summoned the Pakistani deputy high commissioner in New Delhi to lodge a strong protest over repeated ceasefire violations.
At least 17 civilians have been killed and dozens wounded so far on both sides of the border after a week of some of the most intense fighting between India and Pakistan in about a decade.
The violence has further strained relations between the two countries that hit a low after New Delhi called off bilateral talks in August following the Pakistani high commissioner’s meeting with Kashmiri separatist leaders.
“Everything will be fine soon,” Modi told reporters at a function in New Delhi to mark the 82nd Air Force day.
Read: India summons Pak envoy over row
HT has learnt that India has taken up the ceasefire violation issue with Pakistan more than once in the past week as part of the “diplomatic initiatives” to end the impasse. According to sources, the Pakistan envoy was told on Tuesday that “unprovoked firing from across the border that also continues to target civilians” must stop.
Fighting intensified along the international border on Tuesday night and carried on till morning as Pakistani troops hit about 50 Indian outposts and three dozen hamlets with mortars and machine guns, killing two women of a family and wounding at least 15.
Read: India adopting Israel model against Pakistan: Bilawal
Intelligence sources said India hit back by pounding 37 Pakistani posts that left about 15 dead and damaged several Pakistan Rangers outposts. “Our troops at all the places gave a strong and befitting reply to firing from Pakistan,” a Border Security Force (BSF) spokesperson said.
The BSF has given a detailed report of the situation to the ministry of external affairs to diplomatically take up the issue with Pakistan. BSF chief DK Pathak will meet Union home minister Rajnath Singh and National Security Adviser (NSA) Ajit Doval on Thursday to give an account of the situation on the ground.
Thousands have fled their homes on both sides of the 192-kilometre international border since the fighting broke on Sunday night.
Analysts say the violence comes at a time when Pakistan's army is taking a more assertive role in the country’s politics while India has toughened its stance ahead of assembly elections this month.
Read: We should be valorous against Pak tactics
Islamabad summoned India’s deputy high commissioner JP Singh on Monday to lodge a protest over alleged ceasefire violations by India and raised the pitch by lodging a protest with the UN Military Observer Group over what it termed as India’s aggression.
However, India maintains the UN body has outlived its utility and all bilateral issues should be discussed under the framework of the Simla agreement and Lahore declaration. The ceasefire pact of 2003 is seen as the most important confidence-building measure between the two sides.
India and Pakistan exchange fire on the border sporadically but this year has been particularly volatile as Jammu and Kashmir is due for assembly polls and Pakistan typically ratchets up border tensions every time the state holds elections.
Read: India to continue tough response to Pakistan firing
A terse eight-minute phone conversation on Tuesday between officers of the Directorate-General of Military Operations of India and Pakistan ended with brigadiers from both sides trading accusations.
The moderate wing of the Kashmiri separatist group Hurriyat Conference asked both countries to end hostilities along the border and resume the stalled dialogue process to resolve outstanding issues.
(With inputs from Rajesh Ahuja and agencies)

Shelling continues at Indo-Pak border  18 000 civilians flee homesAjit Doval
(India and Pakistan also…)
SRINAGAR | NEW DELHI: The death toll in India rose to 12 and civilians fled the areas straddling the Line of Control (LoC) in the Kashmir valley and international border in the Jammu region in large numbers as Indian and Pakistani troops continued to exchange fire and engage in their most serious confrontation in over a decade.
India and Pakistan also sparred at the United Nations over the ceasefire violations and New Delhi made it clear that its armed forces are "fully ready" to respond to "provocation".
Attending an Indian Air Force function, Prime Minister Narendra Modi assured the nation that "everything will be fine soon". Retaliatory fire from the Indian side had inflicted massive damage on the other side of the border, and as per latest reports, over a dozen casualties have been reported.
Meanwhile, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval held a high-level meeting, attended by home secretary Anil Goswami, Intelligence Bureau chief Syed Ibrahim and BSF representatives, on the situation in border. Goswami was briefed about the situation by Director General of the BSF, DK Pathak, who is in Jammu. The three Service chiefs also met defence minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday. Pakistan's National Security Committee is expected to meet on Friday.
A senior BSF official said Indian forces had retaliated to machine gun and mortar attacks on about 60 positions along over 200-km stretch of the border on Wednesday. Some 18,000 Indian civilians have fled their homes in the lowlands around Jammu due to the fighting, and have taken refuge in schools and relief camps.
Unofficial figures put their number at more than 30,000.
BSF chief Pathak said Pakistani troops were targeting residential areas because they weren't able to cause significant damages to the BSF posts. "They are targeting the residential areas because they think that they are not being able to cause any huge damage to the BSF posts, which is wrong and should not happen," said Pathak adding that there are no talks about flag meeting.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HTC launches Desire Eye smartphone  new cameraHTC launches Desire Eye smartphone  new camera
MPLS Network Provider Plan Options Reach Seattle  Washington via SolveforceMPLS Network Provider Plan Options Reach Seattle  Washington via Solveforce
Why Brands Have Kicked Traditional Marketing to the Side of the RoadWhy Brands Have Kicked Traditional Marketing to the Side of the Road
CHG inks MoU with Chinese co to produce computer devicesCHG inks MoU with Chinese co to produce computer devices
Global PC market still weak despite rebound in some marketsGlobal PC market still weak despite rebound in some markets
Snapchat ads are coming soon  says CEOSnapchat ads are coming soon, says chief
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5992e20c-4f54-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spotlight: Can timekeeper Titan beat everyone to the topPrint
Titan has been the timekeeper of the Indian middle-class for decades. But with international brands flooding the market over the years, competition has spurred the Rs 10,955-crore company to diversify.
"Any category we enter, we should pioneer, excel and be world-class, offer a value proposition to consumers, which is so different," says Bhaskar Bhat, Managing Director of Titan Company. The principle, Bhat says, extends to any product that the company brings out. Its jewellery brand, Tanishq, has over the years proved it.
The latest entrant is the new range of fine French perfume called Skinn. A 50-ml bottle costs Rs 999, half the price of any international premium perfume brand. In a market where the choice is only between low-quality unbranded stuff and expensive foreign brands, there seems to be a space for such a product. Though Skinn is made and packaged in France, the company had flown in perfumers from Paris to help them know the kind of aroma that Indians prefer. "We took perfumers who had made brands such as Chanel not just to Indian flower markets but also to restaurants and food streets," says H.G. Raghunath, CEO of watches and accessories at Titan. "Our aim was to give a great product at good value."
From watches and jewellery to fragrances, the company has always tapped unorganised sectors and turned it around to build successful businesses. At present, Titan is evaluating at least 50 business opportunities in the women's, kids and youth's lifestyle categories. The aim is to increase revenue by 2.5 times in the next five years by becoming a premium lifestyle company. Today, nearly 10 per cent of its total revenue comes from premium watch brands such as Zoya, Xylys and Nebula. Titan now wants to scale it to 20 per cent in next five years. "We will enter more lifestyle categories. We already have bags, belts, wallets, perfumes and helmets," says Bhat.
Titan's aspiration can be gauged from its internal accelerator programme 'Igniter'. Any employee can submit a business idea. Around 20 such ideas are shortlisted every quarter and the employees are asked to make a presentation. Finally three or four ideas are finalised and they are asked to work on these businesses. "A lot of upcoming new businesses are an outcome of Igniter," says Raj Narayanan, Chief HR Officer. The company's eyewear business launched in 2006, Titan Eye+, was the byproduct of a similar programme called 'Future Shock'.
Bhat, 59, says the urge to explore new businesses has been there in the company since its inception. In 1984, when it entered the watch market, Hindustan Machine Tools (HMT), the sole player, was making 3.5 million watches a year. Riding on a robust distribution network and value brands such as Sonata, not just did Titan overtake HMT, but it also scaled up the image of a wristwatch from a gadget of utility to a fashion accessory. Today, Titan controls 45 per cent of the Rs 5,300-crore Indian watch market and sells 16 million pieces a year. Tanishq too is a nearly Rs 9,000-crore brand with over 80 per cent market share of branded jewellery industry.
"Our expansion has always been opportunity led. Take for instance Raga, the women's watch segment. I think we got it right when we decided it shouldn't be brand Titan. It is still part of Titan but Raga is the name and it is so uniquely positioned that it cannot have a Swiss or a Chinese competitor," says Bhat.
Since the annual results for 2013/14 came out in May, the company's shares have surged by more than 40 per cent. Industry watchers say Bhat's promise to more than double its revenue in the next five years along with the upbeat mood in the economy led to the bull run in company's stocks.
But its revenue and profit growth has been modest. In the April-June quarter of 2014/15, profit grew less than one per cent while net sales fell to Rs 2,853 crore from Rs 3,087 crore in the corresponding quarter last year. For the full fiscal year 2013/14, revenue increased only 7.34 per cent to Rs 10,955 crore from Rs 10,206 crore in 2012/13. Net profit rose 2.2 per cent to Rs 741.14 crore. Its watch business grew by just 6.9 per cent but the worst hit was Tanishq, which grew only by 6.5 per cent. The jewellery business was hit due to a shortage in gold supply triggered by the government and the Reserve Bank of India move to increase customs duty and cap gold imports.
But the moot question is whether Titan can become a premium lifestyle brand. The shift from the mass brand is not easy. For long, the company's forte was in the Rs 500 to Rs 2,500 price points. But now mobile phones are fast replacing watches in this mass segment. So now the focus is on watches that cost upwards of Rs 5,000. This year close to 40 per cent of its watch revenue came from this price band. Meanwhile, the company has experienced 25 per cent growth in the price range of Rs 10,000-Rs 25,000. But in this range Titan doesn't have many options.
"Titan has put in efforts in design and showcasing. You will see a lot of rejuvenation in the brand," says Bhat. It has enhanced its premium offerings with brands such as Octane and Automatics that come in the Rs 11,000 to Rs 16,000 price range. Titan has also acquired the 18th century Swiss brand Favre Leuba as part of its plan to launch its luxury offering in the range of Rs 75,000 to Rs 1 lakh. At its manufacturing plant in Hosur, Tamil Nadu, Titan has formed a team trained to make high-end handcrafted mechanical watches.
Brand Perception
But consumer perception could impede its brand aspirations. Rahul Varma, 25, who works in an insurance company in Mumbai, recently bought a Seiko watch from Helios, Titan's multi-brand retail initiative. Asked why he didn't go for a Nebula or Titan Edge, he said, "Why would I buy a Titan when I am prepared to pay Rs 40,000 for a watch?" So will he buy Skinn when he has an option to buy Hugo Boss? "Skinn is a good option for gifting. But I don't think I will buy it for myself if I can afford a Hugo Boss," he says.
Raghu Vishwanath, Managing Director of Vertebrand, a brand valuation company, says an image makeover is not going to be easy. A former Titan employee, he says the company has never been able to come out of its decision in the 90s to chase volume-based growth. "It may have been a great business move but it has diluted the brand equity," he says.
When Titan was launched by the Tatas, its Oxford-educated Chairman and Managing Director Xerxes Sapur Desai had positioned it as a fashion accessory. The watches were a contrast to the clunky ones of HMT. Desai went on to launch five sub-brands - Exacta, Classique, Spectra, Royale and Fastrack. The ad too exuded a premium, classy feel with Mozart's 25th Symphony as the background score. In less than a decade, Titan's revenue touched Rs 700 crore. But in the mid 1990s, when it stepped into the jewellery business, its profits took a hit, forcing the company to chase growth through higher volume sales. The idea gave birth to the mass brand - Sonata. The cash registers were ringing again. "Since it had no competition, it did not think differently and remained focused on volumes," says Gopalratnam Kannan, an ex-Titan employee who went to head Swatch India.
In the long run, Titan failed to cope with international competition in the premium segment."It has lost out as brands like Swatch and Seiko came with a portfolio of products. Now Titan has to build its products from scratch," says Bijou Kurien, Board member at private-equity firm L Capital Asia and a former COO of Titan. Experts says Titan's challenge is similar to that of Bata, the footwear retail company. Bata has been trying to be a premium brand by selling HushPuppies and Naturaliser but is still seen as 'mass school shoe retailer'. Abneesh Roy, head of Institutional Equities Research, Edelweiss, says the Titan brand of watches took the hit when jewellery emerged as a cash cow. "More than 80 per cent of its profits came from Tanishq. It didn't advertise its watches much," he says.
Bhat agrees that the brand has lost its aspirational value. "We started losing counter space in the large format department stores. We realised that category wars were being fought at these stores at least in the mid-premium, premium and luxury segments. We took feedback and have worked on it," he says.
He says that the question of giving up market share for a premium position has always haunted the company. "We were not prepared for that. We said we won't till it is not forced on us. Even today we are not giving up market share," he says.
For Bhat, the challenge is to grow without giving up the market share. "We sell 16 million watches a year. No other watch brand even sells one million watches except Timex. Most international brands sell less than 200,000 to 300,000 watches. But they are very visible. So, people like you and me see various other international premium brands. But if you go to the next town, nobody knows about these global brands," he says. Bhat admits it's tough to retain market share in the long run. "People are not brand loyal. One generally picks up from a cluster of brands," he says.
For now, diversification seems to be the way ahead. "We could have done helmets 20 years ago but this population of two-wheelers wasn't there. We could have entered perfumes earlier but it's still an open category. In sunglasses, there is no [local] brand and foreign brands are expensive," he says.
Kurien says the effort to scale up unorganised sectors like helmets will be much more than the outcome. "They need big ideas that will give Rs 2,000 crore to Rs 4,000 crore top line. I doubt if fragrances or helmets would deliver those numbers," he says.
Bhat thinks otherwise. "If you take the two-wheeler population in India and the number of accidents, there is a need for helmets. The problem is the product is not available. For a smart, lightweight, high-quality helmet, why wouldn't people pay Rs 2,000?" he asks.
Will Titan eventually be a premium lifestyle conglomerate? Kannan of Swatch India says it will take time and the company has to face its inherent challenges. "But then the company's stakeholder, the Tatas, are not new to premium market. They have brands like Taj Hotels, the byword of luxury," he says.
Reproduced From Business Today. © 2014. LMIL. All rights reserved.
 

Sensex falls for 3rd day; IT & pharma drag; oil  banks gainOct 08, 2014, 04.40 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex falls for 3rd day; IT & pharma drag; oil, banks gain
Overall it was a directionless trade due to lack of triggers. The near term triggers for the market would be July-September quarter earnings that will start on Friday with Infosys and August industrial output data on Friday evening.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex falls for 3rd day; IT & pharma drag; oil, banks gain
Overall it was a directionless trade due to lack of triggers. The near term triggers for the market would be July-September quarter earnings that will start on Friday with Infosys and August industrial output data on Friday evening.
Post your opinion here
16:40
Moneycontrol Bureau
Equity benchmarks saw consolidation on Wednesday after a percent fall in previous session. Technology and healthcare stocks hit hard while banks, oil & gas and capital goods stocks supported the market.
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell 25.18 points to 26246.79 and the 50-share NSE Nifty dropped below 7850 level, down 9.70 points to close at 7842.70, continuing decline for the third consecutive session weighed down slightly by weak global cues. Asian peers (barring Shanghai that hit 18-month peak) closed lower while European markets were down around 0.5 percent (at 16 hours IST).
Overall it was a directionless trade due to lack of triggers. The near term triggers for the market would be July-September quarter earnings that will start on Friday with Infosys and August industrial output data on Friday evening.
Though there has been profit booking from last two weeks, experts are not worried about this southward move.
Adrian Mowat, Chief Asian & Emerging Equity Strategist, JPMorgan says India looks extremely favourable moving in FY15, and believes it would be an outperformer in FY16.
According to him, the new government has done a lot of good things at an executive level and the brokerage is particularly excited about the proposal of managing food inflation.
Structurally, he is bearish on crude oil but thinks low crude oil prices would bode well for India per se.
Brent crude fell below USD 91 a barrel intraday on global growth and oil glut concerns. It was trading at 91.21 a barrel, down USD 0.9. Experts believe this may help oil marketing companies to improve profitability and this may reduce subsidy sharing burden on oil and gas explorers.
BPCL, HPCL and IOC surged 4-7 percent while ONGC gained 2.3 percent. Reliance Industries was up over a percent.
Engineering and construction major Larsen and Toubro was up 2 percent after its subsidiary L&T Technology Services announced the intent to acquire the assets of US-based Dell Product and Process Innovation Services (formerly eServ), the engineering services division of Dell.
Top lender State Bank of India rose 1.8 percent after brokerage house CLSA said it is the top pick among PSU banks given its strong deposit franchise, well capitalised balance sheet and focus on profitability. The brokerage maintains buy on the stock with a target price of Rs 3,160.
Tata Steel topped the buying list, up 3.5 percent followed by ICICI Bank, ITC, HDFC Bank, Tata Motors, Axis Bank, NTPC, M&M, BHEL and Tata Power with 0.7-2 percent.
However, the BSE IT and Healthcare indices plunged over 2 percent. In the technology space, Infosys, Tech Mahindra and Mindtree were down 4-5 percent after Citi downgraded Infosys to neutral with a target price of Rs 4,065 , and downgraded Tech Mahindra and Mindtree to sell with a target price of Rs 1,060 and Rs 2,375, respectively.
Wipro was down 4 percent and TCS declined 1.9 percent.
Pharma stocks were under pressure after the US Congress began investigation into price hikes of 10 select generic drugs involving players like Sun Pharma (stock down 4.3 percent), Dr Reddy’s Labs (down 4.4 percent) and Cadila Healthcare (down 0.14 percent). Ranbaxy Labs declined 3.8 percent and Cipla was down 2.5 percent.
In the broader space, fertiliser stocks like Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilisers, National Fertilizers and Fertilisers and Chemicals Travancore (FACT) gained 2-5 percent after a CNBC Awaaz report indicated that the government notified new urea investment policy. Under this notification, the companies will get a subsidy only if the production starts in the next five years.
About 1348 shares advanced while 1561 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
14:00

In pics: Glimpses of air shows at Air Force Day parade39
0
Hindon: The air show on the occasion of Air Force Day, which left the spectators spell bound, involved different formations and display of flares by the aircraft. The classic 80-year-old, single-engine propeller Tiger Moth aircraft won hearts when it flew past the parade ground, coloured in bright orange.
Chief of the Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha on dais during Air Force Day parade held at Air Force Station Hindan in Ghaziabad.
Indian Air Force MI-17 V5 in ensign fly past during Air Force Day parade held at Air Force Station Hindan in Ghaziabad.
Chief of the Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha on dais during Air Force Day parade held at Air Force Station Hindan in Ghaziabad.
Indian Air Force Sukhoi MKI fighter aircraft in victory formation  during Air Force Day parade held at Air Force Station Hindan in Ghaziabad.
Indian Air Force SU-30 MKI escorting C-17 Globemaster III during fly past carried out during Air Force Day parade held at Air Force Station Hindan in Ghaziabad.
Indian Air Force Sarang Helicopters carrying out manoeuvre  during Air Force Day parade held at Air Force Station Hindan in Ghaziabad.
Indian Air Force Sarang Helicopters carrying out manoeuvre  during Air Force Day parade held at Air Force Station Hindan in Ghaziabad.
Indian Air Force MI-17 V5 in ensign fly past during Air Force Day parade held at Air Force Station Hindan in Ghaziabad.
Indian Air Force\'s Air Warrior Drill Team (AWDT) displaying their alluring skills during Air Force Day parade held at Air Force Station Hindan in Ghaziabad.
Indian Air Force Sarang Helicopters carrying out manoeuvre  during Air Force Day parade held at Air Force Station Hindan in Ghaziabad.
104

Govt to take steps for improving ease of doing biz in IndiaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt to take steps for improving ease of doing biz in India
The government is gearing up to improve the overall business environment in the country and give an impetus to the manufacturing sector and entrepreneurship in general. As part of this process the ministry for MSME will be focusing on enabling easy credit, mentoring and providing an easy exit to entrepreneurs, reports CNBC-TV18's Malvika Jain.
Post your opinion here
09:00 pm
The government is gearing up to improve the overall business environment in the country and give an impetus to the manufacturing sector in particular and entrepreneurship in general. As part of this process the ministry for medium small & micro enterprises will be focusing on enabling easy credit, mentoring and providing an easy exit to entrepreneurs, reports CNBC-TV18's Malvika Jain.
According to a World Bank study as many as 60 percent of Indian SMEs shut shop within 7 years of establishment, 35 percent remain stagnant and only 5 percent survive the challenge of doing business in India. Inadequate access to finance, skilled manpower, marketing platforms and high transaction costs are making Indian businesses uncompetitive in the domestic and international market.
RC Bhargava, Chairman, Maruti Suzuki , says, "If the total business environment is conducive to doing business, if the entrepreneur does not find that because he is becoming bigger he gets hassled by various tax inspectors and various other factory inspectors and excise guys and others and therefore he prefers to remain small then I think the business will grow much faster. It is the business environment which has to change. We cannot improve business environment through subsidies."
The government is keen that we "Make in India" and the contribution of manufacturing grows from 15 percent to 26 percent. For this easy availability of credit is being worked upon.
"The basic fund is going to come from the shortfalls which occur at the bank level in priority sector lending. A part of that money is going to be credited to the venture capital fund for the small and medium enterprises not only for start-ups but also for growth. We are in the process of discussions with the finance ministry and with institutions like SIDBI on how this fund should be structured and operated. It is a work in progress which we hope will be completed within a month or so. In addition we also have a new line entry as they call it in the ministry parlance for a Rs 200 crore fund for technology centre networks, innovation, entrepreneurship and agro industry", says Madhav Lal, Secretary, MSME.
Surendra Nath Tripathi, Joint Secretary, MSME, says, "We want to promote the credit scoring model which has been developed by Canara Bank in India and blessed by the Reserve Bank of India. Any industry, any new comer can rate himself on the banking parameter. If he finds that he is good enough to be assisted by the bank, let him go to the bank. If the bank refuses we will take care of such a problem."
To improve ease of doing business in India the government will also be coming up with a mentorship programme and new exit policy for entrepreneurs.
RELATED NEWS

Cyclone Hudhud to hit AP  Odisha coast by October 12Oct 08, 2014, 09.56 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Cyclone Hudhud to hit AP, Odisha coast by October 12
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) has said it's preparations are on war-footing to deal with any emergency.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cyclone Hudhud to hit AP, Odisha coast by October 12
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) has said it's preparations are on war-footing to deal with any emergency.
Post your opinion here
 
Cyclone Hudhud is likely to make landfall in Andhra Pradesh's Visakhapatnam district by Sunday, October 12, the Indian Meteorological Department said on Wednesday.
"As per the current assessment, the cyclone will cross Visakhapatnam by October 12. It is likely to cross the east coast between Visakhapatnam and Gopalpur in the afternoon of the 12th," LS Rathore, Director General of the IMD, said.
He also said that the wind speed of Hudhud was much lower in comparison to the devastating Cyclone Phailin that hit the Odisha coast in October 2013, but the two cyclonic storms belonged to the same category.
"If we compare this system to Cyclone Phailin, then we can say that the wind speed is much lower. Cyclone Phailin had speeds going up to 200kph, but the category of both the systems are same," Rathore said.
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) has said it's preparations are on war-footing to deal with any emergency.
"We have deployed battalions in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh. We have sent teams to Visakhapatnam this morning," OP Singh, the Director General of the NDRF, said.
"We have also kept our forces in West Bengal on alert. We will also be activating our control rooms in the areas which are likely to be affected," he said.
The official said that the priority was to set up communications, which is often the first casualty of any natural disaster.
RELATED NEWS

Citigroup  E*Trade said to be breached by same hackers as JPMADP Inc.
Bloomberg News is reporting: Citigroup Inc. E*Trade Financial Corp., Automatic Data Processing Inc. and Regions Financial Corp. were attacked by the same hackers who breached JPMorgan Chase & Co., according to a person familiar with the matter.
The attacks on Citigroup and E*Trade happened last year, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential.

In Pics: PM Modi attends  At Home  dinner hosted by IAF chief12
1
Prime Minister Narendra Modi attended his first 'At Home' event hosted by a chief of the armed forces on Wednesday. The army chief went to the podium to greet Modi and was seen talking to him beyond the customary greetings.
Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha, Chief of the Air Staff receiving the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi during Air Force Day celebration at Air House on 08 Oct 14.
Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha, Chief of the Air Staff receiving the President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee during Air Force Day celebration at Air House on 08 Oct 14.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi meets the Marshal of the Air Force, Air Chief Marshal Arjan Singh during Air Force Day celebration at Air House on 08 Oct 14.
The Chief of the Air Force, Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha hands over a cheque of an amount of one day\'s salary of Indian Air Force personnel to the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi towards Prime Minister\'s National Relief Fund during Air Force Day celebration at Air House on 08 Oct 14.
Chief of the Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha and Mrs. Lily Raha, President AFWWA with the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi during Air Force Day celebration at Air House on 08 Oct 14.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee, Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha and Hony Group Captain Sachin Tendulkar standing during the national anthem played by the Indian Air Force Band during Air Force Day celebration at Air House on 08 Oct 14.
10

As online-offline dispute intensifies  govt to refereeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indias biggest issue is user experience  we will fill that gap: Sunil Rao  Google IndiaIndia’s biggest issue is user experience — we will fill that gap: Sunil Rao, Google India
Anand J | Updated:  Oct 15 2014, 20:10  IST
Oct 15 2014, 20:10  IST
 

Municipal bodies can raise funds from mktsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Stock market has best day of 2014Stock market has best day of 2014
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 October 8, 2014: 5:02 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Wall Street's nightmares about the Federal Reserve just got a lot less scary. In fact, it looked downright dreamy in the stock market Wednesday.
The Dow surged 275 points -- its best performance of the entire year -- after a new report suggested the Fed isn't ready to lift interest rates off the floor just yet.
That comes as a big relief to the stock market, which has been one of the biggest beneficiaries of the Fed's easy-money policies.
Minutes from the Fed's mid-September meeting came out Wednesday afternoon and show that some officials are worried about slowing global growth , especially in China and the euro zone. Central bankers are also concerned the rapidly-rising U.S. dollar could hurt U.S. exports and prevent inflation from reaching the Fed's 2% target.
Both of those trends -- weaker overseas growth and a rallying greenback -- have only become more pronounced since that last Fed meeting.
Related: Experts say stocks will rise more in 2014
The thinking on Wall Street is that these issues will handcuff the Fed, preventing it from taking the training wheels off the economy.
"It's yet another data point that suggests a hike in the first half of next year remains a lower probability event," said Dan Greenhaus, chief global strategist at BTIG.
The Dow soared almost 200 points between the release of the minutes at 2p.m. ET and the closing bell at 4p.m. The S&P 500 ended the day 1.75% higher, also good for its best advance of 2014.
Greenhaus said this was actually the fifth consecutive time the Fed's minutes were interpreted as being "dovish," or advantageous for stocks. Each time the market rallied.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq index also surged, rising 1.9%.
It's worth noting Wednesday's big gains come amid a stretch of elevated turbulence on Wall Street. Stocks have swung dramatically on economic and policy concerns in recent days, knocking the S&P 500 2.5% down from its record highs.
First Published: October 8, 2014: 4:45 PM ET
Most Popular

Forex - Aussie weaker ahead of jobs data  yen down as market eyes FedOct 09, 2014, 03.57 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Forex - Aussie weaker ahead of jobs data, yen down as market eyes Fed
Forex - Aussie weaker ahead of jobs data, yen down as market eyes Fed
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Forex - Aussie weaker ahead of jobs data, yen down as market eyes Fed
Forex - Aussie weaker ahead of jobs data, yen down as market eyes Fed
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The yen traded weaker along with the Australian dollar in early trade on Thursday with the focus on jobs data in Australia.
USD/JPY traded at 108.20, up 0.12%, while AUD/USD changed hands at 0.8830, down 0.14%.
The Australian Bureau of Statistics plans to revise its July and August jobs numbers, making the announcement ahead of Thursday's September labor force data due at 1130 Sydney time (0030 GMT).
Revised estimates have resulted in forecast for number of employed changing to a gain of 20,000 from a drop of 30,000 based on original forecast, the unemployment rate holding at 6.1% and the participation rate falling to 64.8% from 65.2%.
Still in Sydney, Reserve Bank of Australia Stability Head Luci Ellis is due to speak at a Capital Market Dysfunctionality conference at 1255 (0155 GMT).
In Japan, come August machinery orders and the Ministry of Finance's weekly international transactions in securities data at 0850 Tokyo time (2350 GMT). Private-sector core orders are forecast a gain of 0.9% on month, which would be the third straight rise.
Later in the day, the ESP Forecast Survey of economists on GDP, CPI and Bank of Japan policy is due at 1500 (0600 GMT).
Overnight, the dollar, which has risen in the last 12 weeks, trimmed gains from earlier on Wednesday.
The Federal Reserve's debate on its interest rate guidance heated up last month, with several officials showing concern about misleading investors and pushing for a more data-dependent approach, according to minutes from its last policy meeting.
But as the Fed grapples with how to communicate its view on hiking rates, the minutes also show concern about the rising dollar, slowing inflation, and economic turmoil in Europe and Asia, factors that support the U.S. central bank's current of keeping policy accommodation in place for the near future.
"The concern was raised that the reference to 'considerable time' in the current forward guidance could be misunderstood as a commitment rather than as data dependent," said the minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 meeting, which were released on Wednesday.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Wall St has best day since 2013 after Fed minutesWall Street has best day since 2013 after US Federal Reserve minutes
By Reuters | 9 Oct, 2014, 03.11AM IST
Dow Jones industrial average rose 273.03 points, or 1.63 per cent, to 16,992.42, the S&P 500 surged 33.56 points, or 1.73 per cent, to 1,968.66.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks soared on Wednesday, with major indexes posting their biggest one-day jumps of 2014 after the Federal Reserve reassured investors that the first interest rate hike would not come before the economy could support it.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 273.03 points, or 1.63 per cent, to 16,992.42, the S&P 500 surged 33.56 points, or 1.73 per cent, to 1,968.66 and the Nasdaq Composite added 83.39 points, or 1.9 per cent, to 4,468.59.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sun Pharmaceutical Industries  Dr Reddy s face US action on price hikes up to 8 000%Sun Pharmaceutical Industries  Dr Reddy s face US action on price hikes up to 8 000%
Case Study: Why Flipkart apology is a gold standard in service recoveryCase Study: Why Flipkart apology is a gold standard in service recovery
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening higher; may reclaim 7850 levelsDow Jones
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Thursday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to reclaim its crucial psychological support level of 7850 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 32.50 points higher at 7929 indicating positive opening on the domestic market.
Indian markets ended on a flat note on Wednesday. BSE's Sensex was down by 25.18 points and closed at 26246.79, while NSE's Nifty ended by 9.70 points lower and closed at 7842.70.
Nifty managed to respect the support level of 7840 which is also the trend reversal level for the index, and any breach of the same on closing basis would increase the possibility of a severe sell off till 7721 and below that 7655.
If the decline is very strong, lower levels of 7540 in coming few sessions cannot be ruled out either, say analysts. However, if 7840 is defended as a support for yet another day then we may see bounce back attempts till 7900 - 7920 range.
"Possibility of such a decline below 7840 increases as the index has given a close below the 50 Day EMA and the 13 and 21 Day EMA's have registered a sell along with glaring negative divergence and a sell registered by the RSI on the weekly charts," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"However, till the time the index trades below 8000 the bearish possibility remains intact. Only on a move beyond 8000 would negate the threat of an immediate decline and Nifty may then test higher levels," added the report.
The brokerage firm continues to recommend a stop loss of 7840 (closing) for positional Nifty traders.
Overnight, U.S. stocks ended higher with major indexes posting their biggest one-day jumps of 2014 after the Federal Reserve reassured investors that its first interest rate hike would not come until it deemed the economy could withstand it.
"The Fed has said that it would not raise rates for a "considerable time," and in the minutes from its Sept. 16-17 meeting the U.S. central bank expressed concern that this could be interpreted "as a commitment" rather than being based on data that pointed to an economy that could grow without Fed stimulus," Reuters reported.
"The minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 meeting showed officials are struggling with how to come to grips with the dual threats of a stronger dollar and a global slowdown as they seek an eventual exit from low interest rates," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 274.83 points, or 1.64 percent, to 16,994.22, the S&P 500 gained 33.79 points, or 1.75 percent, to 1,968.89 and the Nasdaq Composite added 83.39 points, or 1.9 percent, to 4,468.59.
Asian shares were trading higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.6 per cent higher at 15,689 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 1.1 per cent higher at 23,526.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.4 per cent lower at 1,955 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.20 per cent higher at 2,388.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bilawal Bhutto attacks Narendra Modi  says unlike Gujarat victims Pakistan can retaliateBilawal Bhutto attacks Narendra Modi  says unlike Gujarat victims Pakistan can retaliate
Shipping industry wants DGFT to provide liberal benefitsShipping industry wants DGFT to provide liberal benefits
HTC CFO says company will not need to tap markets in 2015HTC CFO says company will not need to tap markets in 2015
Pakistan continues to violate ceasefire  firing on in seven sectors along the border in J&KOct 09, 2014 at  09:28am IST
Pakistan targets 60 BSF posts, over 80 villages in fresh shelling along the border in J&K
27
0
Jammu: Situation in Jammu and Kashmir remains tense as firing from Pakistan is on for the fourth straight day in all seven sectors along the International Border. Two Indian women have been killed in overnight shelling that took place on Thursday by Pakistani forces along the International Border in Jammu and Kashmir.
Pakistan rangers targetted 60 Border Security Force (BSF) outposts and over 80 villages in fresh mortar shelling and firing in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts along the International Border.
According to sources, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given the Army and Border Security Force a free hand to tackle ceasefire violations by Pakistani troops. A team under National Security Advidor (NSA) Ajit Doval is currently monitoring the situation.
#jammu and kashmir #ceasefire violation #pakistan #international border
"The PM has told the NSA that there is no question of succumbing to Pakistan. The PM said that there will be no talks with the Pakistan border forces till firing stops," sources said.
There has been no end to the ceasefire violations by Pakistan in the month of October and villagers have been advised to stay indoors.
MoS PMO Jitendra Singh, who visited the Indo-Pak border firing zone, hoped that the situation would normalise in a few days. Home Minister Rajnath Singh, meanwhile, directed the BSF to continue retaliating to Pakistani firing.
Seven people have died and more than 60 have been injured in the incessant firing by Pakistani troops over the past eight days.
Meanwhile, the border villages wear a deserted look with thousands having taken shelter in camps for their safety. People visit their houses during the day to check on their livestock which is their only livelihood and leave their homes to go back to safety again before the shelling begins.
309

International Finance Corporation to invest $100 mn in Ballarpur Industries  Bilt Paper equityE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Apple iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus up for pre-orders; Everything you need to knowFrom Tuesday, interested buyers can pre-order the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus at any authorised Apple shop for free.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 7, 2014 2:32 pm | Updated: October 7, 2014 5:40 pm
It’s already official that you can now get the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus before Diwali. Apple will start selling in India from Friday, October 17. However, the buyers will have to pre-order to get it on the launch date. From Tuesday, interested buyers can pre-order the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus at any authorised Apple shop.
The Apple iPhone 6 16GB is priced Rs. 53,500, the 64GB at Rs. 62,500 and 128GB at Rs. 71,500. The Apple iPhone 6 Plus 16 GB is priced Rs. 62,500, 64GB at Rs. 71,500 and 128GB at Rs. 80,500.
To pre-order, buyers will have to visit any authorised Apple shop and book the desired iPhone version by specifying the model, colour and storage version. The pre-booking will be confirmed with a token, which will given to the buyer. Officially, the entire pre-booking process is free. Customers are not required to pay any sort of booking or confirmation amount.
Once pre-booked, buyers can walk into the store any time on October 17 and buy the booked iPhone model by paying the total price. Pre-booking assures launch day delivery.
If you wish to buy online, then Infibeam.com is the only legit choice. Infibeam is the only Internet reseller in India which is authorised by Apple to sell iPhones online. Infibeam is assuring launch day deliver across major cities in India on pre-booking.
Apple partner Ingram Micro has announced that it will offer iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus at leading modern trade stores and retail outlets across India beginning from 12:01am on October 17. Several other stores have also decided to start the iPhone 6 sales from midnight of the launch day.

Hey  America: It s Time To Talk About The Price Of WaterIt's Time For America To Talk About The Price Of Water
Ensia  | By                                                                Cynthia Barnett
reddit
A man leaps over water flooding a side street after a water main break sent churning, muddy water down Sunset Boulevard and hilly side streets on the famed Sunset Strip in West Hollywood, Calif., Friday, Sept. 26, 2014. (AP Photo/Nick Ut)
This story originally appeared on Ensia.
This summer, a 90-year-old water pipe burst under Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles, sending a geyser 30 feet into the air and a flood of troubles over the UCLA campus. Raging water and mud trapped five people, swamped 1,000 cars and flooded five university buildings — blasting the doors off elevators and ruining the new wooden floor atop the Bruins’ storied basketball court.
As the campus dried out, though, Angelenos seemed less upset about the replaceable floorboards at Pauley Pavilion than they were over another loss: 20 million gallons of freshwater wasted in the middle of the worst drought in California history. L.A. Mayor Eric Garcetti took heat for his earlier campaign promise not to raise water rates in a city with a long backlog of repairs for aging water pipes.
Five days after the L.A. pipeline rupture, officials in Toledo, Ohio, declared the tap water for half a million people unsafe to drink, tainted by toxic algae spreading in the warm waters of Lake Erie. As residents of one of the most water-blessed regions in the world waited in lines to buy bottled water, an issue that had held little political urgency rose near the top of Ohio’s gubernatorial and legislative races. Former Toledo mayor Mike Bell held back an “I told you so” for council veterans who’d resisted rate increases to pay for upgrades to the city’s 73-year-old water-treatment plant.
In Los Angeles and Toledo and across the U.S., historic drought, water-quality threats heightened by warming waters and poorly maintained infrastructure are converging to draw public attention to the value of fresh, clean water to a degree not seen since Congress passed the Clean Water Act in 1972. The problems are also laying bare the flawed way we pay for water — one that practically guarantees pipes will burst, farmers will use as much as they can and automatic sprinklers will whir over desiccated aquifers.
Squeezed by drought, U.S. consumers and western farmers have begun to pay more for water. But the increases do not come close to addressing the fundamental price paradox in a nation that uses more water than any other in the world while generally paying less for it. And some of the largest water users in the East, including agricultural, energy and mining companies, often pay nothing for water at all.
As a result, we’re subsidizing our most wasteful water use — while neglecting essentials like keeping our water plants and pipes in good repair. “You can get to sustainability,” says David Zetland, a water economist and author of the book Living with Water Scarcity . “But you can’t get there without putting a price on water.”
Cheap, Abundant Illusion
Water is the most essential utility delivered to us each day, meeting our drinking and sanitation needs and many others, from fire protection to irrigation. Incongruously, it is also the resource we value least. This is true generally for both the way we use water and the price we put on it.
Utility expenditures for a four-person household in 2012. Graphic courtesy of Michigan State University Institute of Public Utilities.
On the global scale, Americans pay considerably less for water than people in most other developed nations. In the U.S., we pay less for water than for all other utilities. That remains true in these times of increasing water stress, says Janice Beecher, director of the Institute of Public Utilities at Michigan State University, whose data show the average four-person household spends about $50 a month for water, compared with closer to $150 for electricity and telephone services.
Water’s historically cheap price has turned the U.S. hydrologic cycle abjectly illogical. Pennies-per-gallon water makes it rational for homeowners to irrigate lawns to shades of Oz even during catastrophic droughts like the one gripping California. On the industrial side, water laws that evolved to protect historic uses rather than the health of rivers and aquifers can give farmers financial incentive to use the most strained water sources for the least sustainable crops. In just one example, farmers near Yuma, Ariz. — the driest spot in the United States, with an average rainfall of 3 inches per year — use Colorado River water to grow thirsty alfalfa; under the law of the river, if they don’t use their allotment, they’ll lose their rights to it.
For both municipal waterworks and those that carry irrigation water to farms, the illusion of cheap, abundant water arose with the extensive federal subsidies of the mid-20th century. The Bureau of Reclamation built tens of billions of dollars worth of irrigation and supply projects that were supposed to have been reimbursed by beneficiaries; most were not repaid. After passage of the Clean Water Act and the Safe Drinking Water Act in the 1970s, the feds doled out billions more dollars, this time to local communities to help upgrade water plants and pipes. Since ratepayers didn’t have to bear the costs, they didn’t balk at treating water destined for toilets and lawns to the highest drinking-water standards in the land.
Americans got used to paying wee little for a whole lot of pristine water. At the same time, many utilities delayed the long-term capital investments needed to maintain their pipes and plants. Water boards are often run by local elected officials, making decisions uneasily political. A board member with a three-year term might not vote for a water project that would pay off in year six. Officials who tried to raise rates risked being booted out of office. It was easier to hope federal subsidies would continue to flow. They did not. A Reagan Administration phase-out of water-infrastructure grants began 25 years ago. Over the past decade, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency water infrastructure funding has declined (with the exception of 2009, the year of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act), and policy has shifted from grants to loans.
Unfortunately for water utilities, the timing coincided with the arrival of requirements to scrub dozens of newly regulated contaminants out of drinking water and record numbers of water mains and pipes bursting due to age and extreme temperatures, both hot and cold.
Playing Catch-Up
In recent years, municipalities have begun raising rates to play catch-up. Since 2007, city water prices have risen at rates faster than the overall cost of living. Even so, the water sector reports it is not enough to pay for an estimated $1 trillion in anticipated repair costs for buried water pipes and growth-related infrastructure costs over the next 25 years.
When it comes to meeting needs associated with growth, many of the most promising solutions are found on the demand side. Americans still use more water per person than anywhere else in the world. But the U.S. today taps less water overall than it did 40 years ago despite population and economic growth, thanks to increased efficiency and awareness. From irrigation to manufacturing to toilet flushing, everything we do takes a lot less water than it used to.
Because utilities’ funding relies on revenue generated by water sales, efficiency has many utilities up a creek and churning blame. Earlier this fall, The Washington Post published a story, reprinted in newspapers around the nation, that blamed “federally mandated low-flow toilets, shower heads and faucets” for water utilities’ financial woes. Conservation, the story said, was the cause of higher water rates and new fees.
The reality is just the opposite, says Mary Ann Dickinson, president and CEO of the Alliance for Water Efficiency , a Chicago-based nonprofit dedicated to sustainable water use. Everyone is beginning to pay more for water — but communities that conserve have lower long-term costs than those that don’t. In many cases, simply saving water can eliminate the need for costly new sources, Dickinson says. Growing, water-stressed cities including San Antonio and Perth, Australia, have saved ratepayers more than a billion dollars in long-term capital costs by helping them slash water use in half. An analysis by the city of Westminster, Colo., found that reduced water use by citizens since 1980 saved residents and businesses 80 percent in tap fees and 91 percent in water rates, compared to the costs of acquiring the new water — close to $220 million on Colorado’s Front Range.
Efficiency will be the answer in many communities, although it cannot save the day in financially strapped cities that are losing population. Detroit’s emergence from bankruptcy depends in part on its ability to sell water, but it has lost a quarter of its population over the past decade. Under pressure to reduce more than $90 million in bad debt, the Water and Sewerage Department in the spring began ordering shutoffs for customers who had fallen behind on their bills, prompting a global outcry and a warning from the United Nations.
Pictures of American families bathing and brushing teeth from five-gallon buckets hold a mirror to the nation’s hydro-illogical cycle: We subsidize water for the largest users in the United States, including agriculture and energy plants, yet we do not ensure a basic amount of water for the poorest citizens.
Agriculture at the Table
Likewise, efficiency doesn’t solve water-quality issues like Toledo’s, where ratepayers could be looking at $1 billion for a new drinking-water plant advanced enough to filter out the pollutants brewing in Lake Erie, their water source. Donald Moline, commissioner of Toledo’s public utilities department, says the cost issues are opening up much-needed dialogue with the agricultural community on its contribution to nonpoint-source pollution in Lake Erie. Fueled by farming, septic systems, urban runoff and other causes, nonpoint-source pollution is the largest contributor to water-quality problems in the United States. “It used to be we just weren’t allowed to get into the agricultural causes, but given the science of this, we can’t ignore that piece,” Moline says.
Indeed, concerns over both quality and quantity make agriculture an increasingly important part of the conversation about how we value and price water, says University of Arizona law professor Robert Glennon, author of the books Water Follies and Unquenchable: America’s Water Crisis and What To Do About It.
Irrigation costs differ significantly for American farmers depending on whether they operate in the West or in the East. Reclamation Reform Acts in the 1980s and 90s began to shift the costs of major U.S. irrigation projects — which move river water around the West — from federal taxpayers to western farmers, whose bill depends on an arcane mix of water rights, allocations and contracts. But in the Colorado River basin, century-old water law can still create a tragedy of the commons in which farmers risk losing their allotment if they don’t use it. To solve this waste-encouraging dilemma, Glennon advocates a regulated system of markets and trading that would allow farmers to sell their water allotments to cities in times of drought or let a manufacturer pay to convert a large farm from flood to drip irrigation in exchange for the saved water.
Groundwater presents yet another paradox of price: Rising energy costs and declining water levels in troubled aquifers such as the Ogallala in the U.S. Great Plains have helped motivate many farmers to use less water. Agricultural and industrial water users pay for the wells, pumps and energy to draw water up from belowground, but in much of the country they still pay nothing for the water itself — which in some cases has provoked a race to the bottom that can dry up neighbors’ wells and even collapse the ground underfoot. In one hot spot in California’s San Joaquin Valley, U.S. Geological Survey scientists found that steady groundwater pumping in the nut-tree region south of Merced is sinking the ground nearly a foot a year, threatening infrastructure damage to local communities.
In August, the California legislature passed a package of laws to regulate groundwater pumping for the first time in state history . But the laws won’t slow damage to aquifers without meaningful limits on groundwater withdrawals or a charge for extraction, says Zetland, the water economist. Both are tough to pull off in politically regulated systems. Florida has required permits for large groundwater withdrawals since 1972. But governor-appointed water boards are reluctant to deny them, which has aggravated aquifer depletion, drying springs and coastal saltwater intrusion in some parts of the state. For decades, various Florida councils, committees and commissions have concluded that a small fee on groundwater withdrawals — between a penny and 20 cents for every 1,000 gallons — would reduce pumping and fund water-resource protection with “minimal adverse economic impacts” to industry and agriculture, according to one analysis by Chase Securities. But the agricultural lobby keeps the idea from getting very far in the state legislature.
New Approaches
Going forward, water infrastructure, supply and quality challenges intensified by the droughts, floods, temperature extremes and other influences of a changing climate will require new approaches to not only price, but also ethics: using less and polluting less, recycling more, and sharing costs among all users.
At the local utility level, higher prices and tiered price structures, in which households that use more pay more, are both working to encourage conservation. Utilities are also turning to new types of bonds to cover long-term projects, such as the 100-year “green bond” sold this summer by the District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority to finance environmentally friendly stormwater solutions.
Water-science and engineering groups such as the American Society of Civil Engineers make the case that the U.S. infrastructure crisis is severe enough that local communities cannot solve it alone; they suggest that federal investment is crucial to forestall significant costs in emergency repair and business losses.
Market fixes and agricultural partnerships are also part of the answer — especially if water law can evolve to do a better job of protecting the environment and local communities. Over the past two decades, drought-addled Australia has built the world’s largest water market, trading $2.5 billion per year and allowing the government to buy back overallocated rights and return water to nature. Price trends are up — both utility customers and agricultural users are paying more for water — while overall consumption is down. However, feared adverse social impacts may be coming to pass; researchers from Griffith University in Queensland found governments trading “with little regard or knowledge of Indigenous interests, and many Indigenous people believe that contemporary water resource management is amplifying inequities.”
Human rights advocates often oppose water markets on the grounds that we should not commodify an essential human need. But U.S. water use and price have been so skewed for so long that market solutions may be the only politically feasible way to right them. If we are to subsidize anyone, perhaps it should be the poor: A sustenance level of water for those who need it — free or dirt cheap — and higher prices for those who want more and choose to pay. “I argue for a human right to water,” says Glennon. “If we can’t guarantee that in the richest country in the world, we are a sorry lot.”
Key tenets as U.S. water law and policy evolves, Glennon says, are making sure the environment and communities where water originates are not harmed. “It’s glacial, but we are finally seeing people do things differently,” he says. “Across California, you see block rates and municipalities paying people to rip out lawns. Price is going to give us the opportunity to do some things before crisis becomes a catastrophe.”
Also on HuffPost:

Jayalalithaa denied bail by Karnataka HC in graft caseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Unhedged forex loans rise to 85% in July-AugustE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Now  Shiv Sena says Narendra Modi demeaned PM status  is a burden on MaharashtraE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Second and last lunar eclipse of year to occur tomorrowE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Its up  up and away for IT stocks; TCS  HCL Tech beat SensexIt’s up, up and away for IT stocks; TCS, HCL Tech beat Sensex
Devangi Gandhi | Mumbai | Updated:  Oct 08 2014, 10:34  IST
Oct 08 2014, 10:34  IST
 

IMF asks rich nations for supportHome »   Politics
IMF asks rich nations for support
IMF said cash-rich countries like Germany need to step up large public investments to help keep the flagging global recovery on track
Flipkart raising another large round of funds
In an interview on Friday, Christine Lagarde, the managing director of IMF, said global growth risked being stuck in a rut for a long time. Photo: AFP
Washington: The International Monetary Fund (IMF), showing heightened concern over a slowing world economy, said on Tuesday that cash-rich countries like Germany needed to step up large public investments to help keep the flagging global recovery on track.
The comments—from the fund’s managing director and its lead economist—reflect growing concerns within the IMF that Germany, which recently passed China as the country with the largest trade surplus in the world, is not doing enough to spur growth in Europe.
At a news conference at the start of its semiannual meeting, an event that attracts financiers, policymakers and central bankers from around the globe, the fund’s top economists highlighted a shift in the global economy in which many major nations are failing to keep up with what is still a relatively modest recovery in the US.
In an interview on Friday, Christine Lagarde , the managing director of the fund, said global growth risked being stuck in a rut for a long time. “If nothing gets done in a bold way, there is a risk of a new mediocre” level of growth for the global economy, she said.
And she took note that Germany could do more to stoke growth in Europe. “Given Germany’s current position, it could certainly spend more on infrastructure,” she said.
The fund’s growth worries were underscored on Tuesday when Germany said orders for industrial goods in August shrank by the largest amount since 2009, plunging 4% on a month-over-month basis.
For investors, the warnings in the IMF forecast and the report from Germany helped send the broad stock market down sharply on Tuesday, with the Standard and Poor’s 500 index falling 1.5%. The Dow Jones industrial Average and the Nasdaq each fell about 1.6%.
The IMF brought its estimate for global growth this year down to 3.3% from 3.7% and reduced its forecast for 2015 to 3.8%. The fund pointed to weaker growth in China, Europe, Japan and Latin America—Brazil in particular—as the main culprits behind the broad retrenchment.
Germany’s growth forecast for 2014 was cut sharply to 1.4% from 1.9%.
Its estimate for US growth in 2015, 3.1%, outpaces all major industrialized countries and exceeds, as well, a number of emerging markets, which in theory are supposed to grow at a substantially more rapid clip.
The assessment reflected a broad acceptance by global investors that, at least for the near future, the US economy was set to advance ahead of many large economies, not just in terms of growth but also in corporate profitability and international competitiveness.
As a result, large investors and central banks have become aggressive purchasers of the dollar, betting that the currency will keep rising in value against the euro, the yen and the wobbly currencies of countries like Russia, Brazil and Turkey.
Economists have been warning for some time now that a situation in which the US economy becomes the prime engine for the global recovery brings with it significant risks by creating financial uncertainty in emerging markets as currencies weaken and capital flows reverse.
“At this stage, the question is, can the US continue to power along while the rest of the world acts as a drag on global growth,” said Eswar Prasad, a professor of international finance at Cornell University and the author of a recent book on the dollar. “This is a very unbalanced recovery.”
Fund economists expect annual growth in the euro zone of just 0.8%, with inflation coming in at 0.9%—a figure that Lagarde raised pointed concerns about.
“We’ve been warning for over a year now about persistent low inflation, and frankly we faced a bit of denial—everyone said we don’t need to think about it,” she said. “But now it’s there.”
The fund unveiled this week a paper arguing that large-scale infrastructure investments, if properly undertaken, could bring relatively quick growth benefits—a message that seemed to be directed at deficit-obsessed euro zone governments, including Germany.
“Infrastructure investment, even if debt-financed, may well be justified,” Olivier Blanchard, the fund’s senior economist, said at the news conference on Tuesday.
And while he did not mention Germany by name, he left little doubt to whom he was broadly referring. “Euro zone countries should be ready to do more,” Blanchard said.
Blanchard pointed out that with interest rates at modern-day lows—Germany can borrow money for 10 years at below 1%—taking on extra debt to stimulate the economy need not be seen as profligacy.
He offered up a brief economic primer to underscore his point. “It is an irony of macroeconomics,” he said with a small smile, “that for countries with too much debt, sometimes the solution is to create more debt.”
Blanchard, who oversees economic research at the IMF, was behind the fund’s public recognition two years ago that heavy-handed austerity policies in Europe had a larger-than-expected impact on economic growth.
Now, it seems, the global watchdog seems to be going one step further by urging euro zone officials to relax their rigid austerity measures.
Both Lagarde and Blanchard also made it clear that they had their doubts about the two-year bull run in euro zone government bonds.
Lagarde, in the interview, said there was a “disconnect between what’s happening in markets and, on the other hand, progress in the real economy.”
Blanchard said the markets “were too complacent” and that policymakers should be especially watchful.
“The risk is there,” he cautioned.
The tough tone may well reflect a sense within the fund that this time around, it needs to be more forceful in warning of financial trouble spots before it is too late.
The IMF was criticized for not spotting the last financial crisis. It has responded by recently publishing a series of papers outlining how it might improve on its watchdog capabilities.
The fund has repeatedly cautioned that investors have become too reliant on very loose monetary policies on the part of global central banks to bolster their returns.
Wholesale purchases of bonds by monetary authorities have inflated equity and bond markets in countries around the world where investments were minimal and growth subpar, economists for the fund said in the report.
The warning echoes a rising chorus from economists and regulators who say that when the Federal Reserve in the US starts raising interest rates—expected to begin in 2015—so-called hot money flows that sought out high-yielding but risky returns in Europe and in emerging markets, including China, will head for safer shores.
A consequence could be a broad disruption in financial markets, similar to but greater in scope than the market spasm that hit markets in the developing world earlier this year.
©2014/THE NEW YORK TIMES

Jayalalithaa fails to get bail despite spl prosecutor s  no objection ; AIADMK men in disbelief  Tamil Nadu tenseMiscellaneous
Jayalalithaa fails to get bail despite spl prosecutor's 'no objection'; AIADMK men in disbelief, Tamil Nadu tense
Agencies | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 07 2014, 18:41  IST
Oct 07 2014, 18:41  IST
 

DMK says Jayalalithaa men committing  atrocities  in Tamil NaduE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Eric Betzig  Stefan W Hell  William E Moerner get Nobel Prize in Chemistry for super-resolved fluorescence microscopymore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Infosys long term play; all eyes on Sikka s guidance: Pros02:30 pm
With  Infosys all set to announce its second quarter numbers on Friday, the stock tanked almost 5 percent intraday on Wednesday. Times like this, the big question in the minds of the investors is should one buy the stock ahead of its results.
Earlier today, Citi downgraded the sector to neutral from overweight on October 1. It also downgraded Infosys to neutral.
Ajay Bagga, executive chairman at OPC Asset Solutions believes Infosys to be a good long-term buy. However, he says, maybe investors should avoid buying the stock ahead of earnings. "All eyes will be on the 12-18 months guidance that will be given by Vishal Sikka on Friday," he adds.
Also Read: Turning around Infosys: Vishal Sikka's action list so far
It has been a little over two months since the former SAP executive Vishal Sikka took over the reins of Infosys, becoming the first chief executive of the Bangalore-based outsourcing giant to have not come from one of its co-founders.
Concurring with the view, P Phani Sekhar, fund manager-PMS, Angel Broking says earnings most probably won't be a game changer for the company. He says what Sikka has been trying to outline has already been expertly second guessed by the market and is in the price. He advises investors to in fact use the correction to enter the stock.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Phani Sekhar and Ajay Bagga's interview with CNBC-TV18's Menaka Doshi, Anuj Singhal and Senthil Chengalvarayan.
Menaka: We have seen a big cut in Infosys today down 5 percent. A Citi downgrade coming in, Infosys now neutral on their list. How would you position yourself on Infosys ahead of the earnings?
Bagga: Ahead of the earnings you can avoid the stock right now. It is going to be very critical what the guidance comes out. What the company has been saying in various investor meets is that the new CEO Dr Sikka will lay out the guidance for the next 18-24 months. What they have been at pains to clarify that please don’t expect a buyback, we will look at utilisation of the cash and come back with a policy for that in the next few quarters. So, we are not really expecting any buyback announcement to really come in and that might be having some impact on the stock price because there is worry that how do they use this cash and is it a drag on the return on equity.
Overall I would still remain optimistic on the counter with the new management, the early moves they have made and we need to give them some time. It has to be seen as a growth stock, it is a growth story. On a 1-2 year basis I would still recommend Infosys with the caveat that within the IT space we are lucky in India to have some good options. In the shorter term you might get better returns by holding the likes of TCS, HCL Tech and Tech Mahindra. However Infosys could be a dark horse coming out of the stable on a 12-18 month basis.
Menaka: Ajay seems to be indicating that it is not yet time to sell Infosys. In fact he is talking about it being a long term buy but markets don’t seem to agree with him at this point in time?
Sekhar: I agree a lot with what Ajay has said. However I don’t see the earnings day after tomorrow to be a major game changer for me to desist from buying it. In fact I would like this correction and I would like to use this correction as an opportunity to enter the stock. There is not going to be much of a surprise in the numbers and a lot of what Dr Sikka is probably trying to outline is already being very ably being second guessed by the market. So, I don’t see much of a surprise apart from the so called laying out of the strategy which again as I said is more or less in the price.
Let me come to a larger point which is that there are concerns about the run up in the stock leading to higher valuations compared with the growth prospects. If you see the mother market which is the US, is expected to grow at 3.1 percent as per the latest IMF forecast for 2015 and it is going to be one of the bright spots in the global economy. Since Infosys derives a large part of its business from US and discretionary IT spend which was suspended from 2008 is likely to revive. It has already started reviving in small drips and drabs in the form of SMAC but that is where I think Infosys and all other IT companies will really see exciting times going ahead. It is expected to grow at a CAGR of 18-20 percent for 2014-15 and 2015-16 and for that after today\\'s correction it is trading at around 14.2 times FY16 earnings. Now contrast that with Sensex which is trading at 15 times which is at a premium but which is expected to deliver a lower growth. So, if you compare Sensex and Infosys, I think Infosys at this point in time is an excellent opportunity to get into for a long term investor.
Menaka: Where does Infosys rank on your list of IT stocks that one must buy or stay invested in on the basis of the background that you have just given us? Is it your most preferred stock right now?
Sekhar: It is because while it may not really outperform TCS in terms of revenue market share that it lost but the shear amount of productivity gains that can give you the real spring in the form of earnings expansion is much higher in Infosys as compared to TCS. So, the valuations are really showing you while Infosys is trading at 14 time FY16 earnings TCS is trading at 18-19 times. Infosys has a much better chance of bettering its consensus earnings forecast as compared to TCS. So, on a 12-18 months basis I guess Infosys can give you a better risk adjusted return compared to TCS.
Anuj: What is your call on that because the gap between TCS and Infosys if at all has in fact even widened further. We have been talking about this discount narrowing and barring a 2 or 3 month period this discount has actually always widened. So, in your sense do you think this discount is going to persists, widen further or is there scope for narrowing of this discount?
Bagga: TCS has put in a lot of distance between itself and the rest. Clearly you see a lot of talk that there is just no alternative but to own TCS if you are in Indian IT. So, I would say every portfolio you can have TCS. It is a growth stock and it is just too huge to ignore for an Indian investor. Clearly that would be my first pick in the IT sector irrespective of where the valuations are currently because it is going to surprise on the upside in terms of the earnings growth.
Infosys, I think is a longer term bet. What I would recommend - unsolicited advice is if they can raise their payout ratio, they have put in a 40 percent dividend payout ratio that is giving them a dividend yield of around 1.7-1.9 percent. If you can increase that payout ratio because you are not utilising that cash and you are putting it in liquid mutual funds or fixed deposits really not giving any returns to the shareholders and if you are not looking at a buyback or acquisitions you are talking of a USD 100 million fund which for a company of the size of Infosys is really not there at all. I would say give out more dividend and that will rerate the stock immediately. I hope something comes out tomorrow on that in terms of if they lay down a path for that on a higher payout that itself could have an impact on the valuations.
RELATED NEWS

Pranksters create panic  strap Gurgaon man with toy mobile phone  tell him it s a bombOct 08, 2014 at  07:27pm IST
Pranksters create panic, strap Gurgaon man with toy mobile phone, tell him it's a bomb
24
0
Gurgaon: A mobile phone, claimed to be a bomb and attached to the stomach of a person, created panic among people here, police said on Wednesday.
Sanjeev Naul, 35, of Gurgaon was heading towards his office in Sector 32 when four-five men travelling in a Toyota Fortuner and Mahindra Scorpio forced his Toyota Etios car to stop near the Rao Tula Ram Chowk on the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway on Wednesday afternoon.
They, then with scotch tape attached a mobile phone to his stomach, saying it was a bomb, and warned him that it will explode if he moved.
When police detached the phone, it was found to be a toy mobile set. ( Man using a smartphone , via Shutterstock)
#gurgaon #fake bomb #panic #terror
"A visibly scared Naul asked people to keep a distance from him, as he urinated out of fear of being blown to pieces before the police arrived at the spot," a senior police officer told IANS.
"Police detached the bomb, which was attached with packing scotch tape, and called the bomb defusing squad," he said.
The squad found it was a toy mobile set.
Naul runs a labour consultancy firm.
A case against unidentified people was registered at the Civil Lines police station.
"We are investigating it," the officer said.
It was unclear if it was a prank played on Naul as nothing was stolen and he was not robbed of his car.
23

Pakistan Army behind Rangers involved in ceasefire violations: Government27
1
Jammu: The Pakistani Army is standing behind the Rangers who are involved in frequent ceasefire violations along the Line of Control (LoC) in Jammu and Kashmir, Union minister Jitendra Singh said.
"There are indications that Pakistani Army is also with the Rangers," he told reporters.
He said the Border Security Force (BSF) has been able to take appropriate action over ceasefire violations due to which they (Pakistani side) are feeling frustrated.
The Pakistani Army is standing behind the Rangers who are involved in frequent ceasefire violations along the LoC in Jammu and Kashmir.
#ceasefire violation #pakistan army #jitendra singh #india
"There is a befitting reply from Indian side and the other side is also realising that the manner in which they are suffering casualties," said Singh, Minister of State in the Prime Minister's Office.
He visited border areas which have come under heavy mortar shelling and firing by Pakistani troops along the LoC.
"I had a meeting with senior officials of BSF including the Director General. I think that the people are feeling quiet vindicated that the response from this side has been quiet well unlike as it had been in earlier occasions. It is very befitting reply given from Indian side," he said.
Apparently hitting out at the previous UPA regime, he said, "This time it is not the case that they would come and take away soldiers' heads."
Singh, however, refrained from any direct attack.
"I think this is not the time to make any politically loaded statement," he said.
Pakistani troops have targeted 50 border out posts (BoPs) and 35 hamlets overnight along the 192-km boundary. The escalation has triggered an exodus, with 16,000 people moving to safer areas from border villages.
Eight people have been killed and 71 others, including BSF jawans, injured in Pakistani shelling and firing along LoC and International Border in Jammu and Poonch districts since October 1.
112

Hrithik Roshan s  Bang Bang  box office collections crashland at Rs 10 cr markHrithik Roshan's 'Bang Bang' box office collections crashland at Rs 10 cr mark
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 09 2014, 04:29  IST
Oct 09 2014, 04:29  IST
 

Samuels tops  India flops in season openerTweet
0
West Indies 321 for 6 (Samuels 126*, Ramdin 61, Shami 4-66) beat India 197 (Dhawan 68, Samuels 2-10, Dwayne Bravo 2-28) by 124 runs
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Ramdin and Samuels added 165 for the 4th wicket. (IANS)No Sunil Narine , no Chris Gayle , losses in the two practice games followed by a dispute between players and the board on the eve of the first match. When Dwayne Bravo 's letter to WICB mentioned the West Indies team morale was at "an all-time low", no one would have doubted it. Still, the visitors somehow found a way to galvanise.
Marlon Samuels , playing his first ODI in seven months, led a strong West Indies batting effort in the series opener, scoring his sixth century - his second against India - to pose a tough challenge for the hosts. With Denesh Ramdin , who scored 61, Samuels added 165 in 23.1 overs for the fourth wicket - a West Indies record against India - to convert a solid start into an imposing total. The bowlers then extracted enough help from the pitch to dismantle India's batting line-up ruthlessly. It could have been West Indies' biggest win against India in terms of runs, but a vexing last-wicket stand of 42 between Ravindra Jadeja and Mohammed Shami prevented that.
Both Samuels and Ramdin had scored runs in the two practice games, but what they did not have in those fixtures was a strong start. Today, when the two got together, the scoreboard read 120 for 3. The Indian spinners could not get any purchase nor did they exert any control, and the batsmen built slowly, finding the odd boundary and rotating the strike to keep the run rate above five at the 30-over mark.
It only got better from there. Samuels welcomed Amit Mishra , who struggled with his lines throughout the innings, with a couple of straight sixes in the 31st over, then reached his half-century in the 34th with another straight six, off Suresh Raina . Power was never an issue; Samuels found the distance when he wanted. What was noticeable was the number of singles he took to keep his strike-rate around 100 through his innings.
Ramdin took over from Samuels during the batting Powerplay, smashing a Shami full-toss over the cover boundary and helping West Indies swell their score by 16 in that over. At the other end, fielders watched as Samuels' powerful cuts pinged the boundary. That India's bowlers were losing control became apparent in the 40th over as Jadeja gave away 10 extra runs through leg-side wides. Fifty-two runs came in the Powerplay and by the end of it, West Indies' run rate had moved to six an over. Samuels reached his century with a calm dab down the ground and although West Indies lost a bit of momentum due to quick wickets, Samuels carried on with precision violence to finish unbeaten on 126.
The target of 322 would not have affected India at the outset of the chase; they have been the most successful side chasing anything above 300. The home side started confidently with Shikhar Dhawan and Ajinkya Rahane finding the boundary. As the team approached 50, Dhawan was guilty of not responding to Rahane's call for a second and both batsmen ended up at the same end, resulting in Rahane's dismissal. Virat Kohli followed in the next over, edging to first slip in a manner reminiscent of his days in England. But the slide was confirmed when Raina, who stroked an unbeaten century in the Champions League T20 final last week, played on against his Chennai Super Kings team-mate Dwayne Bravo .
The West Indies bowlers had been wayward to start with, but gathered themselves as the pitch quickened up. Taylor found pace, the medium pacers found movement and the spinners found the right lengths. India's batsmen appeared all at sea, a bit like their spinners and fielders in the first innings. At the toss, Dhoni had said he was clear on the spinners for the World Cup, but wanted the seamers to settle. However, it was the spinners who failed to apply pressure today and ended up with a combined tally of 22-0-144-2. With a maximum of nine games remaining before the World Cup, India, the defending champions, have a few chinks to mend.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Delhi: Under-secretary of Staff Selection Commission arrested for rape64
0
New Delhi: A 29-year-old married woman has accused an Under Secretary of the Staff Selection Commission of raping her following which the official was arrested by the police.
According to police, the accused, identified as 55-year-old Neshram was arrested by the staff of Vasant Kunj (South) Police Station on Monday after the woman and her husband registered a complaint with the police.
"Neshram was known to the victim's husband, who works at the airport. The accused frequented their house and had assured the woman of getting her a job in the SSC," said a police official quoting the victim's statement.
A 29-year-old married woman has accused an Under Secretary of the Staff Selection Commission of raping her following his arrest.
#under secretary #rape #staff selection commission
Neshram, who hails from Maharashtra lives with his family in Vasant Kunj area. His wife and children had gone to Maharashtra.
On Monday afternoon, Neshram reached the victim's house when her husband was away and allegedly forced himself upon her.
When the victim's husband returned home, she told him about the incident following which they approached the police and registered a case. The woman was sent for medical examination which confirmed rape following which Neshram was arrested.
He was produced before a local court which sent him to 14 days judicial custody.
250

First person diagnosed with Ebola in US dies in Texas hospitalOct 08, 2014 at 11:16pm IST
First person diagnosed with Ebola in US dies in Texas hospital
53
0
Dallas: A Liberian man who was the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States died in a Texas hospital on Wednesday, his case having put health authorities on alert for the deadly virus spreading outside of West Africa.
About 48 people who had direct or indirect contact with the man since he arrived in the United States from Liberia on September 20 are being monitored, but none have yet shown any symptoms, according to health officials.
"It is with profound sadness and heartfelt disappointment that we must inform you of the death of Thomas Eric Duncan this morning at 7:51 am," Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas spokesman Wendell Watson said in an emailed statement.
About 48 people who had direct or indirect contact with the man since he arrived in the United States from Liberia on September 20 are being monitored.
#ebola #ebola virus #dallas #us
Duncan's case has led to expanded efforts by US authorities to combat the spread of Ebola at its source in West Africa and raised questions about the effectiveness of airport screening and hospital preparedness.
Duncan became ill after arriving in Dallas to visit family. He went to the Dallas hospital on Sept. 25, but was initially sent home with antibiotics. His condition worsened, he returned Sept. 28 by ambulance and was diagnosed with Ebola, which has killed more than 3,400 people in the worst-hit impoverished countries of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
"I am in tears. All of us are in tears," Wilfred Smallwood, Duncan's half brother, said from his home in Phoenix, Arizona.
The current Ebola outbreak began in March and has killed nearly half of those infected, according to the World Health Organization. Ebola can take as long as three weeks before its victims show symptoms, at which point the disease becomes contagious. Ebola, which can cause fever, vomiting and diarrhea, spreads through contact with bodily fluids such as blood or saliva.
While several American patients have been flown to the United States from West Africa for treatment, Duncan was the first person to start showing symptoms on US soil.
A nurse in Spain who treated a priest who worked in West Africa is also infected.
US Secretary of State John Kerry on Wednesday appealed to other governments to do more to help contain the spread of Ebola, urged countries not to shut their borders and told airlines to keep flying to West Africa.
"More countries can and must step up," Kerry said.
Shares of biotech companies linked to the development of treatments against Ebola reacted sharply on Wednesday to Duncan's death. Shares in Chimerix, whose experimental Ebola drug was being administered to Duncan, tumbled 9.5 percent to $30.08. US-traded shares of Tekmira Pharmaceuticals Corp, whose treatment has been used in other Ebola patients, sharply pared losses, briefly turning positive after having fallen as much as 8.8 percent earlier.
AIRPORT SCREENING
Duncan was able to fly to the United States from Liberia's capital Monrovia because he did not have a fever when screened at the airport and filled out a questionnaire saying he had not been in contact with anyone infected with Ebola.
Liberian officials have said that Duncan lied on the questionnaire and had been in contact with a pregnant woman who later died of the disease.
The United States will begin imposing new screening measures to travelers arriving from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea as soon as this weekend, CNN reported on Wednesday. The additional screening could also be extended to passengers from other nations struggling with the outbreak, said the report, citing the US government.
Officials have said as many as 48 people may have been exposed to the disease by Duncan, and that the 10 people at highest risk are cooperating with public health authorities by staying in quarantine voluntarily. The other 38 people who may have been exposed are being checked routinely for fever.
"The past week has been an enormous test of our health system, but for one family it has been far more personal. Today they lost a dear member of their family. They have our sincere condolences, and we are keeping them in our thoughts," David Lakey, commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services said in a statement.
US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Director Dr. Thomas Frieden said he was confident the disease would not spread widely within the United States.
150

Sensex near 2-month low; oil stocks riseSensex near 2-month low; oil stocks rise
Reuters | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 10:40 PM IST
The BSE Sensex fell for a third straight session on Wednesday to its lowest closing level in nearly two months, as exporters slumped after weak macroeconomic data stoked worries about global economic growth.
Losses, however, were limited as cyclical stocks gained after the International Monetary Fund (IMF) raised its FY15 gross domestic product (GDP) growth estimate for India to 5.6 per cent from 5.4 per cent, raising hopes of a much-talked-about cyclical recovery in the domestic economy. "A large part of today's fall is due to underperformance in the IT sector," said Vinod Nair, head of fundamental research at Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services Ltd.
Investors were cautious ahead of the minutes of the US Federal Reserve's last policy meet due later in the day.
The benchmark BSE Sensex fell 0.1 per cent, or 25.18 points, to 26,246.79, while the broader Nifty dropped 0.12 per cent, or 9.70 points, to 7,842.70. Both the indexes marked their second consecutive close below the 50-day moving average and lowest close since August 14.
Exporters led losses. Infosys fell 1.2 per cent after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "buy", saying "positives are adequately discounted." Tech Mahindra fell 4.7 per cent after Citigroup cut its rating to "sell" from "neutral", while Mindtree lost four per cent after a downgrade to "sell" from "buy".
Pharmaceutical exporters also declined as investors pared positions ahead of the July-September earnings season. Sun Pharmaceutical Industries fell 4.2 per cent, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories lost 4.3 per cent and Cipla ended down 2.8 per cent.
Jubilant FoodWorks fell 1.2 per cent after rival Yum Brands cut its 2014 earnings forecast on Tuesday.
Oil companies surged after Brent fell to a 27-month low on concerns about global growth and oil glut. Hindustan Petroleum Corp surged 5.6 per cent, Indian Oil Corp jumped 6.9 per cent and Bharat Petroleum Corp advanced 3.7 per cent.
Among explorers, Oil and Natural Gas Corp gained 2.4 per cent, while Oil India rose 1.2 per cent.

Domestic phone makers not enthused by Make ...Micromax & Karbonn not enthused about local manufacturing under Narendra Modi’s ‘Make in India’ project
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 10.14AM IST
Tags:
Karbonn
(Nidec, a Japanese manufacturer…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pet 'Make in India' project has so far attracted Rs 2,000 crore of investment proposals, but none from homegrown mobile handset companies who get their products manufactured in China.
"Most of the investment (proposals) are across automotive engineering and other electronic products" under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (M-SIPS), a senior government official told ET. The programme seeks to promote large-scale manufacturing and attract domestic and global investments in the electronics manufacturing segment.
Nidec, a Japanese manufacturer of electric motors, is one such company that has recently made a proposal, this official said. He declined to provide other names.
Indian smartphone vendors such as Micromax and Karbonn are not enthused about local manufacturing, as they feel setting up facilities in the country without the entire ecosystem - such as supply of components - being available to them will harm their price competitiveness.
Meanwhile, the government is planning to tweak the special package scheme to further boost investment.
"One very strong feedback received was that the special incentives were released very late and this was hampering business," another government official said.
The government is planning to reduce the time span within which financial support is provided to investors.
"For instance, currently, under M-SIPS, the government releases the 25% it contributes towards a project after two years of the concerned company's investment," the second official said. The government is looking at releasing its support in shorter intervals of time.
The government is also considering extending the benefits of MSIPS for five more years and add more items for grant of incentives to meet the government target of bringing net imports to zero by 2020.
In a Cabinet note drafted by the Ministry of Communications and IT, reviewed by ET, the applicability for M-SIPS should be extended to 2020, from the earlier deadline of July 2015. The programme, first approved in 2012, provides for reimbursement of central taxes for select, technologyand capital-intensive products like chip manufacturing.
For other electronics manufacturing projects, it provides a subsidy of 20% on capital investment made in special economic zone and 25% in non-SEZ areas.
The proposal now is to include LED, solar cells, smart cards, nano-electronic components and many more for reimbursement of central taxes. There are also demands to cover consumer appliances like fully automatic washing machines, air conditioners, microwave ovens, refrigerators, multi-functional electronic devices, Internet of Things products and capital equipment for electronic manufacturing under the 20-25% subsidy scheme.
The government is planning to reduce the minimum investment limit to qualify for the programme by up to 90% to Rs 10 crore, from Rs 100 crore.
However, smartphone vendors say these government steps alone won't make them consider local manufacturing. "It will take much more than just monetary support to set up a base in the country," a senior executive of a smartphone vendor told ET.
"Nothing is yet available to us here. In China, while designing a phone, for each component we can chose from several options. The cells, cameras, plastic and the metallic body to name a few." Modi recently launched the Make in India campaign to make India a manufacturing hub to help boost jobs and growth.
India imports electronics goods worth $100 billion a year. This bill is expected to cross $400 billion by 2020 unless India starts manufacturing locally.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Yamaha Chennai plant to go on stream in NovE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nilekani lauds Modi for continuing AadhaarNilekani lauds Modi for continuing Aadhaar
Maruti  Hyundai recover; Mahindra struggling...Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
Rakesh Srivastava , senior vice president of sales and marketing at Hyundai India, is a relieved man these days. He's sold a lot more cars in the last six months: growth of 12.7% in July, 19.2% in August and 14.5% in September. Importantly, from his perspective of sustaining that momentum, the first-time car buyer is back. "An average growth of 5% is seen in the festive season," he says.
"This year, we anticipate 10%-15% due to a slew of new launches." Several auto companies have new models, and these are playing a key role in pulling prospective buyers into the showroom. For example, the second-generation Hyundai i20 has received 20,000 bookings, Honda Mobilio 19,000 and Tata Zest 10,000, according to company figures. Elsewhere, Hero MotoCorp, whose historical positioning has been motorcycles for the masses, has launched a premium range.
Along with the carrot of new models, companies are supporting their dealers, and throwing in incentives like exchange schemes, giveaways, and easy and quick financing. Hero MotoCorp is offering an exchange scheme, a first for a two-wheeler company. "Maruti is actively supporting us," says Sandeep Bafna , a dealer of Hero and Maruti in Mumbai.
He adds that even banks are enabling quicker financing with lesser paperwork. Consumers are biting. "(During the slowdown), the percentage of indecisive consumers was higher," says Sumit Gupta , director of Gen Next Motors , a Renault dealer in Mumbai. "Today, consumers are taking faster purchase decisions." Adds Ashok Khanna , senior executive vice-president and business head, vehicle loans, HDFC Bank: "We are doing more business." In India, if Maruti Suzuki grows, the industry grows, points out VG Ramakrishnan, MD at Frost & Sullivan, a consultancy.
Maruti has grown 19.9% in July, 29.3% in August and 9.8% in September. But BVR Subbu, former chief of Hyundai India and now an independent auto consultant, adds a rider to the wholesale numbers auto companies put. "Wholesale numbers are more building stocks at the dealer end," he says. "The day car companies give retail numbers, only then can a visible trend be seen." In four-wheelers, leaders Maruti and Hyundai are growing smartly. But it's not a secular trend. Below them, some like Mahindra, Toyota and Ford are still struggling to grow.
Growth is relatively more secular in two-wheelers. "Consumer sentiment is a confluence of events, including lower interest rates and managing the operating cost of a vehicle," says Mahantesh Sabarad, deputy head research at SBICAP Securities. "It (interest rates) has to come to lower levels for demand to jump." Auto companies have endured a brutal slowdown that spanned nearly 24 months — four-wheeler sales crawled 2% in 2012-13 and fell 6% in 2013-14. There are early signs of a change. Honda, Ford and Fiat (which also produces Tata cars) are hiring, adding new shifts to produce more, and placing more orders with suppliers.
For instance, two-wheeler maker Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India (HMSI), which has been bucking the trend over the past few years, has re-engineered its facility to deliver 15% more output during the festive season. It's made a solid start to the festive season. YS Guleria, senior VP, sales and marketing, says HMSI doubled sales in Maharashtra during the 10-day period around Ganesh Chaturthi. "The monsoon has recovered, its impact has minimised and it will further boost rural buying," he adds.
"We expect the second half to be much better." According to Harish Lakshman of Rane TRW Steering Systems, a component maker, the auto sector is beginning a new growth cycle. "We expect capacity utilisation to touch 85%-90% next year, from 60% currently," says Lakshman, the company's managing director. "This year will see moderate growth. I'm sure 2015-16 and 2016-17 will be extremely good years."
YOU MAY ALSO BE INTERESTED IN
9 Oct 2014, 02:21
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:

Top 5 IT players may report robust Q2 growth | Airtel may report gainsTop 5 IT players likely to report robust growth in Q2
Ranjit Shinde, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 10.16AM IST
(A lack of sharp appreciation…)
Top IT stocks fell sharply on Wednesday after touching record intra-day levels a day earlier. Citi Research India, in a report, said it was toning down optimism over the sector's future performance, apart from downgrading Infosys ratings from buy to neutral, Tech Mahindra from neutral to sell, and Mindtree from buy to sell, a move which left investors wary of the sector. These stocks may exhibit greater volatility in coming weeks, depending on the quarterly performance of the companies.
However, despite the scepticism, top five IT players are expected to report robust sequential growth in revenue and net profit for the September 2014 quarter because of better demand traction in the US and a reviving European market for IT outsourcing. A lack of sharp appreciation in the rupee against major currencies compared with the quarter-ago levels, too, augurs well.
The sample of TCS, Infosys, Wipro and Tech Mahindra is expected to report a growth of 5.7% in sales and 3% in net profit sequentially. It's based on average of estimates reported by eight brokerages, including Barclays Research India, Citi Research India, Edelweiss Securities, Kotak Institutional Equities, Motilal Oswal Securities, MSFL, Anand Rathi Research and Religare Institutional Research, and internal estimates of the ET Intelligence Group.
Compare this with a lacklustre 0.1% growth in revenue and 1.9% drop in profit sequentially for the June 2014 quarter. TCS will stand out due to expected higher organic growth and the benefit from integration with Mitsubishi joint venture.
Historically, the demand scenario is upbeat during the September quarter for Indian IT outsourcing companies. This will benefit top players such as TCS and HCL Technologies, which have shown aggression in bagging large multi-year projects from the US and European clients.
Among the top five, TCS is expected to report the highest dollar-denominated revenue growth of 5-7% sequentially. Apart from growth in existing business, it also includes an increase of 2-2.5% due to integration of revenue from the joint venture with Mitsubishi. This will translate into 8% growth in revenue at Rs 23,847 crore, according to average estimates.
Other players in the top five are likely to report 4-4.5% revenue growth in rupee terms. Apart from revenue growth, TCS will also lead the pack on the net profit front with a likely 7% growth sequentially. Companies including Wipro and HCL Tech are likely to show deceleration in net profit due to the impact of increase in wages. Their operating margin is expected to drop by 30-40 basis points.
Investors will closely track the management commentary of Infosys for initial signs of recovery. It will be the first full quarter for the company under new CEO Vishal Sikka.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Festive season cheer: Companies looking to hire more and reward betterCompanies looking to hire more and reward better
Sreeradha D Basu, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 06.57AM IST
(Chakraborty expects…)
Banker Sandeep Vaswani (name changed) lives in a plush rented apartment in South Mumbai and is currently repaying a home loan on a suburban flat. His homemaker wife and he are expecting their first child next year. Yet, they are planning to buy a second car — a Ford Fiesta — during Diwali, with a loan.
Even a year ago, admits Vaswani, given the overall job scenario and the prevalent insecurity, the idea of buying another car wouldn't have been something he dared contemplate. Now, he's a lot more upbeat.
Vaswani has just changed jobs, at a 30% hike that has taken his annual salary to about Rs 40 lakh. Right before quitting, he netted a bonus of Rs 2 lakh. Last year, he says, he would have saved it for contingencies. This year, it's going towards a holiday in the Far East and a high-end TV. "Things are looking good. I'm not worried," he says.
Shaping Vaswani's optimism is a lift in macroeconomic numbers and anecdotal evidence of a job market shaking off its lethargy. According to the Michael Page Salary and Employment forecast for India 2014, 70% of the 288 employers surveyed expect to increase headcount in the next 12 months, against 58% in its 2013 forecast. "The overall salary outlay has gone up," says Rituparna Chakraborty, co-founder and senior VP, TeamLease, a staffing company. "There is a lot of intake, even of freshers or those with very little experience."
For the festive season till end-January, Chakraborty expects temporary hiring in consumer durables, e-commerce, hospitality, airlines and travel portals to exceed the annual average by around 50%. Even at the permanent level, there is evidence of more hiring, led by IT/telecom (23% of total hiring), manufacturing and engineering (17%), and banking and financial services (10%), according to Timesjobs.com.
Healthcare/biotechnology, real estate and IT/telecom, it adds, are sectors that have made the most dramatic improvement over last year. The expectation is of higher salaries. Based on conversations with six executives from search firms, during job switches, the hike is 25%-30% for senior executives and 25%-40% at the middle management level. There has been an increase in counter-offers. And sign-on bonuses and guaranteed stock options are making a comeback. The TeamLease Jobs & Salaries Primer expects a growth of 11.3% in jobs this fiscal, with professionals with niche talent commanding increments of above 20%.
Anandorup Ghose, leader of Aon Hewitt India's rewards consulting practice, feels companies will give more to their employees in 2015 — at least 0.6 percentage points — than the 10% it forecast for 2014. TeamLease chairman Manish Sabharwal believes domestic consumption and job creation have entered a virtuous cycle.
"Higher confidence in a better future is leading to higher consumption, which, in turn, is driving job creation in functions like sales, customer service and logistics," he says. India has entered a cyclical uptrend, he adds, which has the potential to become a structural uptrend if difficult reform decisions are taken.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New urea investment policy notifiedNew urea investment policy notified
PRECIOUS-Gold rises to near 2-week high as U.S. rate hike fears easePRECIOUS-Gold rises to near 2-week high as U.S. rate hike fears ease
Everything will be fine soon  says Modi as Pak hits 60 BSF posts in overnight firingComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Wednesday 'everything will be fine soon' on the border a day after India summoned the Pakistani deputy high commissioner in New Delhi to lodge a strong protest over repeated ceasefire violations.
At least 17 civilians have been killed and dozens wounded so far on both sides of the border after a week of some of the most intense fighting between India and Pakistan in about a decade.
The violence has further strained relations between the two countries that hit a low after New Delhi called off bilateral talks in August following the Pakistani high commissioner’s meeting with Kashmiri separatist leaders.
“Everything will be fine soon,” Modi told reporters at a function in New Delhi to mark the 82nd Air Force day.
Read: India summons Pak envoy over row
HT has learnt that India has taken up the ceasefire violation issue with Pakistan more than once in the past week as part of the “diplomatic initiatives” to end the impasse. According to sources, the Pakistan envoy was told on Tuesday that “unprovoked firing from across the border that also continues to target civilians” must stop.
Fighting intensified along the international border on Tuesday night and carried on till morning as Pakistani troops hit about 50 Indian outposts and three dozen hamlets with mortars and machine guns, killing two women of a family and wounding at least 15.
Read: India adopting Israel model against Pakistan: Bilawal
Intelligence sources said India hit back by pounding 37 Pakistani posts that left about 15 dead and damaged several Pakistan Rangers outposts. “Our troops at all the places gave a strong and befitting reply to firing from Pakistan,” a Border Security Force (BSF) spokesperson said.
The BSF has given a detailed report of the situation to the ministry of external affairs to diplomatically take up the issue with Pakistan. BSF chief DK Pathak will meet Union home minister Rajnath Singh and National Security Adviser (NSA) Ajit Doval on Thursday to give an account of the situation on the ground.
Thousands have fled their homes on both sides of the 192-kilometre international border since the fighting broke on Sunday night.
Analysts say the violence comes at a time when Pakistan's army is taking a more assertive role in the country’s politics while India has toughened its stance ahead of assembly elections this month.
Read: We should be valorous against Pak tactics
Islamabad summoned India’s deputy high commissioner JP Singh on Monday to lodge a protest over alleged ceasefire violations by India and raised the pitch by lodging a protest with the UN Military Observer Group over what it termed as India’s aggression.
However, India maintains the UN body has outlived its utility and all bilateral issues should be discussed under the framework of the Simla agreement and Lahore declaration. The ceasefire pact of 2003 is seen as the most important confidence-building measure between the two sides.
India and Pakistan exchange fire on the border sporadically but this year has been particularly volatile as Jammu and Kashmir is due for assembly polls and Pakistan typically ratchets up border tensions every time the state holds elections.
Read: India to continue tough response to Pakistan firing
A terse eight-minute phone conversation on Tuesday between officers of the Directorate-General of Military Operations of India and Pakistan ended with brigadiers from both sides trading accusations.
The moderate wing of the Kashmiri separatist group Hurriyat Conference asked both countries to end hostilities along the border and resume the stalled dialogue process to resolve outstanding issues.
(With inputs from Rajesh Ahuja and agencies)

Prayer vigil held at Indiana campus for American held by Islamic StatePrayer vigil held at Indiana campus for American held by Islamic State
Industrial Output Likely Rose 2.4% in August: Reuters PollFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Bangalore:
Indian industrial output probably bounced in August from a four-month low, driven by solid growth in core industries, although a broader economic recovery is likely still some distance away, a Reuters poll found.
Production at factories, mines and utilities likely rose an annual 2.4 per cent in August, up from July's 0.5 per cent rise, according to the survey of 26 economists. The government will release the output data on Friday.
The consensus reflects optimism about higher production in the electricity, cement, coal and steel industries.
Data last week showed output in eight core industries, which account for more than a third of overall factory production, rose 5.8 per cent in August on a year earlier, up from 2.7 per cent in July.
But manufacturing output has more catching up to do. Growth there is well below the near 10 per cent peak in late 2009 and 2011 - in part due to stubbornly-high inflation and borrowing costs which have led to weak investment and demand.
"The more important point really is that even if it (factory output) shows a slight pickup...it is still extremely weak and shows a lot more work still needs to done," said Shilan Shah, economist at Capital Economics.
Private surveys are telling a similar story. Factory activity expanded at its weakest pace in nine months in September as growth in new orders slowed, according to HSBC's PMI survey of businesses.
"PMIs in the last couple of months have...fallen back and although the relationship isn't exactly one-to-one, (they) suggest that IP is going to remain very weak," Shah added.
The afterglow of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's election victory in May helped India's lumbering economy register its fastest growth in two-and-a-half years for the quarter ending in June.
But Modi is yet to launch big-bang reforms needed to propel the economy back to a near double-digit annual growth and bring down stubbornly high inflation. Soaring prices of essential food items have squeezed India's consumers and in turn, has hurt capital investment.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Gold rises to near 2-week high as US rate hike fears easeOct 09, 2014, 08.08 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Gold rises to near 2-week high as US rate hike fears ease
Spot gold rose to USD 1,223.61 an ounce early on Thursday, before paring gains to trade down 0.2 percent at USD 1,219.30 by 0036 GMT. The metal had risen for three days in a row before Thursday.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold rises to near 2-week high as US rate hike fears ease
Spot gold rose to USD 1,223.61 an ounce early on Thursday, before paring gains to trade down 0.2 percent at USD 1,219.30 by 0036 GMT. The metal had risen for three days in a row before Thursday.
Post your opinion here
 
Gold climbed to its highest in nearly two weeks on Thursday as expectations of an early hike in US  interest rates eased and the dollar lost traction after the release of minutes of the last Federal Reserve policy meeting.
FUNDAMENTALS
* Spot gold rose to USD 1,223.61 an ounce early on Thursday, before paring gains to trade down 0.2 percent at USD 1,219.30 by 0036 GMT. The metal had risen for three days in a row before Thursday.
* US gold futures jumped over 1 percent to USD 1,224.30 - also close to a two-week peak, while silver futures rose nearly 2 percent.
* Fed officials want to tie an interest-rate rise to US economic progress, but the minutes of their last policy meeting show they are struggling with how to come to grips with the dual threats of a stronger dollar and a global slowdown.
* The minutes of the Sept. 16-17 meeting, released on Wednesday, expressed concern the rising dollar could slow a needed rebound in inflation, and also highlighted economic turmoil in Europe and Asia.
* The minutes prompted investors to bet that the Fed is in no rush to tighten after years of monetary stimulus.
* The US dollar, which has risen in the last 12 weeks, hit a two-week low, boosting gold's appeal.
* Bullion investors had feared that strong US  economic data would prompt the Fed to boost rates soon, a move that would dent demand for non-interest-bearing gold.
* Despite the uptick in gold prices this week, sentiment remained bearish as gold remains close to the key USD 1,200-an-ounce level.
* Holdings in SPDR Gold Trust, the world's top gold-backed exchange-traded fund and a good proxy for market sentiment, fell 5.38 tonnes to 762.09 tonnes on Wednesday -- the lowest since December 2008.
MARKET NEWS
* US  stocks soared and the dollar fell on Wednesday on a wave of investor relief after the Fed said it does not plan to hike interest rates before the economy can support an increase.
RELATED NEWS

Nikkei lifted by Fed minutes  but stronger yen clouds outlookNikkei lifted by Fed minutes  but stronger yen clouds outlook
Twitter News Chief Steps Down in Latest Executive DepartureTwitter News Chief Steps Down in Latest Executive Departure
Pricing petrol to market sticky when Brent crude prices fallPricing petrol to market sticky when Brent crude prices fall
Hyderabad: Doused with kerosene  11-year-old boy battles for life5
0
Hyderabad: An eleven-year-old boy was battling for life after he was apparently set on fire in the high security military area in Mehdipatnam on Wednesday, police said.
"The boy was found burnt after being doused with kerosene in the military area. He suffered 90 per cent burn injuries in the incident," ACP (Asifnagar division) D Srinivas said.
The boy was at first taken to a government hospital and then shifted to a private hospital after the incident which occurred at around 2.45 pm, he said. Hyderabad Police Commissioner M Mahender Reddy and other senior officers visited the spot, the ACP said, adding that investigation is underway as to who and how the boy was set on fire.
"A case has been registered in connection with the matter," the senior police officer said.
#hyderabad #mehdipatnam #hyderabad police
Additional forces were rushed to the spot, the ACP said when asked if tension prevailed in the area following the incident. "A case has been registered in connection with the matter," the senior police officer said but did not divulge under what sections and which Act the case was booked.
0

Nokia to suspend production at Chennai plantUpdated: October 8, 2014 03:00 IST
Nokia to suspend production at Chennai plant
Special Correspondent
productivity
Nokia said it would suspend handset manufacturing at its Chennai plant from November 1, citing termination of the services agreement with Microsoft.
The Sriperumbudur facility was one of its biggest plants globally.The plant was not part of Microsoft’s $7.2-billion acquisition of Nokia’s handset business due to a tax dispute with the Union government. Nokia is also facing a commercial tax case with the Tamil Nadu government.
Nokia had earlier stated that the plant would continue to operate as a contract manufacturer for Microsoft.
It also said it was now evaluating options to minimise the impact on existing employees at the Chennai manufacturing facility. It will share further information once details have been finalised, besides informing all stakeholders, including the Labour Commissioner, of the suspension, the company said in the statement. Nokia had rolled out a voluntary retirement scheme and around 5,000 employees had opted for it.

Nobel Prize In Physics Awarded To American  Japanese ScientistsPrevious Story
Next Story
Nobel Prize For Physics 2014: Isamu Akasaki, Hiroshi Amano And Shuji Nakamura Honored For Blue LED Invention
The Hufffington Post  | By                                                                Jade Walker
Posted:
The 2014 Nobel Prize in Physics was awarded on Tuesday to Isamu Akasaki, Hiroshi Amano and Shuji Nakamura for the invention of efficient blue light-emitting diodes (LEDs) , which have "enabled bright and energy-saving white light sources."
Akasaki , 85, of Japan, is a professor at Meijo University, Nagoya and a distinguished professor at Nagoya University. Since the 1960s, Akasaki has been researching ways to overcome the roadblocks facing high-performance blue LEDs and lasers. For his efforts, he has received the 2009 Kyoto Prize for Advanced Technology and the 2011 IEEE Edison Medal.
Amano , 54, of Japan, is also a professor at Nagoya University.
Nakamura , 60, a Japanese-American, is a professor in the College of Engineering at the University of California, Santa Barbara. A recipient of the 2006 Millennium Technology Prize and the 2009 Harvey Prize, Nakamura has also worked on green LEDs , and created the white LED and blue laser diodes that are used in Blu-Ray discs and HD DVDs.
Red and green light-emitting diodes had been around for decades, but without blue light, white lamps could not be created. Working together and separately, Akasaki, Amano and Nakamura devised those bright blue beams from their semiconductors, and launched "a fundamental transformation in light technology."
The principle for light-emitting diodes LED (upper left) and an example of a blue LED lamp. #nobelprize2014 #Physics pic.twitter.com/cxzXyP7zoj

The evergreen diva charms everyone on Kapil s showCelebrity
Rekha on 'Comedy Nights with Kapil'
Directed by Indra Kumar and produced by Indra Kumar and Ashok Thakeria, SUPER NANI is an ode to woman power and releases this October.
While Rekha is waiting for the release of her film 'Super Nani', she was recenty spotted on the sets of 'Comedy Nights with Kapil'.
1 / 17
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Tue 7 Oct, 2014 3:30 PM IST

Sierra Leone: strike leaves Ebola dead on streetsEmpty streets are seen during a three-day lockdown to prevent the spread on the Ebola virus, in Freetown, Sierra Leone, Sunday, Sept. 21, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Freetown | Posted: October 8, 2014 1:44 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 1:48 pm
The Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation says bodies of Ebola victims have been left in the streets because of a strike by burial teams, who complain they have not been paid.
Health Ministry spokesman Sidie Yahya Tunis says the situation is “very embarrassing” and said money was available to pay the teams. He promised to provide more information on Wednesday.
A man travels along a street in his wheelchair during a three-day lockdown to prevent the spread on the Ebola virus in Freetown, Sierra Leone, Sunday, Sept. 21, 2014. (Source: AP)
The World Health Organization says Ebola is believed to have killed more than 600 people in Sierra Leone.
In Spain, officials said a fourth person has been placed under observation for Ebola in a Madrid hospital where a nursing assistant that became infected after working with two victims from Sierra Leone and Liberia, who later died. The infected woman’s husband is among those being observed.

RBI Starts to Monitor Growing Trades by Firms in Debt Markets: ReportGold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Mumbai: Worried by a surge in trading in debt markets by companies, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed its supervision team to monitor and survey such trades for the first time, several sources with direct knowledge of the situation said.
 
The move by the RBI reflects concerns that companies which are building large trading positions in debt and currency markets could pose risks to financial market stability, sources said. 
 
Currently, there is a regulatory gray area about who supervises trades by companies in those markets.
 
"There is a surveillance team which is looking into the deals between banks and corporates. It is easier to get data from the banking side since the Reserve Bank controls them. The team is on the job," a policymaker directly aware of the developments said.
 
The official declined to specify what specific risks the team was probing. The sources declined to be identified because the information has not been made public.
 
The RBI was not immediately available to comment.
 

Infy cracks 5% as Citi cuts it to  neutral  from  buyYou are here: Home > Collections > Citigroup
Infosys slips after Citi downgrades stock ahead of results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 8, 2014, 01.02PM IST
Tags:
Analyst Recommendation
(Infosys Ltd plunged as much…)
NEW DELHI: Infosys Ltd plunged as much as 4.88 per cent in trade on Wednesday, after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "buy." However, they have increased the 12-month target price to Rs 4065 from Rs 3875 earlier.
Infosys has outperformed the market by 10 per cent post the 1Q results and the stock is now trading at 17x 1-year forward earnings. The IT major is scheduled to report its results for the quarter ended September 30 on Friday.
"The company has done well on the cost initiatives and a new management team is in now in place - these positives are adequately discounted in the multiple and consistent pick-up may not be easy - post the rerating, we downgrade to Neutral," said the global investment bank.
At 12:03 p.m, Infosys was trading 3.9 per cent lower at Rs 3681. It hit a low of Rs 3667.10 and a high of Rs 3800 in trade today.
Citigroup expects Infosys to deliver 3.2 per cent QoQ revenue growth, decent in the context of the volatility the company has faced in the past many quarters. The upper end of the FY guidance may be revised lower given the cross-currency movements.
"We expect margins to improve 80 bps due to INR depreciation and lower visa costs qoq. Comments on any strategic changes by the new CEO would be a key investor focus," said the report.
The global investment bank has revised estimates marginally by 5%, incorporating revised currency forecasts (Rs61/$ now vs Rs59.5/$ earlier) and some changes to our revenue/margin assumptions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

McNally  BEML up 5% on orders for water system  metro carsOct 08, 2014, 03.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
McNally, BEML up 5% on orders for water system, metro cars
"The company has received an order for construction of water system for a thermal power project for a value of Rs 305.13 crore (approximately)," said McNally in its filing to BSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
McNally, BEML up 5% on orders for water system, metro cars
"The company has received an order for construction of water system for a thermal power project for a value of Rs 305.13 crore (approximately)," said McNally in its filing to BSE.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  McNally Bharat Engineering and BEML spiked as much as 5 percent intraday Wednesday on bagging orders worth Rs 305 crore and Rs 570 crore, respectively.
"The company has received an order for construction of water system for a thermal power project for a value of Rs 305.13 crore (approximately)," said McNally in its filing to BSE.
Meanwhile, BEML , the premier manufacturer of metro cars, said it has bagged a order worth Rs 570 crore from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation for the supply of 70 cars which are addition to 95 cars being manufactured for Delhi Metro.
With this order, the order book position of the company (representing all three business verticals namely mining & construction, rail & metro and defence business, has crossed Rs 6,400 crore mark, it added.
At 15:15 hours IST, the scrip of Mcnally Bharat Engineering climbed 1.95 percent to Rs 91.65 and BEML rose 0.85 percent to Rs 582.05 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Apple s Siri could crash your carOct 08, 2014 at  04:51pm IST
Apple's Siri could crash your car
17
0
Washington: Just because you can talk to your car doesn't mean you should. Two new studies have found that voice-activated smartphones and dashboard infotainment systems may be making the distracted-driving problem worse instead of better.
The systems let drivers do things like tune the radio, send a text message, or make a phone call while keeping their eyes on the road and their hands on the wheel, but many of these systems are so error-prone or complex that they require more concentration from drivers rather than less, according to studies released Tuesday by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety and the University of Utah.
One study examined infotainment systems in some of the most common auto brands on the road: Chevrolet, Chrysler, Ford, Hyundai and Mercedes. The second study tested the Apple iPhone's Siri voice system to navigate, send texts, make Facebook and Twitter posts, and use the calendar without handling or looking at the phone. Apple and Google are working with automakers to mesh smartphones with infotainment systems so that drivers can bring their apps, navigation and music files into their cars.
Apple's Siri received the worst rating, 4.14, in the tests. Twice test drivers using Siri in a driving simulator rear-ended another car. ( Car crash , via Shutterstock)
#siri #apple #voice activated smartphones #dashboard infotainment systems
The voice-activated systems were graded on a distraction scale of 1 to 5, with 1 representing no distraction and 5 comparable to doing complex math problems and word memorization.
The systems were tested by 162 university students and other volunteers in three settings: a laboratory, a driving simulator and in cars while driving through a Salt Lake City neighbourhood.
Apple's Siri received the worst rating, 4.14. Twice test drivers using Siri in a driving simulator rear-ended another car.
Chevrolet's MyLink received the worst rating, 3.7, among the infotainment systems. Infotainment systems from three other automakers - Mercedes, Ford and Chrysler - also were rated more distracting for drivers than simply talking on a handheld cellphone. Most of the cars were 2013 model year vehicles.
"What we continue to see from customers is that they demand this level of technology in their vehicles, that access to music and access to calls is now a critical part of the driving experience and so we're looking at innovative ways to provide that," said Chevrolet spokeswoman Annalisa Bluhm.
Apple noted in a statement that researchers didn't use the company's CarPlay or Siri Eyes Free, which are designed for use in cars. However, David Strayer, the University of Utah psychology professor who led the two studies, said researchers consulted with Apple before beginning the study. The study used an iOS 7 version of Siri that was tweaked to be nearly identical to the iOS 8 version, which was just recently released, he said.
The systems with the worst ratings were those that made errors even though drivers' voice commands were clear and distinct, said Strayer. Drivers had to concentrate on exactly what words they wanted to use and in what order to get the systems to follow their commands, creating a great deal of frustration.
For example, an infotainment system might recognise a command to change a radio station to "103.5 FM," but not "FM 103.5" or simply "103.5," he said.
Siri sometimes garbled text messages or selected wrong phone numbers from personal phonebooks, Strayer said. During one test, Siri called 911 instead of the phone number requested by the volunteer driver and the driver had to scramble to end the call before it went through. Siri found the number in the driver's phonebook because the driver had called it once before.
"When these systems become more complex, like sending text messages or posting to Facebook, it pushes the workloads to pretty high levels and may be dangerous while driving," Strayer said.
The studies contradict claims by automakers, who have been pitching the voice systems to car buyers as a way they can safely enjoy social media and connectivity. Safety advocates say drivers assume that such systems are safe because they are incorporated into vehicles and are hands-free.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which regulates vehicle safety, has issued guidelines to automakers for dashboard systems and is working on similar guidelines for cellphones and voice-activated systems, but the guidelines are voluntary.
"Infotainment systems are unregulated," said Deborah Hersman, president of the National Safety Council and former chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board. "It is like the Wild West, where the most critical safety feature in the vehicle - the driver - is being treated like a guinea pig in human trials with new technologies."
Two of the infotainment systems were rated relatively low for distraction. Toyota's Entune received a 1.7, the distraction equivalent of listening to an audiobook, and Hyundai's Blue Lin Telematic System received a 2.2.
"The good news is that really well-designed systems offer us the possibility to interact in ways that aren't so distracting," Strayer said.
18

Government may dole out lower diesel prices as Diwali giftOct 09, 2014, 09.27 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Government may dole out lower diesel prices as Diwali gift
Oil marketing companies have seen a profit of Rs 1.90 per litre in the September16-October 1 fortnight, but the government is not likely to pass on the full benefit.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Government may dole out lower diesel prices as Diwali gift
Oil marketing companies have seen a profit of Rs 1.90 per litre in the September16-October 1 fortnight, but the government is not likely to pass on the full benefit.
Post your opinion here
 
&nbsp;The Modi government is likely to announce a diesel price cut to coincide with Diwali after the counting of Maharashtra and Haryana assembly poll results, reports Nayantara Rai of CNBC-TV18. This will be the first diesel price cut in five years if it goes thorugh.
The government has found some support from the falling brent crude prices that hit USD 91 per barrel today, (lowest since June 2012), but may not go in for a full deregulation just yet. The government is keen on keeping a ‘small cushion’ if crude prices were to rise globally.
The government is keen to position the small price cut as a Diwali gift for the public.
Oil marketing companies have seen a profit of Rs 1.90 per litre in the September16-October 1 fortnight, but the government is not likely to pass on the full benefit.
RELATED NEWS

India s coal imports increase 18.47% in first half of FY15Oct 08, 2014, 06.31 PM IST  | Source: PTI
India's coal imports increase 18.47% in first half of FY15
While average imports during the period rose 18.47 per cent, imports of steam coal surged 20.69 per cent to 87.09 MT during the first six months of 2014-15 from 72.16 MT recorded in the corresponding period of 2013-14.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India's coal imports increase 18.47% in first half of FY15
While average imports during the period rose 18.47 per cent, imports of steam coal surged 20.69 per cent to 87.09 MT during the first six months of 2014-15 from 72.16 MT recorded in the corresponding period of 2013-14.
Post your opinion here
 
Driven largely by an increase in coal imports by fuel-starved power stations, India's dry-fuel imports rose 18.47 per cent to 110.15 million tonnes (MT) in April-September period of the current fiscal.
"Imports of all types of coal during the period (first half of 2014-15) stood at 110.15 million tonnes (MT) as against 92.98 MT imported during the corresponding period of 2013-14," according to compilation of data from 31 ports including 12 state-owned major ports in the country.
While average imports during the period rose 18.47 per cent, imports of steam coal surged 20.69 per cent to 87.09 MT during the first six months of 2014-15 from 72.16 MT recorded in the corresponding period of 2013-14.
Imports of petroleum coke, on the other hand, surged 72.22 per cent to 2.17 MT from 1.26 MT in the first half of 2013-14, the compilation revealed.
"Imports of coking coal increased by 7.13 per cent to 18.32 MT from 17.10 MT in the first half of 2013-14 whereas imports of anthracite coal and pulverised coal injection (PCI) rose marginally by 1.57 per cent and 5.26 per cent respectively," it said.
Imports of metallurgical coke fell by 9.16 per cent to 1.19 MT from 1.31 MT last year in the review period.
In September 2014, imports of all types of coal stood at 16.04 MT, which was 19.26 per cent higher compared to 13.45 MT imported in September 2013, but down marginally from 16.12 MT imported in August 2014.
As per the latest data by the Central Electricity Authority (CEA), 56 coal-based power plants reported critical fuel stocks of less than seven days.
Of the 56 stations facing coal shortages, 33 had less than four days of stockpiles. These 33 stations include 10 power stations run by country's leading thermal power producer NTPC.
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal had earlier said that the coal materialisation to the power sector was 87 per cent during the first quarter of the current financial year (April to June).
  
The minister had said that shortage of supplies was on account of less supply of wagons and transportation constraints.
RELATED NEWS

Halifax U.K. HPI rises 0.6% in SeptemberOct 08, 2014, 01.09 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Halifax U.K. HPI rises 0.6% in September
Halifax U.K. HPI rises 0.6% in September
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Halifax U.K. HPI rises 0.6% in September
Halifax U.K. HPI rises 0.6% in September
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - House prices in the U.K. rose more than expected in September, easing concerns over the health of the housing market, industry data showed on Wednesday.
In a report, the Halifax Bank of Scotland said its House Price Index rose by a seasonally adjusted 0.6% last month, above expectations for a 0.2% increase.
U.K. house prices were flat in August, downwardly revised from a previously reported increase of 0.1%.
House prices in the three months to September were 9.6% higher than in the same three months a year earlier, in line with forecasts and slowing from a gain of 9.7% in August.
GBP/USD was trading at 1.6073 from around 1.6075 ahead of the announcement, while EUR/GBP was at 0.7863 from 0.7862 earlier.
Meanwhile, European stock markets were mostly lower after the open. London's FTSE 100 dipped 0.3%, the DJ Euro Stoxx 50 inched up 0.1%, France's CAC 40 fell 0.1%, while Germany's DAX shed 0.35%.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Focus on Pak  not Maharashtra: Sena to ModiPrint
Mumbai, Oct 8 (IANS) The Shiv Sena has blamed BJP's Maharashtra leadership for "playing with national security" over the India-Pakistan border skirmishes, saying Prime Minister "Narendra Modi is needed in New Delhi, but the BJP has stopped him in Maharashtra" that goes to poll Oct 15.
"Modi is needed in New Delhi, but the BJP has stopped him in Maharashtra. This is playing with national security," said an edit in the party mouthpiece 'Saamana' Wednesday.
It said Modi "is currently busy with election campaign in Maharashtra" and he is moving in different villages for votes.
"Maharashtra politics can come later. The country's security is important. Modiji, please stop tolerating the indiscretions of Pakistan," Sena urged.
It admitted that a couple of months ago, India had snapped off secretary-level talks with Pakistan, but that was not enough.
In fact, after the September firing incidents by Pakistan on the international borders, Indian had warned of retaliating with bullets for bullets.
"When will that (retaliation) happen? Modi is too busy with Maharashtra Assembly elections," lamented the BJP's ex-ally of 25 years.
Taking a dig at Modi's oft-repeated statement of a 56-inch chest, the Sena said that for safeguarding India's security and teaching a lesson to Pakistan, there is no need to measure the chest.
"Why should be sit and count our bodies (of casualties)? If they kill five, we should kill their 50 and bring their heads to Chhatrapati Shivaji's Maharashtra," it urged, seeking strong action as seven people have been killed in India in the Pakistani firings.
Incidentally, after the BJP unilaterally snapped ties Sep 25, the Shiv Sena has launched a bitter counter-attack, especially targetting Modi almost daily through 'Saamana' group edits and in public rallies.
Recommend

Sears shares drop by as much as 15 percentSears shares drop by as much as 15 percent
Sears: No significant term debt maturities until 2018
Sears has responded to reports that three of the biggest insurance firms are reducing coverage. Bloomberg's Mia Saini reports on "Money Clip."
Sears has responded to reports that three of the biggest insurance firms are reducing coverage. Bloomberg's Mia Saini reports on "Money Clip."
Sears stock takes a beating after a vendor halts shipments to the retailer.
J.C. Penney shares clobbered after CFO warns that quarterly sales would be lower than thought.
Shares in both Sears and J.C. Penney took a hit Wednesday in the wake of sales and news reports that highlighted challenges.
8
Shares of Sears Holdings Corp., the parent company of Sears, were down more than 15 percent earlier in the day after a news report that an unnamed vendor was halting shipments to the retailer as the holiday season approaches. And shares of J.C. Penney fell more than 12 percent after Chief Financial Officer Ed Record told analysts that third-quarter sales in stores open at least a year would be lower than previously announced.
Sinking ships in the night.
Duke71
4
The Sears dip came as Bloomberg News reported that a Sears vendor was halting shipments because it couldn’t obtain insurance to guarantee it would be paid for its products. The report, citing unnamed sources, also noted that “three of the biggest insurance firms for Sears suppliers” are reducing their coverage.
Credit insurance provides suppliers protection against nonpayment for products delivered. For Sears, which has posted 30 straight quarters of declining sales, the shrinking support from insurers may make it harder to stock products and execute a comeback.
A Sears spokesman said the retailer “continues to meet “all of our obligations,” has $6.5 billion in inventory and that no insurer has ever had to pay a claim to a vendor tied to its business.
“We want to make sure our vendors and the market place know all the facts and understand that Sears Holdings has significant financial flexibility to executive our transformation and meet our obligations,” the spokesman said in an emailed statement.
Sears shares are off more than 50 percent since this time last year. Earlier this month, Sears said it planned to sell most of its 51 percent stake in Sears Canada to raise $380 million. And last month, CEO Eddie Lampert’s hedge fund pledged a $400 million loan to give the company a boost.
J.C. Penney, meanwhile, said it expected low-single digit percentage growth in same-store sales in the third quarter ending October. The company had earlier forecast mid-single digit growth.
Analysts on average were expecting a 5.3 percent increase in same-store sales, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
J.C. Penney's shares were down 11.8 percent at $8.10 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday.
At its analyst day in New York, J.C. Penney Chief Executive Myron Ullman outlined plans to generate incremental sales of $2 billion between 2015 and 2017, by revamping high traffic areas of its stores.
Reuters contributed.

PSUs need to comply with 25% minimum public shareholding by August 2017Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
PSUs need to comply with 25% minimum public shareholding by August 2017
Shishir Sinha
Govt notifies amendments to rules
New Delhi, October 8:  
Listed public sector companies will have to comply with the norm of 25 per cent minimum public shareholding by August 21, 2017. This will help the Government’s disinvestment programme as well as ensure more PSU shares for retail investors.
At present, public sector companies are required to maintain 10 per cent minimum public shareholding, while listed private sector entities are required to have 25 per cent public shareholding.
However, On June 19, the SEBI board decided that there should be a uniform norm for all companies listed on stock exchanges. According to the website bsepsu.com, there are 25 Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs), nine public sector banks (PSBs) and one State-level public enterprise (SLPE) which are listed and have less than 25 per cent minimum public shareholding.
The Finance Ministry has notified an amendment to the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, according to which “every listed public sector company which has public shareholding below 25 per cent, on the date of commencement of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) (Second Amendment), Rules, 2014, shall increase its public shareholding to at least 25 per cent, within a period of three years, in the manner, as may be specified, by the Securities and Exchange Board of India.” The date of effect is August 22, 2014.
SEBI’s norms mandated minimum public shareholding norms of 25 per cent for listed private sector companies by June 3, 2013.
Accordingly, on June 4, the SEBI passed an order against 105 private companies for not fulfilling these norms. It first issued a show-cause notice to these companies and, based on their replies, initiated action, including freezing voting rights, dividend, imposing penalty among other things.
According to an order by Prashant Sharan, whole-time member of SEBI, dated June 4, 2013, the availability of a minimum portion/number of shares (floating stock) of the listed securities with the public ensures that there is a reasonable depth in the market and the prices of the securities are not susceptible to manipulation.
Moreover, a dispersed shareholding structure is also essential for the sustenance of a continuous market for listed securities in order to provide liquidity to investors and offer fair prices.
SEBI has prescribed various instruments for achieving minimum public shareholding.
These include follow-on public offer, offer for sale through stock exchanges, institutional placement programme, rights issue (with promoters forgoing their rights entitlements) and bonus issue (with promoters forgoing their bonus entitlements).
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related
Govt notifies 25% minimum public holding norms for listed PSUs
TOPICS

Brussels hits out at Apples Irish tax dealsBrussels criticises Apple’s Irish tax deals
By Alex Barker in Brussels, Vanessa Houlder in London and Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a13e17e-4878-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dovish Fed minutes bolster stocksDovish Fed minutes bolster stocks
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7de901e6-4e9a-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SC refuses to lift ban on animal sacrifice in Kulu DusharaOct 09, 2014 at 12:03am IST
SC refuses to lift ban on animal sacrifice in Kulu Dushara
16
0
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Wednesday refused to vacate or suspend an order banning animal sacrifice during Kulu Dushara and in other religious rituals of the Kulu region of Himachal Pradesh.
The apex court bench of Chief Justice H.L. Dattu, Justice S.A. Bobde and Justice Abhay Manohar Sapre declined to order an interim suspension of the Himachal Pradesh High Court order which has banned the animal sacrifice during Kulu Dushara and other religious rituals in the Kulu region.
However, on a petition of Maheshwar Singh and others, the apex court issued notice to the Himachal Pradesh government, asking it why the animal sacrifice should not be allowed on the concluding day of the Kulu Dushara and in other religious rituals.
SC refused to vacate an order banning animal sacrifice during Kulu Dushara and in other religious rituals of the Kulu region of Himachal Pradesh.
#kulu dushara #supreme court #animal sacrifice
The court said that it was issuing notice as animal sacrifice was a recurring practice every year and affected the religious sentiments of a section of people.
The court said this as senior counsel Kiran Suri, appearing for petitioner Maheshwar Singh and others, pressed for suspension of the September 1 ban order of the state high court.
"Let this year's Dushara pass off like that (in pursuance of the high court order). We will see next year," the court said declining pleas for suspending the high court order of September 1, 2014, which completely prohibited the animal sacrifice in temples and other places.
This, the petitioner said, was in complete violation of Section 28 of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960, which carves out exceptions to safeguard the religious rights of various classes of people to sacrifice animals for religious purposes.
The petitioner said that exception was in furtherance to the guarantee of religious freedom and practices under Article 25 and Article 26 of the Constitution.
Kullu Dushara is a seven-day congregation held at Dhalpur Maidan in Kulu.
The practice of animal sacrifices on the last day of Dushara has been going on for last 365 years, the petition said.
224

LG WebOS TV: Simply connect  and stay connectedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India home to 1 in 3 of the world s poor in 2011India home to 1 in 3 of the world's poor in 2011
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 09, 2014 12:50 AM IST
India was home to about a third of the world's poor in 2011, according to a progress report on various social indicators from the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), issued on Wednesday. In other words, the highest number of the poor lived in India  in 2011.
China, whose population is more than our billion-plus number, had only eight per cent, says data given in the Global Monitoring Report 2014-15.
The report said three-fifths of the world’s poor resided in only five countries in 2011 —India, Nigeria, China, Bangladesh and Congo. Between India and China was Nigeria, which had 10 per cent of the world’s poor. Bangladesh had six per cent and Congo had five per cent.
If another five countries —Ethiopia, Indonesia, Pakistan, Madagascar and Tanzania —are taken into account, a little over 70 per cent of the world’s poor resided in these 10 nations.
There were 1.01 billion poor in 2011 in the world (14.5 per cent of the population in the world), of which 30 per cent lived in India. This meant 300 million in India. India’s total population was 1.21 bn in 2011. The estimate is 24.7 per cent of India's population as poor in 2011, by the World Bank measure of so classifying anyone spending less than $1.25 a day.
The bright side is that the Bank had earlier given poverty figures for 2010 in India and that showed 32.68 per cent of the population as poor. This meant a reduction by almost eight percentage points in a year. And, in 2008, 41.6 per cent of Indians were poor, according to Bank estimates. These figures are based on purchasing power parity of 2005.
The latest report noted this in saying the world’s most populous countries, China and India, have played a central role in the global reduction of poverty. “Together, they lifted 232 million people out of poverty from 2008 to 2011,” it said.
The Bank’s calculation was close to India’s official figure for poverty at 21.9 per cent in 2011-12. The estimate depends on the way the poverty line is defined. The official figure for 2011-12 was based on the Suresh Tendulkar method, according to which the line was Rs 33 a day expenditure by a person in urban areas and Rs 27 in villages.
After this was criticised, the government appointed a panel headed by C Rangarajan, then the Prime Minister’s economic advisory council head. This panel found 29.5 per cent of India's population was poor in 2011-12. The committee took the poverty line as Rs  47 expenditure a day in urban areas and Rs 32 in villages.
If the World Bank’s poverty line of $1.25 daily expenditure is raised to $1.51, which was done by the Asian Development Bank, close to half of India’s population was poor (47.5 per cent) in 2010.
World Bank Vice-President and chief economist Kaushik Basu admitted the poverty line  could drawing a flak but also said the larger issue is the huge number of poor in the world.
“If it is shocking to have a poverty line as low as $1.25 per day and it is even more shocking that 1/7th of the world’s population lives below this line,” said Basu.
According to the IMF-Bank report, 17 per cent of the developing countries’ population was poor in 2011 and this is projected to come down to 5.7 per cent in 2030. Taking the narrower group of South Asia, 24.5 per cent of the population was poor in 2011, roughly the same as with India. By 2030, no more than 2.1 per cent of South Asia’s population is projected to be poor.
By 2030, 4.9 per cent of the world’s population is forecast to be poor. The Bank aims to bring it down to three per cent by then. Even in 2030, as much as 23.6 per cent of the population in sub-Saharan Africa is forecast to be poor.
The report laid stress on skills education to raise employability among youth. It quoted a study to emphasise that as many university and college graduates are poorly trained in India, companies in the software, banking, pharmacautical and retail sectors are increasingly designing their own training programmes and even building campuses to train recruits.

Gap chief steps down as revenues flatlineGap chief steps down as revenues flatline
By Elizabeth Paton in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e9e2c156-4f2c-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gap to open 40 stores in IndiaGap to open 40 stores in India
By Elizabeth Paton in New York and Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/03e3e5ac-2940-11e4-9d5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US retailers fall on Gap sales slideUS retailers fall after Gap reports sales slide
By Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/470016e2-c196-11e3-83af-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Three weeks on  no spark of hope for strike-ridden Bosch Bangalore plantE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

DrReddys  Sun among 14 firms probed by US Congress over drugpricePress Trust of India | Posted: October 9, 2014 6:14 am
India’s pharma majors Dr Reddy’s and Sun Pharma are among 14 drug makers which are being probed by the US Congress over price escalation of generic drugs.
In letters sent by Elijah E Cummings (Ranking Member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform), and Senator Bernard Sanders, 14 companies have been asked to share “information about the escalating prices they have been charging for generic drugs”.
Cummings and Sanders are investigating price increases for drugs used to treat everything from common medical conditions to life-threatening illnesses and to identify measures to help reduce costs for patients, healthcare providers, and hospitals across the country (US), said a statement on the US House of Representatives website.
In their letters, Cummings and Sanders cited data from the Healthcare Supply Chain Association on recent purchases of 10 generic drugs by group purchasing organisations over the past two years.
“When you see how much the prices of these drugs have increased just over the past year, it’s staggering, and we want to know why,” said Cummings.
“In some cases these outrageous price hikes are preventing patients from getting the drugs they need,” he added.
The Members asked the companies to provide information from 2012 to the present, including total gross revenues from sales of the drugs, prices paid for the drugs, factors that contributed to decisions to increase prices, and the identity of company officials responsible for setting drug prices.
Commenting on the price rise of the generic medicines, Sanders, who is Chairman of the Subcommittee on Primary Health and Aging, Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions said: “Generic drugs were meant to help make medications affordable for the millions of Americans who rely on prescriptions to manage their health needs. We’ve got to get to the bottom of these enormous price increases.”
When contacted, a Dr Reddy’s spokesperson said: “The company is in the process of responding to the notice and is confident of addressing these queries successfully. It did not initiate any price increasing activity for the products mentioned in the notice.”
Sun Pharma spokesperson declined to comment.
The other companies which have been asked to share information are Actavis, Apotex Corp, Endo International, Global Pharmaceuticals, Heritage Pharmaceuticals, Lannett Company, Marathon Pharmaceuticals, Mylan, PAR Pharmaceutical, Teva, West-Ward Pharmaceutical and Zydus Pharmaceuticals.
The share prices of Dr Reddy’s and Sun Pharma dropped by 4.37 per cent to Rs 2,963.65 per scrip and 4.31 per cent to Rs 800.75 per share respectively on close of day’s trade on the BSE.

Carzonrent  Tata Motors pact: Rent a Nano at just Rs 399 perdayPress Trust of India | Posted: October 9, 2014 6:17 am
Car rental firm Carzonrent and Tata Motors have inked a pact to launch an initiative in the Delhi/NCR region, under which customers would be able to hire a Tata Nano car for self drive at just Rs 399 per day.
As part of the ‘Myles City Drive’ initiative, Tata Motors would supply 200 Tata Nano Twist cars to Carzonrent fleet for self-drive service in the Delhi/NCR region.
“This association with Tata Motors is a step forward on Carzonrent’s endeavour to build long term partnerships with auto manufacturers to develop a dynamic ground mobility landscape in India,” Carzonrent Ltd Managing Director and CEO Rajiv Vij told reporters here.
Under the initiative, Delhi-based Carzonrent would also offer the Nano cars to customers on a hourly basis at Rs 99 and also for a whole month at a rent of Rs 6,999.
Customers would also be able to book the car online as well as rent directly from the company’s 43 operational centres across the Delhi/NCR region.
Vij said the Myles City-Drive with Nano Twist is aimed at empowering customers and to enjoy everyday life a little more.
Commenting on the initiative, Tata Motors Head Institutional Sales Deepankar Tiwari said: “Through this partnership we will reach out to a larger customer base and give them an opportunity to experience the Nano in a self drive avatar.”
Carzonrent, which started Myles (self drive) initiative last year, currently has a fleet of around 600 vehicles under the vertical.
“We started this initiative last year with a fleet of 14 cars. Now the self drive vertical has 600 cars and we expect it to touch 5,000 units by 2016,” Vij said.
The company currently offers various cars ranging from Mahindra e20 to Mercedes-Benz under the self drive initiative across 16 cities in the country.
Elaborating on the ‘Myles City Drive’, Vij said the company would first begin with Delhi/NCR and later expand to other parts of the country.

FII flows ease in Sept but India stands outYou are here: Home > Collections > India
FII flows ease in September but India still stands out in EM pack
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 06.42AM IST
(BSE’s Sensex has…)
MUMBAI: The slowdown in foreign institutional investor (FII) flows in September prompted critics to raise red flags over Indian stock market valuations. But optimists may take comfort from the fact that domestic equities continued to attract FII flows in September even as many other emerging markets witnessed outflows.
Brokers are not certain if India can maintain this edge for long as concerns over interest rate hikes in the US may prompt various fund managers to trim exposure to emerging markets like India. India managed to draw FII flows worth $848 million in September while these investors sold in other emerging markets such as Taiwan, South Korea, Indonesia and the Philippines. But the flows into India in September are the lowest since February.
Overseas fund managers justified the continued purchases of Indian stocks on hopes of better prospects. "India is much better off than most of its emerging market peers. We believe that India is now much better protected in absolute and relative terms from the 'great emerging market unwind'," said Jonathan Garner, chief Asia and global emerging market equity strategist at Morgan Stanley.
BSE's Sensex has risen 24% this year, the most among top 10 global markets, sparking concerns that valuations might be stretched. The index is trading about 16.1 times to its one-year forward estimated earnings while China's Shanghai Composite Index is trading at 9.9 times, Brazil's Ibovespa Index 11.8 times and Russia's MICEX 5.1 times.
Some foreign investors are also assessing India on the basis of historical valuations. "Nifty commands 16 times forward price to earnings (P/E) multiple, but this is still a far cry from the almost 18 times multiple after the 2009 elections. Hence, index valuation is not extremely stretched by historical comparison. Foreign investors enter market as long as underlying profit growth is clearly visible and that is there in India," said Hartmut Issel, head chief investment officer-research at UBS.
But the country's share valuations may start becoming a concern once the global market starts worrying about rising rates in the US. Brokers and analysts said investors would then probably look to cut exposure to markets which are expensive.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DRL  Sun Pharma among 14 companies facing price probe in USDRL  Sun Pharma among 14 companies facing price probe in US
Modi has a practical approach to trade  investment: BhagwatiModi has a practical approach to trade  investment: Bhagwati
Magnitude 6.8 quake strikes near Easter IslandUpdated: October 9, 2014 08:29 IST
Magnitude 6.8 quake strikes near Easter Island
Reuters
This screenshot taken from the U.S. Geological Survey’s earthquake page shows the epicentre of the quake that struck off Easter Island early Thursday.
TOPICS
earthquake
An earthquake with an initial magnitude of 6.8 struck off Easter Island early on Thursday, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre said, but added there was no threat of a tsunami.
The quake hit at 2.15 a.m. GMT (7.45 a.m. IST) and was centred in an isolated spot of the southeast Pacific Ocean, around 570 km south of Easter Island, at a depth of 10 km.

Stocks in news: BHEL  IFCI  Polaris  Ahluwalia  Ramco  NTPC-Gets Rs 7,800 crore EPC order
-Gets order from Tamil Nadu Generation & Distribution Corporation
-Gets EPC order for 2x660 MW rating supercritical power project
-Board approves closing of QIP issue yesterday
-Board approves issue price at Rs 82.15/share for QIP
-Board approves floor price at Rs 86.45/share for QIP
Government likely to cut diesel prices to coincide with Diwali: Sources
-Government keen to position diesel price cut as ‘Diwali Gift’ for public
-Government may not go in for full diesel deregulation yet
-Government keen to keep a ‘small cushion’ if crude prices rise
-Government may not pass on full benefit of profit on diesel
-Government to announce diesel price cut after counting of Haryana, Maharashtra polls
Alert: Oil marketing companies saw a profit of Rs 1.90/litre in September 16-October 1 fortnight
-Not keen on taking over de-allocated coal blocks
-No point taking over blocks as will be auctioned later
-Tedious process to acquire running mines, allocate manpower
Alert: Supreme Court cancelled 204 coal blocks on September 2
Alert: SC said CIL to take over running coal blocks to avoid disruption
Alert: Cancellation of coal blocks to come into effect from March 31
Alert: Of 46 running coal blocks, 42 blocks cancelled by SC
Telecom commission may meet on October 15: PTI sources
-May discuss spectrum auction, full mobile number portability on October 15
-May take up telecom connectivity to Andaman & Nicobar on October 15
 
-Have informed discoms & transcos on planned outages
-Coal shortage at Dadri, Singrauli power units
-Of 2640MW, 700 MW Dadri units shut due to coal shortage
-Of 2000MW capacity at Singrauli, 500MW shut due to coal shortage
-NTPC is trying its best to run the stations on whatever coal is made available
-Delhi has surrendered 693 MW of electricity from Jhajjar station
Alert: Jhajjar power unit is a JV of Delhi, Haryana and NTPC
-1,300 MW power on RLNG is available in northern grid from NTPC stations
-Delhi discoms had to purchase power to meet demand from exchanges today
Corporation Action: Ex-Date
- Gulf Oil Lubricant : Interim Dividend Rs 2/share
- Polaris : Demerger between Polaris Financial Technology (demerged company) & Intellect Design Arena (resulting company)
Bulk deals
-Macquarie Bank buys 40.73 lakh shares at Rs 305/share
-Route One Fund sells 39.5 lakh shares at Rs 305/share
-ICICI Lombard General Insurance buys 19.79 lakh shares at Rs 83/share
-Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance sells 19.88 lakh shares at Rs 83/share
-Catamaran Capital sells 4 lakh shares at Rs 319/share
-HDFC Trustee buys 2 lakh shares at Rs 319/share
Other stocks and sectors that are in news today:
- L&T to CNBC TV18: Deny that Blackstone is buying stake in company’s Chandigarh mall
- Jindal Cotex says Rajesh Khanna appointed as chairman of company
- Ahluwalia Contracts gets orders worth Rs 178 crore
- Ramco Systems bags order worth over USD 3 million for period of 5 years
- IFCI puts Blue Coast Hotels in Goa on block, reserve price Rs 542 crore
-German firm hurls espionage charges at Hero Cycles: BS
RELATED NEWS

Has Nifty bottomed out at 7815Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Has Nifty bottomed out at 7815?
It looks like the markets will have a good start this morning because of the kind of global cues that we have right now.
Post your opinion here
 
It looks like the markets will have a good start this morning because of the kind of global cues that we have right now.
 

U. of C. Medicine gets $6.2 million grant to fight hepatitis CU. of C. Medicine to take aim at hepatitis C
Phil Velasquez, Chicago Tribune
Enkhjargal Gelegdorj, of Ravenswood, was pronounced disease-free in December after treatment with the new anti-hepatitis C drug Sovaldi.
Enkhjargal Gelegdorj, of Ravenswood, was pronounced disease-free in December after treatment with the new anti-hepatitis C drug Sovaldi. (Phil Velasquez, Chicago Tribune)
Drugs and Medicines Diseases and Illnesses Hepatitis University of Chicago U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Local
'This is groundbreaking,' U. of C. doctor says of $6.2 million hepatitis C grant
University of Chicago Medicine will receive a $6.2 million grant from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to battle hepatitis C in Chicago, mounting an all-out assault on the disease, health care administrators will announce Thursday.
About 3.2 million Americans — including up to 70,000 in Chicago — have hepatitis C, about half of whom are unaware they have the infection, which can progress slowly and is largely symptom-free in its early stages. Over decades, infected individuals can suffer serious liver damage, including cirrhosis or cancer.
  Open link
The grant will help fund the Hepatitis C Community Alliance to Test and Treat program. Along with other agencies, the initiative aims to train about 200 primary care providers at 30 community health centers over four years. The goal: to screen more than 18,000 Chicagoans annually, said officials.
"This is groundbreaking," said Dr. Daniel Johnson, chief of academic pediatrics at the University of Chicago Medicine. "This will become the template to track any disease process."
Technology will also play a key role in expanding reach. A videoconference system will allow clinicians to engage in case review and discussion. It also will facilitate surveillance and collecting data, along with using social media to increase awareness and promote testing.
"This is probably one of the largest-scale projects we've ever seen. ... It's not happening just at one center, but it uses everyone's strength, citywide " said Dr. Andrew Aronsohn, a University of Chicago Medicine hepatologist, who is developing the interactive curriculum.
Until recently, doctors had few weapons to combat the disease. But new drugs, while prohibitively expensive, are offering better outcomes with fewer side effects, physicians said.
0
Hepatitis C is spread when blood from an infected individual enters the body — most commonly affecting intravenous drug users. But other populations are also vulnerable, including those who have been sexually active and those who had a blood transfusion before 1992, when donor blood testing became required in the U.S.
Two out of three of those living with the disease are baby boomers, according to the CDC, which recommends screening for everyone born from 1945 to 1965.
"This isn't just a fringe population," said Johnson, founder of Extension Community Healthcare Outcomes Chicago, which will lead the screening and treatment initiative. "If you've ever had unprotected sex, many sexual partners or had a partner who has had many partners, you're at risk. If you ever had something like a femur fracture (when you were a child) that might need a blood transfusion ... you could be at risk."
Screening, of course, only works if effective treatment is available. The previous standard of care, Interferon-based therapy, had unpleasant side effects similar to chemotherapy. Many patients with mild cases decided to wait and even those with severe cases were too sick to tolerate the treatment.
Last year, a new medication, Sovaldi, came on the market, with shorter duration, fewer side effects and a greater success rate. "We've finally reached the point where, if we can identify these patients, we can cure them," Aronsohn said.
The only problem? The pill costs $1,000 a day — or $84,000 for typical treatment. The price tag is causing worry for insurers and state Medicaid officials, while health care advocates contend that it is still less expensive than a liver transplant or for other chronic conditions, which are spread out over a lifetime.
Enkhjargal Gelegdorj, 38, was one of the beneficiaries of better interventions. After being in a state of constant fatigue, the Ravenswood resident sought help at the Erie Family Center on the North Side, she said. A simple blood test confirmed the hepatitis C diagnosis.
A nail technician, Gelegdorj started treatment available to her through a low-income drug program, and she was pronounced disease-free in December.
"If you are ready to do treatment, the drugs are available. All you have to do is be willing to take the first step because the cure is here," Gelegdorj said.

Asian markets gain in early trade after Fed minutes spur rate optimismAsian markets gain in early trade after Fed minutes spur rate optimism
After India sends Pak tough message on border fire  PM Narendra Modi hints at early resolutionAfter India sends Pak tough message on border fire  PM Narendra Modi hints at early resolution
Nilekani applauds PM Modi for continuing with AadharNilekani applauds PM Modi for continuing with Aadhar
PREVIEW-India industrial output likely rose 2.4 pct in AugustPREVIEW-India industrial output likely rose 2.4 pct in August
Problem Solver: AT&T s deductions didn t add...Problem Solver: Wheelchair issues frustrate user
Chuck Berman, Chicago Tribune
Carole Dearth, of Oak Lawn, couldn’t understand why AT&T continued to deduct $490.53 from her bank account, citing unreturned equipment that had been returned.
Carole Dearth, of Oak Lawn, couldn’t understand why AT&T continued to deduct $490.53 from her bank account, citing unreturned equipment that had been returned. (Chuck Berman, Chicago Tribune)
1, 2, 3 strikes and AT&T is out.
AT&T charged woman 3 times for cable equipment she said she returned.
For several years, Carole Dearth paid the Internet and cable bills for her niece and nephews.
When her sister-in-law remarried in January, the sister-in-law's new husband offered to take over the payments.
Dearth called AT&T and asked how to make the transition. A representative from the telecommunications giant instructed her to cancel the account and set up a new one in her brother-in-law's name.
On Jan. 28, a technician turned off the old service and established a new account. The next day, Dearth's sister-in-law returned the old equipment via UPS, Dearth said.
A week later, Dearth received a bill from AT&T saying she owed $490.53 for unreturned equipment.
The Oak Lawn resident said she called AT&T and was told not to worry about it — the bill was probably sent before the equipment was logged as received.
"He looked into it, then said, 'Oh yes, our records show the equipment is here,'" Dearth said. "I hung up feeling the situation was settled."
A month later, she received another bill for $490.53.

Abercrombie s Religious Headscarf Battle Heads To Supreme CourtAbercrombie's Religious Headscarf Battle Heads To Supreme Court
Posted:
reddit
Abercrombie & Fitch's stringent dress code has come under fire from employees who say they were barred from wearing religious items while at work. Now, the nation's highest court is getting involved.
The U.S. Supreme Court said on Thursday that it will hear an appeal filed by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission on whether Abercrombie can disqualify workers from getting a job because they want to wear a hijab, or headscarf.
The EEOC sued Abercrombie in 2008 on behalf of Samantha Elauf, a Muslim woman who was denied a job as a salesperson at an Abercrombie Kids store in Tulsa, Oklahoma, because her headscarf violated the company's rigid dress code. Elauf, who was 17 at the time, wore a headscarf at her job interview. She didn't specifically say that she wanted a religious accommodation to wear it while working.
A lower court ruled in her favor, saying Abercrombie was liable for religious discrimination. Then, an appeals court reversed the decision, determining that Elauf had to explicitly ask for religious accommodations.
Lately, Abercrombie's "Look Policy," which governs the outward appearance of its salespeople, has been a point of contention for workers who want to wear religious items. In interviews with The Huffington Post last year, several former Abercrombie employees described incidents where they said they were forced to remove religious items or face punishment. A Christian teen was told to take off her cross. A Hindu associate had to cut a religious string off her wrist. And Muslim store employees were told to remove their hijabs.
All kinds of violations can lead to reprimands, Abercrombie insiders told HuffPost. The dress code requires sales associates -- who are called "models" -- to follow specific guidelines. Excessive makeup isn't allowed. Jeans should be cuffed in a certain way. Hair highlights have to be just right. Jewelry must be "simple and classic."
Previously, Abercrombie argued in court documents that its dress code goes to the "very heart of [its] business model," and it could hurt business if employees don't adhere to the rules. CEO Mike Jeffries, who lost his job as chairman earlier this year, is obsessed with the details in his stores, according to a 2006 interview with Salon. Salespeople are a big part of that focus.
In 2013, Abercrombie agreed to make changes to its dress code as part of a settlement in two religious discrimination cases. The retailer specifically acknowledged that hijabs are OK to wear and promised to train managers.
Abercrombie did not respond to a request for comment on Elauf's case. But after last year's settlement, the company told HuffPost in a statement: "We are happy to have settled these cases and to have put these very old matters behind us."
More:

Sensex tumbles to 2-month low; down 296 pointsstocks
Stock indices fell sharply ahead of the announcement of second quarter financial results by corporates as buying interest by foreign institutional investors (FIIs) had vanished.
However, the rupee closed at 61.43 a dollar compared to 61.61 on Wednesday, the last trading day. The rupee strengthened to 61.30 intra-day.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensitive Index (Sensex) closed at 26271.97 with a loss of 296.02 points or 1.11 per cent.
All sectoral indices ended in the red. Metal stocks lost the most with 2.65 per cent, followed by healthcare 1.85 per cent. On the National Stock Exchange (NSE) the 50-share Nifty closed at 7852.40 with a loss of 93.15 points or 1.17 per cent.
“After a long weekend, the equity benchmarks were seen resuming the declining bias on Tuesday and lost more than a percent in the end,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
“Though the Nifty index started with flat tone but selling pressure in metal and capital good counters gradually pushed it below 7900 mark. Weakness in global markets and lack of buying interest from FIIs were the main reason for the decline,” said Mr. Manglik.

Hong Kong protests dwindle  but talks with govt likely to go nowhereStudent protesters sleep and wait at the entrance of the government complex where Hong Kong's Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying's office is located. (Source: AP)
Hong Kong | Posted: October 8, 2014 10:27 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 10:31 am
Hong Kong pro-democracy protests that brought tens of thousands on to the streets last week dwindled to a few hundred on Wednesday after activist leaders agreed to talks with the government which are all but certain to go nowhere.
The student-led protests have calmed since clashes with police more than a week ago and the number of protesters calling for universal suffrage has fallen dramatically since violent scuffles broke out at the weekend between demonstrators and pro-Beijing opponents.
Protesters cheer on the announcement of the official occupation of streets surrounding government headquarters in Hong Kong, China, Sunday, Sept. 28, 2014. (Source: AP)
Friday’s talks will focus on “the basis for political development”, the government said, referring to plans for a 2017 election of the chief executive, Hong Kong’s leader, but it was unclear how discussions could reconcile two such polarised positions. Protesters had called on the city’s current leader, Leung Chun-ying, to step down and any breakdown in the talks is widely expected to trigger another cycle of protests.
READ: Hong Kong protests subside after tumultuous week, but few still remain on streets 
“The lack of room for the government to back away from (China’s) decision will make it difficult for the government to satisfy the student leaders’ requested demands,” Citi Group said in a research note. China’s Communist Party leaders rule Hong Kong through a “one country, two systems” formula which allows wide-ranging autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed on the mainland and specifies universal suffrage as an eventual goal.
But Beijing ruled on Aug. 31 it would screen candidates who want to run for chief executive in 2017, which the democracy activists said rendered the universal suffrage concept meaningless. China, with separatist headaches in Tibet and Xinjiang, is concerned that calls for democracy might spread on the mainland and is unlikely to give an inch of ground after the worst unrest in the former British colony since it returned to China in 1997.
“OUTSIDE FORCES”
Several Western countries, including Britain, have urged China to keep its promise about universal suffrage, though activists have urged Britain, with strong trade ties with Beijing, to take a stronger stand. “One country, two systems has made great contributions to Hong Kong’s prosperity and stability and has garnered broad international approval,” Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Li Baodong told reporters on Wednesday.

Warren Buffett would  bet money  on Hillary Clinton becoming presidentE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Barca face La Liga expulsion if Catalonia splits from SpainBarca face La Liga expulsion if Catalonia splits from Spain
By By Tim Hanlon | Reuters –  Tue 7 Oct, 2014
Print
By Tim Hanlon
BARCELONA (Reuters) - Barcelona would not be allowed to play in La Liga if Catalonia broke away from Spain, the country's football league chief Javier Tebas said as tensions mounted in the region over the possibility of an independence referendum next month.
Politics have been interwoven with the football club almost since it was formed and is summed up by the team's motto: ‘more than a club'.
Barca's role in pushing the Catalan nationalist cause varies depending on the board in power, but it always plays a central role in cultural life.
The present board, first under president Sandro Rosell and now Josep Maria Bartomeu, have taken a back-seat role in the heated debate currently taking place in the region about whether to hold an independence referendum on Nov. 9.
Catalan independence would clearly impact on the future of Barca, who, along with Real Madrid, are the major powerhouses of the Spanish game with support throughout the country.
In the event that Barca did leave La Liga then it would severely weaken the image of the competition at home and abroad.
Similarly it would be hard to imagine Barca and local rivals Espanyol competing in a Catalan league, which would have many semi-professional teams.
"If Catalonia became independent, taking into consideration the Sports Law that would be enforced by the rest of Spain, Barcelona wouldn’t be allowed to play," Tebas, the president of the LFP, told a sports conference in Barcelona.
"There would have to be a change in the law made in the Spanish Parliament.
"Clearly if it happened then it would be detrimental for Spanish football to lose Barca who are an historic club.
"I can’t imagine the LFP without Barca. In the same way as I can’t imagine Catalonia without Spain, I can’t see La Liga without Barca. Also if it did happen what would you call the league: the Spanish League or the Iberian League?"
Barca supporters aligned with former-president Joan Laporta are calling on the club to be more vocal in support of the referendum.
Laporta, who was president from 2003 to 2010, wanted the club to be at the forefront of Catalan nationalist politics, which angered many fans, particularly those from other parts of Spain who felt alienated.
The present board though are less committal.
"It is a sensitive subject and the club won’t get involved but the president is considering making a statement in the coming days," said a Barca spokesman.
Xavi and Gerard Pique, however, are among the Barca players who have come out in support of a referendum, following a September rally in Barcelona in favour of the vote, attended by 1.8 million people according to the police.
“We have all the right in the world to vote. We need to vote, we need the people to show their opinions and I am in favour of the referendum obviously,” Xavi told a news conference.
Both he and Pique were or currently are Spain internationals and the latter says that he still gives his all when playing for La Roja.
"I am Catalan and I wanted to take part in the rally. I went with friends to have a good time with the other 1.8 million that were there,” Pique told a news conference.
"There is no need to doubt me. I have played for the national team for 11 years and it is something different to be in favour of a referendum which is democratic. People should have the right to vote and this has nothing to do with the other."
(Editing by Toby Davis)

Govt clears 33 long-pending defence projectsGovernment approves 33 long-pending defence projects
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 15:32 IST
Commerce minister Nirmala Sitharaman.
The government has cleared 33 long-pending defence projects, including those of Reliance Aerospace, Bharat Forge, Mahindra Telephonic Integrated Systems and Tata Advanced Materials, a move that is expected to boost advanced manufacturing and attract huge investment. The decision would also boost Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign.
Applicants in 14 pending cases have been informed that licences are not required anymore as a vast number of defence items have been delicensed.
According to a Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) statement on Tuesday, it has been possible to approve these cases as a consequence of the simplification of the foreign direct investment (FDI) policy. The FDI cap in defence has been raised from 26 per cent to 49 per cent, and portfolio investment up to 24 per cent of the total equity of the investee/joint venture company has been permitted under the automatic route. The requirement of 51 per cent equity ownership by a single Indian investor/company has been done away with.
The defence products list for industrial licensing has been issued, wherein large number of parts/components, castings/forgings, etc. have been excluded from preview of industrial licensing.
Similarly, dual use item, having military as well as civilian application (unless classified as defence items) now do not require an industrial licence from the defence angle. This has enabled domestic and international companies to undertake manufacturing without going through a lengthy process. The applicant company now only needs to file an Industrial Entrepreneur Memorandum for these items and implement his project through the automatic route.
"It is expected that the approval for these 33 applications and the deregulation of the defence product list excluding a large number of components from purview of industrial licensing will provide a major impetus to advanced manufacturing in defence sector," the statement added.
The Licensing Committee also discussed possibility of removal of stipulation of annual capacity in the industrial licence as also to permit sale of licensed items to other entities under the control of home ministry, state governments, PSUs and other defence licensed companies without requiring approval of the Department of Defence Production.
It was agreed that the above stipulation would be relaxed subject to submission of bi-annual returns by the unit. DIPP would soon notify the above decision by issue of a press note, the statement said.

New tariff guidelines  coal supply bottlenecks dent NTPC s prospectsNew tariff guidelines, coal supply bottlenecks dent NTPC's prospects
Ujjval Jauhari & Jyoti Mukul | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 10:46 PM IST
NTPC, the country’s largest power generation company, with an installed capacity of 43,128 Mw, has found itself beset with the various concerns surrounding the sector.
Tight coal supply has been the primary reason for most generating companies not maintaining performance. For NTPC, specifically, the impact of the regulatory guidelines on the rates of return from distribution companies is more worrying.
On the bourses, thus, NTPC has underperformed the broader market. At Rs 144, its share price is similar to levels seen a year before. A good rally was seen in the stock after the general election results, with increased expectations of the new government giving a push to the power projects. The rally fizzled on rising concerns regarding coal blocks, with the Supreme Court finally de-allocating the bulk of those given to corporate groups. Some of NTPC’s were spared but, overall, the verdict meant more of constraints in coal availability, not good news for the company.
NTPC’s expenditure on fuel was 85 per cent of its total operational expenditure during 2013-14. The bulk of this pertained to coal (89 per cent) itself. Though coal costs have been rising, the major impact on profitability is being provided by the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission’s new rules, as coal costs generally remain a pass-through.
In the new CERC guidelines, one of the harshest is to withdraw the incentives related to Plant Availability Factor (PAF). Withdrawal of tax arbitrage adds to the problem, as reduction of station heat rate incentives to the company also get reduced.
K Biswal, the finance director at NTPC, says the main challenge is that the operating norms in the 2009-14 regulations, based on which it made investments, have changed. “One cannot implement or one cannot ask us to face the operating norms with retrospective effect. If at all these are applicable, we can apply it on new projects, new capacity additions that would come after the promulgation of new tariff (rate) regulations. It should not apply for the existing and under-construction projects,” he said at an investor call.
The standalone Ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation) margins have continued to decline, from 27.3 per cent for the June 2013 quarter to 18.1 per cent in the June 2014 one. The return on equity (RoE) is likely to come down from 22-23 per cent to 17-18 per cent if the new CERC regulations remain in force. NTPC has challenged these at the high court in Delhi.
Coal availability continues to be a problem and has restricted output. In his interactions with analysts after the first quarter results, however, Biswal said gross generation at 63.133 billion units during the April-June quarter increased 10.8 per cent over the previous year’s 57 bn units. The plant load factor (PLF) of coal-based stations was 84.3 per cent for the first quarter against 79.1 per cent in the same period a year before.
The PAF was 89.3 per cent for the first quarter as against 84.9 per cent last year, an increase of 444 basis points (bps). However, for gas-based plants, this was 90.1 per cent for the June quarter as against 94.4 per cent last year. NTPC generated 19.1 billion units in August, up six per cent, contributing to 21 per cent of total generation, partly driven by a four per cent increase in capacity base.
However, Elara Capital’s reports suggest the coal stock has worsened, with 15 plants of NTPC aggregating 30,000 Mw (verses 12 plants in June and seven in May) having less than seven days inventory. Overall, PLF was 80 per cent, up 785 bps over a year but still below the normative level of 85 per cent, affecting the incentives. Though the lower PLF in August can also be attributed to the monsoon season, when heat levels come down, NTPC saw a slide in PLF from 90.8 per cent in FY10 to 81.5 per cent in FY14.
Depreciation and interest costs have also been rising. While these are also largely pass-through, the crucial factor is the new guidelines that have a bearing on the RoE, a key parameter that analysts take into consideration while valuing any stock.

China objects to Indo-US statement on S China Seaprint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama speak after a meeting in the Oval Office of the White House. (AFP Photo)
China on Wednesday expressed its displeasure over reference in the India-US joint statement to tension in the South China Sea, saying no third party had the right to interfere in the region.
China is locked in disputes with several of its maritime neighbours in the South China Sea over the ownership of islands and it is highly sensitive to any mention about the freedom of navigation in those waters. The India-US joint statement, which was issued after Prime Minister Narendra Modi met US President Barack Obama in Washington on September 30, "expressed concern about rising tensions over maritime territorial disputes" and the need to ensure "freedom of navigation and over flight throughout the region, especially in the South China Sea".
China's foreign ministry spokesperson, Hong Lei, referred to the statement during a regular briefing on Wednesday, making the first statement on the issue.
"Our position is that the dispute in the South China Sea should be resolved by countries directly concerned through negotiation and consultation, and any third party should not be involved in the dispute."
China's ongoing disputes in the South China Sea rise over claims and counterclaims over several uninhabited islands, which are said to be sitting on huge reserves of oil and natural gas.
Beijing claims sovereignty over almost the entire sea, but its assertions clash with countries like Vietnam and Philippines among others.
China also has a similar dispute with Japan in the East China Sea.
India has mentioned the "freedom of navigation" in the South China Sea on several occasions before without appearing to be directly involved in the maritime tussle in what China considers its backyard.
China would have closely monitored President Pranab Mukherjee Vietnam visit in September -- days before Chinese President Xi Jinping visited India -- when New Delhi and Hanoi strengthened defence and energy ties.
India and Vietnam also agreed to consolidate energy bilateral cooperation following a 2013 agreement under which PetroVietnam offered ONGC oil and gas blocks for exploration in the South China Sea.

Govt plans to raise Rs 5 000 cr through ETF by MarchGovt plans to raise Rs 5,000 cr through ETF by March
Reuters | New Delhi Oct 08, 2014 10:42 PM IST
The government plans to raise around Rs 5,000 crore ($813.4 million) this financial year by selling stakes in companies including ITC, Larsen & Toubro and Axis Bank, a senior official with knowledge of policymakers’ discussions said on Wednesday.
The sales could be made through an exchange traded fund that could be launched before the end of March, the official told Reuters, requesting anonymity as he is not authorised to speak to the media.
The exchange-traded fund (ETF) would be made up of the government’s stakeholdings in up to 10 companies, including stakes in companies held through an offshoot of the Unit Trust of India known as SUUTI.
The government holds 11.27 per cent in ITC, 8.18 per cent in L&T and 11.66 per cent in Axis Bank through SUUTI.
SUUTI, which stands for Specified Undertaking of The Unit Trust of India, said in a statement that it has invited bids from asset management companies to help it set up the ETF.
“The size of the ETF could be about 50 billion rupees though the final decision would be taken in consultation with the asset management company," the official said.
Last month, Arvind Mayaram, finance secretary at the finance ministry, said that the government was considering floating an ETF to sell shares held by SUUTI.
Earlier this year, the government sold a 9 percent stake in Axis Bank to instituional investors.
In his maiden budget in July, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley set a target of Rs 58,425 crore ($9.5 billion) to be raised through the sale of shares in state-run companies and minority stakes in private companies.  In March, the government raised 44 billion rupees through another ETF comprising shares of 10 state-run companies including ONGC, Indian Oil and Coal India.

AT&T pays $105m in bogus charges caseAT&T pays $105m to settle bogus charges case
By David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da3538b2-4ef3-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Logistics firms ramp up capacity to handle discount sale rushLogistics firms ramp up capacity to handle discount sale rush
Mamuni Das
Plan B: With limited air freight capacity, logistics firms are ready to move merchandise by train during the peak shopping season
Long work hours, Rajdhani Express as back-up among steps to deal with festival offers
New Delhi, October 8:  
Prolonged work hours for employees, using Rajdhani Express as a back-up and creating dedicated delivery teams for the festival season are some of the steps logistics firms are taking to deal with the ongoing ‘bumper offers’ by e-commerce as well as brick and mortar players.
As online firms and traditional retailers race each other to lure more shoppers, more and more merchandise needs to be transported. This has become a huge business opportunity for logistics firms.
This month, DotZot expects to clock a 50-60 per cent increase in pick-up and delivery of products against last month. Delhivery looks to notch up 2.5-3 times higher business during the festival season. And Safexpress, which counts a longer festive season from Onam in September to Christmas in December, anticipates it will handle 1.35 times the average volumes handled in the remaining nine-month period.
Capacity hike
Logistics firms have, therefore, spruced up capacity. “We had to take steps to align ourselves with our customers. So, staff are not being sanctioned holidays easily, people have to work longer hours and will be incentivised accordingly,” said Sanjiv Kathuria, CEO and Co-founder, Dotzot, an arm of DTDC that focuses on e-retail logistics.
Safexpress, which has been targeting the e-retail segment for a year now, did not need to ramp up its warehousing space as it has 19 logistics parks across the country. But it has hired more people to serve online customers, apart from adding more vehicles, said Vineet Kanaujia, Vice-President, Marketing, Safexpress.
The company has extended a dedicated fleet and team to deliver furniture from online mart Fabfurnish and fit them for customers this Diwali in Bangalore. Logistics firms get the potential business projections much in advance from their customers. “Preparations to meet high business volumes began in May-June. Moreover, the sale schemes are spread over a much longer duration now, a move that prevents sharper spikes. Higher business starts from August and extends till December-January,” said TA Krishnan, co-founder, Ecom Express, a logistics firm that focuses on last-mile deliveries in 168 cities with 250 delivery centres.
Sahil Baruah, co-founder and CEO, Delhivery, said while the company was seeing 2.5-3 times higher volumes than normal days.
But despite all the preparations, the actual turn of events may be different from the projections, which may push logistics firms to have a Plan B in place. “We book airline capacity in advance. But in this festive rush, passenger bookings are also high and passenger luggage is given first priority, so there is a larger likelihood of shortage in freight space. So, we are also using Rajdhani Express trains as a back-up. For instance, in the Delhi-Mumbai sector, the Rajdhani takes 18 hours. It is better to get on a fast train than wait for airline capacity,” said Kathuria of Dotzot.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Diversifying Bahrain is advantage India IncDiversifying Bahrain is advantage India Inc
R Balaji
Chemco group set to start production at Manama factory
Chennai, October 8:  
With Bahrain’s Government focussed on diversifying its economy, more and more Indian companies are finding the island Gulf nation as a friendly place to set up business.
A range of Indian companies and financial institutions, including the Chemco Group, ICICI Bank and the KIMS healthcare chain, already have sizeable operations in Bahrain.
Chemco Plastic Bahrain, part of the Chemco group, is set to open trial production at its factory in Manama this month, said Bimal Sharma, General Manager. The company had announced in October 2013 that it would invest $25 million in the Gulf nation to set up the factory. Chemco produces PET (polyethylene) bottle pre-forms from which the containers for food and pharma products are made. The Bahrain plant gives the group an entry into the markets in West Asia and Africa.
Sharma was addressing a group of journalists, on a trip organised by Bahrain’s Economic Development Board recently, at the company’s under-construction factory in the Bahrain Industrial Investment Park, Manama.
Not just Chemco, a range of Indian companies and financial institutions are looking at Bahrain as a gateway to West Asia and the US. The Gulf nation has a free trade agreement with the US.
ICICI Bank, India’s top private lender, is the largest foreign bank in Bahrain.
KIMS Group, which operates a healthcare chain in Kerala and West Asia, runs the Royal Bahrain Hospital and is looking for further expansion in the country.
Capri Jalota, Chief Operating Officer of the group, says Bahrain is the healthcare chains headquarters and will be the hub from which the group can expand presence to other countries in the Gulf region.
. The group has plans to invest about $50 million in the region of which $20 million will be in Bahrain. It also plans to diversify into setting up a pharmacy chain.
Diversification
Jarmo T Kotilaine, Chief Economist at the Economic Development Board, a State-run agency that facilitates industrial investments, said Bahrain has consistently focussed on diversifying its economy.
Just about 20 per cent of its GDP is based on oil and natural gas. Financial services contributes equally to the economy, with manufacturing accounting for about 15 per cent and other sectorsmaking up the balance. It is an open economy and foreign companies are not constrained by boundaries, said Kotilaine.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

From a hockey defeat to near war  a tale of two neighboursFrom a hockey defeat to near war, a tale of two neighbours
Harinder Baweja , Hindustan Times  Gakhrial, Jammu, October 08, 2014
First Published: 22:08 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:58 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
Tensions on the international border (IB) escalated to a new high  with heavy mortars flying across the entire length of the 192 km IB Tuesday night.
BSF Inspector General Rakesh Sharma confirmed that while 37 border outposts were targeted on Monday night. Pakistan Rangers fired at 63 outposts Tuesday night.
HT visited the Gakhrial post which has been under attack for the last two nights. BSF officials said they fired 60 to 70 mortars in the space of an hour while on Monday they had fired the same amount through the course of the entire night. "It feels like war," one BSF official said.
The escalation was also measured through mortars being fired in day light. Normally the border comes alive to the sound of shelling only at night but IG Sharma said bombs landed in Samba at 8.30 am.
Officials are now wondering how this spiral will end as there are no signs of a let up and india is clear about not seeking a flag meeting.
At the various posts along the border, officials know when and why it started. Several that HT spoke with said the firing started soon after Pakistan lost the Asian games hockey final to India.
The shelling, some say, had a lot to do with Prime Minister Narendra Modis US visit where he was feted by President Barack Obama while Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif's call for a plebiscite in Kashmir met with a tepid response.
"The Pakistani army is trying to focus international attention on Kashmir and this time they're trying to say that not only is the line of control disputed, the international border too is not clearly demarcated. We have no option but to retaliate" said a senior BSF official.
The retaliation is swift and intense. Commanders admit privately that they are not even bothering to counter machine gun fire with machine guns. It is mortars all the way. Even when Pakistan opens up with machine guns, the reply is given with heavy mortar fire, mostly 81 mm mortars which have an effective range of 5 km. "There is no point in wasting 10,000 rounds," said one commander.
Across the International Border, BSF companies are requisitioning for more bombs from their battalion headquarters.
As the sun sets once again, there is a sense of unease of what this night will bring and how many more mortars will have to be fired in what has clearly become a reaction/counter-reaction battle.

Significant shift to equities at these valuations not advisable: Vetri SubramaniamSignificant shift to equities at these valuations not advisable: Vetri Subramaniam
Chandan Kishore Kant | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 10:48 PM IST
With stock indices off their recent peaks, value investing opportunities are few. Vetri Subramaniam, chief investment officer, Religare Invesco Mutual Fund, believes the current valuations are at a premium to the long-term average. He tells Chandan Kishore Kant this might not be the right time to make significant allocations to equity. Edited excerpts:
The markets are slightly off their peaks. Is it a good time to start a nibble?
The Nifty is down only four per cent from its all-time high. This is hardly a correction. There has not been a single pullback of 10 per cent since this rally started in September 2013. It is impossible to predict when and where a correction will come but just because we don’t know when and how does not mean that it will not or cannot happen.
What do you advise investors who missed the rally?
We do not look at it in that manner. Right now, valuations are at a premium to the long-term averages — they are not expensive but neither are they cheap. To make a big asset allocation change, we think investors should be guided by valuations. For investors contemplating a significant allocation to equity, the advice would be that this is best done when valuations are trading below the long-term averages. That is not the case right now. So, stay with systematic investing. The best time to shift allocation away from equities is when valuations are extremely expensive. The crucial point is that allocation shifts should be guided by valuations, not by outlook and sentiment.
There are concerns over valuation in the mid-cap space. After a strong rally in the mid-cap counters, is there enough room left for further upside?
Mid-caps normally trade at a discount to large caps. Right now, they are trading at a premium. Therefore, the valuation support for mid-caps is not very compelling. Having said that, we believe in equities, mid-caps in particular, the key generating an alpha over the long term is stock selection and patience. For mid-cap companies, this is more important than economic and market valuation cycles.
With regard to the economic cycle, we think profit growth could be higher in mid-caps as economic growth picks up. Over the longer term, mid-caps have delivered higher returns than large-caps, with higher volatility.
Is this a stock-specific market or are there sectoral plays available?
In the shorter term, the market exhibits different cycles but over the longer term, stock selection plays the larger role in generating alpha. Given where the valuations are, the emphasis in the short term should be on growth. Over the longer term, the best opportunities would be in economy-sensitive sectors such as industrials, financial and consumer discretionary. But the returns are a function of starting valuations and hence we cannot ignore the risk posed by valuations.  
Amid concerns raised by the Reserve Bank in the latest credit policy, mainly about inflation, how do you see the growth story and its impact on stocks?
RBI is on the right track with its focus on inflation. The weakness in the global economy and falling commodity prices will, hopefully, aid the inflation to RBI's targeted glide path. For the economy and the markets, it is preferable that RBI succeeds in its battle against inflation before the government succeeds in restoring growth. We do not see any immediate rate cuts but in the long term, a low and stable inflation rate is key to establishing India's competitiveness.
Do public sector units, banks in particular, offer value at this juncture?
We like banks with a strong liability franchise and a clean lending book. And, certainly not a loan book that is opaque. These banks would be best placed to grow and compete effectively in the market when growth revives. Healthy capital adequacy to support growth is a necessity. Very few PSU banks score well across this range of factors.
How much preference do you give to defensives? What call do you have on pharmaceuticals?
Indian pharma companies might not fit the 'defensive' tag any more. They're growth companies, driven by generic drug exports to developed and developing markets. We have always viewed this sector bottom-up because the difference between companies and strategies is acute. We like several companies on a bottom-up basis in the sector.

Govt to look into complaints on Flipkart discount sale: Sitharaman'Govt to look into complaints on Flipkart's big sale'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 17:56 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:54 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
The government has received “many complaints” from traders on e-retailer Flipkart’s massive discount sale on Monday that offered deep discounts but also threw open the question of lack of regulatory oversight over India’s booming e-commerce business.
“We have received many inputs. Lot of concerns have been expressed. We will look into it,” commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman said on Wednesday.
Read: ‘Marked up’ prices, server crash spoil Flipkart party
Flipkart’s ‘The Big Billion Day’ overburdened its servers within two hours of the sale being opened and many users complained of landing on error pages and seeing their sale process being interrupted, amid accusations that discounts were offered on inflated prices.
“There are many complaints. We will study the matter... Whether there is a need for a separate policy or some kind of clarification is needed, we will make it clear soon,” said Sitharaman, who is also the minister of state for finance and corporate affairs.
Read: Flipkart has got mail, 16 'open letters' to the e-commerce giant on Big Billion Day
The Confederation of All India Traders has also sought a probe into the business model and trade practices of e-commerce companies to find out how they are offering huge discounts during the festive season.
Flipkart on Tuesday wrote a formal apology to its registered customers for the technical and transaction troubles faced on Monday, when attempting to purchase goods on the website.
The company earned the ire of disgruntled shoppers by offering some supposedly discounted items at prices higher than what rivals such as Amazon and Snapdeal were offering.

US Stocks Have Their Best Day of 2014Katniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

http://usat.ly/1vRCy8kFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
CEO's affair leads Johnson Controls to jilt firm
A major automotive supplier, Johnson Controls, has fired a Milwaukee-based consulting firm after learning one of its partners allegedly had an affair with its CEO, Bloomberg News reports. The change comes
Post to Facebook
CEO's affair leads Johnson Controls to jilt firm A major automotive supplier, Johnson Controls, has fired a Milwaukee-based consulting firm after learning one of its partners allegedly had an affair with its CEO, Bloomberg News reports. The change comes Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xpLmkZ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
17
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
CEO's affair leads Johnson Controls to jilt firm
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 3:47 p.m. EDT October 8, 2014
Alex Molinaroli is CEO of Johnson Controls. This photo is from his website.
(Photo: Johnson Controls)
287 CONNECT 56 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 17 COMMENTEMAILMORE
A major automotive supplier, Johnson Controls, has fired a Milwaukee-based consulting firm after learning one of its partners allegedly had an affair with its CEO, Bloomberg News reports.
The change comes after a lurid series of events that has involved a restraining order against CEO Alex Molinaroli's estranged wife, who separately faces disorderly conduct charges for allegedly having fired four shots inside the family home.
The alleged affair involved Molinaroli, 55,who is CEO, president and chairman; and a psychologist, Kristin Ihle, 45, according to a transcript in which Ihle sought the restraining order.
The trouble began after Molinaroli informed his family of the affair with Ihle in May, Bloomberg says. She is a principal in the firm of Lichter & Ihle , which provides executive coaching, leadership development and succession planning. It says it has worked with Johnson Controls of Milwaukee for years.
Bloomberg reports that on May 28, Molinaroli's wife of 28 years, Patsy, 59 sent an email to Ihle threatening to "destroy you, your family and business, just as you have done to me," according to a hearing transcript. That same day, Patsy Molinaroli is alleged to have fired four shots from a .38-caliber pistol and destroyed a china cabinet and other property with an aluminum baseball bat. She filed for divorce in June.
Johnson Controls issued a statement confirming it had parted ways with the consultancy.
"To avoid any perception or potential future conflicts, management elected to terminate the consulting firm," the company said.
It also said it fully backs Molinaroli, saying its board had reviewed the "referenced relationship and determed that no conflicts of interest occurred." Thus, Molinaroli continues on the job with "full support of the board, and the company considers this matter to be closed."
Alex Molinaroli was promoted to CEO last year. He joined Johnson Controls in 1983.
Ihle was a former professional track and field athlete and holds a PhD in psychology.
287 CONNECT 56 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 17 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xpLmkZ
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

IMF: Investors may lose $3.8 tn on flare-upsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nifty seen opening higher; may reclaim 7850 levelsDow Jones
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Thursday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to reclaim its crucial psychological support level of 7850 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 32.50 points higher at 7929 indicating positive opening on the domestic market.
Indian markets ended on a flat note on Wednesday. BSE's Sensex was down by 25.18 points and closed at 26246.79, while NSE's Nifty ended by 9.70 points lower and closed at 7842.70.
Nifty managed to respect the support level of 7840 which is also the trend reversal level for the index, and any breach of the same on closing basis would increase the possibility of a severe sell off till 7721 and below that 7655.
If the decline is very strong, lower levels of 7540 in coming few sessions cannot be ruled out either, say analysts. However, if 7840 is defended as a support for yet another day then we may see bounce back attempts till 7900 - 7920 range.
"Possibility of such a decline below 7840 increases as the index has given a close below the 50 Day EMA and the 13 and 21 Day EMA's have registered a sell along with glaring negative divergence and a sell registered by the RSI on the weekly charts," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"However, till the time the index trades below 8000 the bearish possibility remains intact. Only on a move beyond 8000 would negate the threat of an immediate decline and Nifty may then test higher levels," added the report.
The brokerage firm continues to recommend a stop loss of 7840 (closing) for positional Nifty traders.
Overnight, U.S. stocks ended higher with major indexes posting their biggest one-day jumps of 2014 after the Federal Reserve reassured investors that its first interest rate hike would not come until it deemed the economy could withstand it.
"The Fed has said that it would not raise rates for a "considerable time," and in the minutes from its Sept. 16-17 meeting the U.S. central bank expressed concern that this could be interpreted "as a commitment" rather than being based on data that pointed to an economy that could grow without Fed stimulus," Reuters reported.
"The minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 meeting showed officials are struggling with how to come to grips with the dual threats of a stronger dollar and a global slowdown as they seek an eventual exit from low interest rates," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 274.83 points, or 1.64 percent, to 16,994.22, the S&P 500 gained 33.79 points, or 1.75 percent, to 1,968.89 and the Nasdaq Composite added 83.39 points, or 1.9 percent, to 4,468.59.
Asian shares were trading higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.6 per cent higher at 15,689 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 1.1 per cent higher at 23,526.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.4 per cent lower at 1,955 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.20 per cent higher at 2,388.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HTC RE is not a GoPro killer  it is a new cameracategoryPrint
The HTC RE is waterproof and can attach to your cap or arm. (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New York | Posted: October 9, 2014 8:27 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 6:45 pm
It is rare for a smartphone company to branch off into a completely new vertical. But HTC is doing just this with its new RE camera, what the company internally calls a “remarkable little camera”.
While everyone is tempted to start calling this simple, uncomplicated handheld camera a rival for the GoPro, which has almost acquired cult status across most of the globe, HTC Corporation CEO Peter Chou doesn’t agree. “We are very different, we are mobile, we don’t need a PC and we are cloud based… we are for everybody,” Chou told IndianExpress.com during an interaction on the sidelines of the launch in New York.
And this is going to be the USP of the RE. The camera for the everyone. To start with, this camera has just two buttons — one to shoot and another to initiate slow motion. The camera does not have a power button as it switches on when you hold it in your hand.
HTC USA head Jaon Mackenzie says this shape is ideal to grip, but then you can attach it to a whole lot of places from your arm to the front of a bicycle. A single press on the main buttons gets you a 16MP still image, while a long press starts Full HD (1080p) video recording. Things couldn’t be more simpler.
But then this is a device for the mobile generation. It does not need to be tethered to a PC at any time and can be controlled by an app. HTC has launched the app for all Android devices with version 4.3 upwards and even iOS. A clear indication that it is taking this camera very seriously.
The camera does not come with internal storage, so the app lets you save images and videos to the cloud. You can also add an SD card of up to 128GB.
Perched on a bottle top, the HTC RE records a conversation with Chia-Lin Chang, HTC’s President of Global Sales and Chief Financial Officer
HTC RE has a distinct price advantage too, given that it is priced at $199 in the US. You also don’t need to spend much on accessories as it is already waterproof.
The RE will become available in India by November and we estimate it to be priced between Rs 15,000 and Rs 20,000.  HTC might try and go a bit below this price point. Consider that with the starting price of around Rs 30,000 for an older GoPro model. HTC really has a chance to create a mark for itself in this category. But it won’t be long before a lot of other companies like Sony continued…

No let up in cross-border firing by Pakistan  three more civilians injured overnightAs firing from across the border declined following strong retaliatory response by India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Friday said Pakistan has been taught a "befitting lesson" with the Army "shutting their mouth".
         
"Pakistan has got a befitting lesson. They will not dare to repeat it again. Our jawans have shut their mouth," he said addressing an election rally at Dhamangaon in Maharashtra.
         
The Prime Minister said those living close to the border with Pakistan who had to leave their homes following nine days of heavy mortar shelling and firing will be adequately compensated by the Centre.
         
"I assure you, the government of India will act promptly to provide adequate compensation to those who had to leave their homes due to shelling and migrate elsewhere," he said.
         
Modi also slammed Congress for targeting him over his government's response to Pakistan's aggression.
         
"Congress is busy issuing statements over what is happening on the Pakistan border. This not the time for empty 'boli' (talk) by them, but for 'goli' (bullet) by our jawans," he said.
A lady clears her damaged house after heavy firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Kanachak village in Jammu. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
 Meanwhile Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif Friday called for honouring the sanctity of the border with India. 
Sharif, who chaired a National Security Committee (NSC) meeting, said that Pakistan's desire for peace should not be misunderstood, Dawn  Online reported.
The meeting was attended by Pakistan's interior minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan, defence minister Khawaja Asif, the advisor to prime minister on national security and foreign affairs Sartaj Aziz and senior military officers.
The top military leadership briefed the meeting about the latest situation along the Line of Control and the International Boundary and said that Pakistani forces were only firing in self-defence and not targeting civilian areas.
 Sharif also deplored the loss of lives in the Pakistani side as a result of the firing.
Except for  firing by Pakistan in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district for about 20 minutes at four  BSF outposts, there for was no firing along the IB on Thursday night. 
Read: Pak’s logic for targeting border stumps Army, BSF
"There was no cross-border firing during the intervening night of October 9 and 10 along the International Border in Jammu and Samba districts", a BSF spokesperson said.
 The IB has witnessed heavy firing for nine days that has left eight persons dead and injured nearly 90 people, including 13 security personnel.
 
Besides over 32,000 people have fled from their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.
 
India and Pakistan troops traded heavy fire along the IB on the intervening night of October 7 and 8 after Pakistan Rangers shelled almost the entire IB by targeting 60 outposts and over 130 border hamlets in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts of Jammu and Kashmir, in which 15 people including 3 BSF jawans were injured.
Earlier on Thursday defence minister Arun Jaitley warned Pakistan that it would have to pay an “unaffordable” price if it persisted with unprovoked firing along the border, upping the ante amid the most intense fighting between the South Asian rivals in over a decade.
“If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable for it,” Jaitley told a press conference. “India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor but at the same time it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory.”
Watch: Pakistan to pay ‘unaffordable’ price for their ‘adventurism’: Arun Jaitley
Jaitley said Indian forces were doing a commendable job in the face of acts of aggression by Pakistan and ruled out talks until the firing continued.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said India responded to the aggression from across the border with courage.
“The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated,” Modi told an election rally in Maharashtra's Baramati on Thursday .
“Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage.”
Read: To minimise casualties, BSF asks locals to restrict movement
This is the first major fighting with Pakistan that the Prime Minister has dealt with since winning the election in May. It comes after weeks of destabilising anti-government protests in Pakistan and just a few days ahead of state assembly elections, for which Modi has been campaigning.
While exchanges of sporadic fire are common along the border, the extent and intensity of the exchanges and the number of civilian deaths is unusual
Analysts say the violence comes at a time when Pakistan's army is taking a more assertive role in the country’s politics while India has toughened its stance ahead of assembly elections this month.

 Asia Rebound After Fed Renews Dovish CredentialsYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Rebound After Fed Renews Dovish Credentials
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 07:27 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
New York:
Asian shares bounced back and the dollar fell on Thursday after minutes of the US Federal Reserve's latest policy meeting showed policymakers have some concerns about downside risks to the global economy and the dollar's strength.
Japan's Nikkei share average rose 0.8 per cent while MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.5 per cent.
The minutes of the Fed's September 16-17 meeting showed officials are struggling with how to come to grips with the dual threats of a stronger dollar and a global slowdown as they seek an eventual exit from low interest rates.
"The overall tone of the minutes was that the Fed will manage its policy so as not to damage a fragile economy, paying attention to various downside risks," said Tohru Yamamoto, chief fixed income strategist at Daiwa Securities.
"There's absolutely no indication of an early rate hike," he added.
US interest rate futures reacted vividly to the minutes, with June 2015 eurodollar interest rate futures hitting a contract high as traders scaled back expectations that the Fed will raise rates by June.
The rate sensitive two-year US Treasury note yield hit a seven-week low of 0.444 per cent. The 30-year bond yield dropped to a 17-month low of 3.039 per cent.
US stocks soared on Wednesday, with major indexes posting their biggest one-day jumps of 2014, reversing falls earlier in the session to their lowest levels since August.
In the currency market, where the dollar had gained sharply over the past three months on the perception that higher US rates down the road will attract more funds, investors also quickly rushed out of dollar-buying positions.
The dollar's index against a basket of six major currencies slipped to 85.198, its lowest level in nearly two weeks, having fallen 1.8 per cent from its four-year high of 86.746 hit on Friday. It last stood at 85.218.
As the dollar wilted, the euro recovered to two-week high of $1.2749, despite a run of weak German data earlier this week, such as industrial output having biggest fall since January 2009. The euro last stood at $1.2724.
Against the yen, the US currency traded at 108.16 yen, not far from three-week low of 107.75 yen touched on Wednesday.
The British pound stood at $1.6160, off an 11-month low of $1.5943 hit on Monday, ahead of the Bank of England's policy announcement later in the day. The bank is expected to keep rates steady near record lows.
Elsewhere, US crude oil prices hit a 1 1/2-year low of $86.83 per barrel while Brent oil, European benchmark, hit a two-year low of $91.00.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Nifty to remain choppy  says Mohit GabaNifty to remain choppy  says Mohit Gaba
Edit: Make LEDs first choice for lightingEdit: Make LEDs first choice for lighting
Gold futures settle lower 0.53% to USD 1 205.30Gold futures settle lower 0.53% to USD 1 205.30
MB Financial Bank Collaborates with Illinois Bankers Association (IBA) to Hold First Ever Bipartisan Legislative Forum for StaffMB Financial Bank Collaborates with Illinois Bankers Association (IBA) to Hold First Ever Bipartisan Legislative Forum for Staff
Express 5: Everything will be fine soon at the LoC  says Modi; Chand Mohammad is back forvotesWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 9:03 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. MODI TALKS TOUGH:
Hours after India warned Pakistan of an “effective and appropriate” response to ceasefire violations along the border, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday hinted at an early resolution, saying “everything will be fine soon”.
After India sends Pak tough message on border fire, PM hints at early resolution , report by Pranav Kulkarni and Vijaita Singh
2. BACK IN POLL FRAY:
The Deputy Chief Minister who famously gave up his career, family and religion for love in 2008 is back in front of the cameras — this time, in his original avatar, as Chander Mohan, son of Bhajan Lal.
Remember Chand Mohammad? He is back as Chander Mohan, for votes , special report by Pradeep R Kaushal
3. NEW PITCH:
The Shiv Sena appears to have found the ideal pitch to make its play for the assembly elections on October 15 — the maidans that host Mumbai cricket’s iconic Kanga League in Shivaji Park.
Sena makes a new play for votes in Mumbai’s cricket league – Devendra Pandey  reports from Mumbai
4. OPINION:
For judicial office to attract the best talent, there is a need to raise judges’ salaries and their age of retirement.
The quality of judges , writes T R Andhyarujina
5. CRICKET:
Marlon Samuels is a reserved man. You saw that when he reached his century – an innings that would go on to become his highest one-day score – in Kochi.

Australian couple reject surrogate baby in India on gender  take home its twinsiblingPrint
Associated Press | Canberra | Posted: October 9, 2014 8:54 am
An Australian couple rejected their biological child born to an Indian surrogate mother because of the baby’s gender, but took home its twin sibling, a judge said.
News of the case that dates back to 2012 follows a recent furor over an Australian couple that left behind a disabled twin born to a Thai surrogate mother that prompted a ban on commercial surrogacy in Thailand.
Australian Family Court Chief Justice Diana Bryant told Australian Broadcasting Corp. in an interview broadcast on Thursday that the couple’s decision to leave their biological baby in India was based on its gender.
“They already had one sex and they didn’t want the other child,” Bryant told the media outlet. “I don’t know whether it was a boy or a girl.”
The Australian High Commission in New Delhi delayed giving the Australian parents a visa for the wanted child while they tried to persuade them to take both children, Bryant said.
Australia’s Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Thursday. Federal Circuit Court Chief Judge John Pascoe has called for a national inquiry into international commercial surrogacy.
“I find it almost unbelievable that Australians would be choosing a child on the basis of sex and it’s particularly tragic when you think there are wonderful people out there who would love to have a child of any sex,” Pascoe told the media outlet.
“I think international surrogacy is the new front line in human trafficking and we have enough anecdotal evidence to believe that people are commissioning children willy-nilly without any proper protections for the children or for the surrogate mothers,” he added.
Pascoe said the Family Court and Federal Court had been left to deal with a process that did not have appropriate legislation in place.
Most Australian states outlaw commercial surrogacy but some allow Australians to pay surrogate mothers to have their babies overseas.

BHEL bags Rs 7 800 cr contract for power projectYou are here: Home > Collections
BHEL bags Rs 7,800 cr contract for power project
PTI Oct 8, 2014, 05.53PM IST
Tags:
Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd
(Valued at around Rs 7,800 crore,…)
NEW DELHI: State-run Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd today bagged a Rs 7,800 crore contract for setting up a 1,320 MW thermal power project in Tamil Nadu.
Valued at around Rs 7,800 crore, it is an EPC contract (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) from Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd ( TANGEDCO ), Bhel said in a statement.
The order is for setting up a 2x660 MW coal-fired thermal power project at Ennore Special Economic Zone in Tamil Nadu.
The power plant will be constructed on a reclaimed ash pond, calling for specialised civil design, utilising an otherwise barren land.
Bhel's scope of work in the project includes design, engineering, manufacture, supply, construction, erection, testing and commissioning for the EPC Package.
The equipment for the contract will be manufactured at Bhel's Trichy, Haridwar, Bhopal, Ranipet , Hyderabad, Bangalore and Jhansi plants, while the company's Power Sector - Southern Region will be responsible for civil works and erection or commissioning of the equipment.
Bhel scrip closed at Rs 201.95, up 2.10 per cent, on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fed minutes show changing rate guidance debate heating upOct 09, 2014, 08.56 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Fed minutes show changing rate guidance debate heating up
"The concern was raised that the reference to 'considerable time' in the current forward guidance could be misunderstood as a commitment rather than as data dependent," said the minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 meeting, which were released on Wednesday.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Fed minutes show changing rate guidance debate heating up
"The concern was raised that the reference to 'considerable time' in the current forward guidance could be misunderstood as a commitment rather than as data dependent," said the minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 meeting, which were released on Wednesday.
Post your opinion here
 
The Federal Reserve's debate on its interest rate guidance heated up last month , with several officials showing concern about misleading investors and pushing for a more data-dependent approach, according to minutes from its last policy meeting.
But as the Fed grapples with how to communicate its view on hiking rates, the minutes also show concern about the rising dollar, slowing inflation, and economic turmoil in Europe and Asia, factors that support the US central bank's current of keeping policy accommodation in place for the near future.
"The concern was raised that the reference to 'considerable time' in the current forward guidance could be misunderstood as a commitment rather than as data dependent," said the minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 meeting, which were released on Wednesday.
The US dollar, which has risen in the last 12 weeks, trimmed gains from earlier on Wednesday. Yields on Treasury bonds dipped, while US stocks rose, suggesting investors read the minutes as dovish.
In its Sept. 17 statement, the Fed's policy-setting committee repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a "considerable time" after a bond-buying stimulus program ends, a pledge it has kept in place since March. The bond buying program is set to end this month.
The extent of the debate present in the minutes suggests the committee could move as soon as its upcoming meeting on Oct. 28-29 to change its description of when it may begin to lift rates. It has held benchmark overnight borrowing costs near zero since December 2008.
The minutes also showed signs of concern from a "couple" of meeting participants that the strengthening US dollar could hit parts of the economy and cause longer-term inflation expectations to move slightly lower.
In an unusual move, the Fed acknowledged its concern that the market seems to be expecting a slower pace of interest rate hikes than the US central bank itself is predicting.
"The probability that investors attach to such low interest rate scenarios could pull the expected path of the federal funds rate computed from market quotes below most Committee participants’ assessments ...," according to the minutes.
RELATED NEWS

Diesel prices likely to be cut by Rs 2.50 per litre after assembly pollsHi Guest
Diesel prices likely to be cut by Rs 2.50 per litre after assembly polls
PTI [ Updated 09 Oct 2014, 09:09:01 ] New Delhi: A Rs 2.50 per litre cut in diesel prices and a little less than Re 1 a litre on petrol is in offing as international oil rates fell to a 27-month low. Prices may be cut after Maharashtra and Haryana ...

Market to open in green: Way2WealthMarket to open in green: Way2Wealth
Strides Arcolab: Updates on outcome of AGMStrides Arcolab: Updates on outcome of AGM
Proprietary Trader & Technical Analyst Deen Dayal InvestmentsDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

It s Been 3 Weeks Since Anyone s Seen Kim And Rumors Are Swirlingreddit
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has not been seen in public in three weeks, prompting health rumors and even speculation about a national coup to swirl around the supreme leader.
Kim has been notably absent from multiple recent public events , including Thursday's Supreme People's Assembly, according to CNN. His last public appearance, as reported by state-run news agency KCNA, was a concert in early September.
"We expected to see him at the Supreme People's Assembly, because he had attended that session every time," Yoo Ho Yeol, a professor of North Korean studies at Korea University in Seoul, South Korea, explained to CNN. Yoo added that Kim's absence fueled speculation about possible health problems.
Rumors have been circulating about Kim's health since he was first seen limping back in July . The Guardian noted that the leader has gained weight since taking command in 2011, and may be suffering from gout or diabetes.
North Korea's state-run Central Television acknowledged last week that Kim was facing health problems, saying that the supreme leader was in an "uncomfortable physical condition."
A senior official in North Korea's ruling party reportedly dismissed some of the gossip surrounding Kim , however, while on a visit to South Korea. "There is nothing wrong with the health of Secretary Kim," Kim Yang-Gon said, South Korean Unification Minister Ryoo Kihl Jae told Agence France-Presse. The North Korean official was part of a delegation visiting South Korea for the Asian Games. Officials held the highest-level in-person talks between the two countries in five years . The move is an unusual one, considering the feuding history between the neighboring Asia-Pacific nations, and may signal easing tension in the region.
Rumors about Kim's absence haven't been confined to suspicion about his health. Some even went as far as to claim that the leader had been deposed from office by a mysterious surveillance group founded by his late father Kim Jong Il, who died in 2011.
The BBC News reports that amid Kim's absence, North Korean media outlets are working hard to keep their leader in the news. According to the outlet, residents are daily shown archival footage of Kim performing duties , accompanied by enthusiastic news commentary.
"Showing how Kim is working tirelessly for the people despite his poor health may be seen as a propaganda tool to emphasize Kim's dedication to the people," Ko Yoo hwan, a professor of North Korean studies at Dongguk University in Seoul, told CBS. "It could also be a way of showing off Kim's firm grip on power."
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

LOOK: This Crab Stood Up To A Very Large Alligator -- And Wonreddit
It's a good thing this crab wasn't out to lunch -- because it was about to become a meal for a sneaky alligator.
South Carolina resident Phil Lanoue photographed the moment the crab and the gator faced off in what could have been a battle to the death -- for the crab, anyway. But when it heard the giant reptile approaching from behind, Lanoue saw the wee crustacean wheel around and pinch the alligator on the snout . The crab then scuttled safely away, "leaving one tiny pincer raised above the mud as a sign of victory before disappearing completely," Caters News Agency wrote.
Lanoue, who was shooting in Huntington Beach State Park near Murrells Inlet when he captured the David-vs.-Goliath moment, told Caters that "the defeated alligator was severely annoyed and slowly slunk off back into the water."
See ya later, alligator.
More:

Syrian town poised to fall to militants  warns Turkish presidentSmoke rises after an airstrike in Kobani, Syria as fighting intensified between Syrian Kurds and the militants of Islamic State group, as seen from Mursitpinar in the outskirts of Suruc, at the Turkey-Syria border, Tuesday, Oct. 7, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Mursitpinar | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:30 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 10:02 am
Islamic State fighters were poised to capture a strategic Syrian town on the Turkish border, Turkey’s president warned Tuesday, even as Kurdish forces battled to expel the extremists from their footholds on the outskirts.
The outgunned Kurdish fighters struggling to defend Kobani got a small boost from a series of U.S.-led airstrikes against the militants that sent huge columns of black smoke into the sky. Limited coalition strikes have done little to blunt the Islamic State group’s three-week offensive, and its fighters have relentlessly shelled the town in preparation for a final assault.
Turkish riot police detain protesters as they use tear gas to disperse people who were protesting against Turkey’s policy in Syria as fighting intensified between Syrian Kurds and the militants of Islamic State group in Kobani, Syria, in Ankara, Turkey, Tuesday, Oct. 7, 2014. (Source: AP)
Warning that the aerial campaign alone was not enough to halt the Islamic State group’s advance, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan called for greater cooperation with the Syrian opposition, which is fighting both the extremists and forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar Assad.
READ: Kurds battle Islamist militants closing in on Syrian town 
“Kobani is about to fall,” Erdogan told Syrian refugees in the Turkish town of Gaziantep, near the border. “We asked for three things: One, for a no-fly zone to be created; Two, for a secure zone parallel to the region to be declared; and for the moderate opposition in Syria and Iraq to be trained and equipped.”
Erdogan’s comments did not signal a shift in Turkey’s position: He has said repeatedly that Ankara wants to see a more comprehensive strategy for Syria before it commits to military involvement in the U.S.-led coalition.
A Turkish forces armored vehicle patrols the border road in Mursitpinar, on the outskirts of Suruc, as fighting in nearby Kobani, Syria intensified between Syrian Kurds and militants of Islamic State group, at the Turkey-Syria border, Tuesday, Oct. 7, 2014. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab and its surrounding areas have been under attack since mid-September, with militants capturing dozens of continued…

1 killed  324 injured as strong earthquake shakes southwestern ChinaIn this photo released by China's Xinhua News Agency, villagers take refuge in the open air at Mangla Village of Yongping Township at Jinggu County of Pu'er City, southwest China's Yunnan Province Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Beijing | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:56 am | Updated: October 8, 2014 11:24 am
A strong, shallow earthquake shook southwestern China overnight, killing at least one person, damaging buildings and prompting thousands to camp outside as aftershocks continued to strike the area, officials said Wednesday.
The earthquake with a magnitude of at least 6.0 hit the Weiyuan city area of Yunnan province at 9:49 p.m. when most residents would have been in their homes. At least 324 people also were injured, eight of them seriously, the Yunnan provincial government said.
Chinese paramilitary policemen set up tents for quake victims on the grounds of a primary school in Yongping township of Jinggu county in southwest China’s Yunnan province, Wednesday Oct. 8, 2014. (Source: AP)
“The whole building was shaking terribly with a loud cracking sound. Plates fell off in the kitchen,” the official state Xinhua News Agency quoted Weiyuan resident Li Anqin as saying.
“We all ran out and the streets now are packed with people,” Li said.
The U.S. Geological Survey said the earthquake measured magnitude 6.0 at a depth of 10.1 kilometers (6.3 miles). Its shallow focus was likely to cause greater damage, but there were no immediate reports of serious destruction.
China’s national earthquake monitoring agency gave the quake’s magnitude as 6.6 and said it struck just 5 kilometers (3.1 miles) below the surface. It said the quake was followed by eight aftershocks, the strongest of which registered at magnitude 4.2.
In this photo released by China’s Xinhua News Agency, villagers check the damaged house at Mangla Village of Yongping Township at Jinggu County of Pu’er City, southwest China’s Yunnan Province Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014. (Source: AP)
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang ordered an “all-out effort” to rescue quake victims, ensure the delivery of food, water and other supplies, and fix disruptions to transportation and communications.
Worst hit was the town of Yongping, 5 kilometers (3 miles) from the epicenter, where some houses had collapsed, Xinhua said.
Yongping has a population of 54,000, while the surrounding county of Jinggu closest to the epicenter has a population continued…

WHO: More Cases Of Ebola In Europe UnavoidableMore Cases Of Ebola In Europe Unavoidable: WHO
Reuters
reddit
By Inmaculada Sanz and Kate Kelland
MADRID/LONDON, Oct 7 (Reuters) - The World Health Organization said on Tuesday that Europe would almost certainly see more cases of Ebola after a nurse in Spain became the first person known to have caught the virus outside Africa.
With concerns growing that the worst Ebola outbreak on record could spread beyond West Africa, where it has killed more than 3,400 people in three impoverished countries, Spanish officials tried to reassure the public that they were tackling the threat. Health experts said the chances were slim of a full-blown outbreak outside Africa.
Rafael Perez-Santamaria, head of the Carlos III Hospital in Madrid, where the infected nurse had treated two Spanish missionaries who had contracted the disease in West Africa, said medical staff were "revising our protocols." Four people including the nurse's husband were admitted to hospital for observation.
Even though western European hospitals, unlike most of those in the affected parts of Africa, have the facilities to isolate an infected patient, WHO European director Zsuzsanna Jakab said it was "quite unavoidable ... that such incidents will happen in the future because of the extensive travel from Europe to the affected countries and the other way around."
Nevertheless, she said that "the most important thing in our view is that Europe is still at low risk, and that the western part of the European region particularly is the best prepared in the world to respond to viral haemorrhagic fevers including Ebola."
Still, health authorities in the developed world are being forced to re-examine their alertness to a disease that has been raging through Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia since March, killing more than half of those it infects.
The Spanish nurse, Teresa Romero, had gone on holiday in Madrid after the second of her Ebola patients died on Sept. 25, but did not start feeling ill until Sept. 30. Her trade union said she had then asked three times to be tested for Ebola before the infection was finally confirmed on Oct. 6.
NURSES DEMONSTRATING
Dozens of doctors and nurses demonstrated outside La Paz Hospital in Madrid demanding more information about how Romero had caught Ebola, which is not airborne but transmitted through direct contact with the body fluids of a person who, experts say, must already be showing symptoms.
"Given that both the transmission methods and the methods of prevention are well known, it is clear that some mistake was made," the Madrid College of Doctors said in a statement.
The story of slow response was echoed in Dallas, Texas, where the first Ebola patient diagnosed on U.S. soil, Thomas Eric Duncan, was in critical condition.
Thomas is on a ventilator and a kidney dialysis machine to help stabilize him, the hospital said Tuesday.
Even though Duncan told a nurse he had flown from West Africa, the hospital initially sent him back to his apartment with antibiotics, only to have him return two days later in an ambulance.
Peter Piot, a professor at the London School of Tropical Medicine who was one of the discoverers of Ebola, said caring for its victims demanded draconian discipline, as the slightest mistake could be fatal.
"It should be a lesson for everybody that you can't overreact. You can't overprotect," he told a WHO science group teleconference.
But he also said such cases would remain rare, with careers most at risk: "There is a difference with what is going on in West Africa. It won't really give rise to outbreaks."
The European Center for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC), which monitors disease in the EU, said that, while there was a small risk of travelers bringing Ebola in without knowing it, the region's public health authorities "can efficiently detect and confirm cases of Ebola virus disease and thus prevent its onward spread."
While the White House said there were no plans for a travel ban, which could impede assistance to West Africa, U.S. authorities were developing new procedures to screen airline passengers.
U.S. Senator Chuck Schumer said on Tuesday the measures could include screening air travelers for fever when they arrive in the United States from the worst-hit countries on direct or indirect flights.
EXPERIMENTAL DRUGS
In contrast to the vast majority of African patients, some of those in Europe and the United States have been given experimental treatments for Ebola, which has no proven cure.
In Madrid, Romero has received antibodies from patients who survived Ebola. And Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas said Duncan had been given the experimental drug brincidofovir, developed by U.S.-based company Chimerix Inc for use against a respiratory virus but untested on Ebola patients.
American Ebola patient Ashoka Mukpo also was receiving brincidofovir, the Nebraska hospital where he was being treated said on Tuesday.
Spanish authorities said Romero's husband had so far shown no symptoms of Ebola. The others admitted were a health worker who had diarrhea but no fever, and a Spaniard who had traveled from Nigeria.
Twenty-two other people who had come into contact with the nurse were not isolated, but were having their temperature taken twice a day.
The Ebola epidemic has overwhelmed the health systems and battered the economies of Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia, which were showing signs of recovering from a decade of civil wars in the 1990s.
The U.N. Development Program noted that the price of rice was up 30 percent in Sierra Leone, while production had fallen by 10 percent in Guinea as fewer people were tending to crops.
The World Bank said that, if the response to the epidemic was not stepped up, transport, cross-border trade, supply chains and tourism across West Africa could be severely disrupted, costing the region as a whole tens of billions of dollars.
Fears of economic consequences were felt in Europe too, where travel and leisure shares fell an average 2.4 percent on the London exchange on news of the Spanish Ebola case.
(Additional reporting by Emma Pinedo and Sarah Morris in Madrid, Tom Miles in Geneva, David Lewis in Dakar, Marice Richter in Dallas and Doina Chiacu and Roberta Rampton in Washington; Writing by Kevin Liffey; Editing by Giles Elgood, Jim Loney and Grant McCool)
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Turkish President Says Syrian Town Under Islamic State Siege Is About To FallTurkish President Says Syrian Town Under Islamic State Siege Is About To Fall
Reuters
reddit
(Reuters) - Turkey's president said the Syrian Kurdish town of Kobani was "about to fall" as Islamic State fighters pressed home a three-week assault that has cost a reported 400 lives and forced thousands to flee their homes.
The prospect that the town could be captured by Islamic State, who are now within city limits, has increased pressure on Turkey to join an international coalition to fight against the jihadists.
Islamic State wants to take Kobani in order to strengthen its grip on the border area and consolidate the territorial gains it has made in Iraq and Syria in recent months. U.S.-led air strikes have so far failed to prevent its advance on Kobani.
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said bombing was not enough to defeat Islamic State and he set out Turkey's demands for additional measures before it could intervene.
"The problem of ISIS (Islamic State) ... cannot be solved via air bombardment. Right now ... Kobani is about to fall," he said during a visit to a camp for Syrian refugees.
"We had warned the West. We wanted three things. No-fly zone, a secure zone parallel to that, and the training of moderate Syrian rebels," he said.
He said Turkey would take action if there were threats to Turkish soldiers guarding a historic site in Syria that Ankara regards as its territory. But so far Turkey has made no move to get involved in the fighting across the border.
Further pressure came from France, which said it was vital to stop Islamic State's advance on Kobani, and was discussing with Turkey what could be done.
"A lot is at stake in Kobani and everything must be done so that the Daesh (Islamic State) terrorists are stopped and pushed back," Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius told parliament.
A Kurdish man looks across the Syrian town of Kobani from Suruc, Turkey, on Oct. 7, 2014. (ARIS MESSINIS/AFP/Getty Images)
But some analysts doubt the will exists among Western allies to take further action.
"It's the coalition of the unwilling, each country is doing the bare minimum, particularly in Syria," said Fadi Hakura at the London based think-tank, Chatham House.
From across the Turkish border, two Islamic State flags could be seen flying over the eastern side of Kobani.
Alleged Islamic State militants stand next to a black IS flag atop a hill in the eastern part of Kobani, on Oct. 7, 2014. (ARIS MESSINIS/AFP/Getty Images)
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said it had documented 412 deaths of civilians and fighters during the three-week battle for Kobani.
The U.S. military said it and allied air forces launched strikes on Islamic State in Syria on Monday and Tuesday. In the Kobani area the raids destroyed armed vehicles, a tank and a vehicle carrying anti-aircraft artillery.
On the ground, a burning tank, apparently belonging to Islamic State, could be seen on the western edge of town. There were also clashes on the northern fringe and mortar explosions could be heard to the northeast.
Islamic State fighters were using heavy weapons and shells to hit Kobani, senior Kurdish official Asya Abdullah told Reuters from inside the town.
AIR STRIKES
Islamic State, an al Qaeda offshoot, has ramped up its offensive in recent days against the mainly Kurdish border town, despite being targeted by U.S.-led coalition air strikes aimed at halting its progress.
"There were clashes overnight. Not heavy but ISIS is going forward from the southwest. They have crossed into Kobani and control some buildings in the city there," said Rami Abdulrahman, head of the Observatory, a group that monitors the conflict with a network on the ground. ISIS is a former name for Islamic State.
"They are about 50 metres inside the southwest of the city," Abdulrahman said.
An estimated 180,000 people have fled into Turkey from the Kobani region following the Islamic State advance. More than 2,000 Syrian Kurds including women and children were evacuated from the town after the latest fighting, a member of the Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD) said on Monday.
Kurdish people run away from tear gas as the Turkish army tries to remove them from the Turkish-Syrian border near Kobani in Turkey's Suruc, Oct. 7, 2014. (ARIS MESSINIS/AFP/Getty Images)
Before the offensive, Kobani, known as Ayn al-Arab in Arabic, was home to refugees from the civil war which pits rebels against President Bashar al-Assad and has deteriorated into hundreds of localised battles between different factions.
The most powerful of the myriad militias fighting against Assad, Islamic State has boosted its forces with foreign fighters and defectors from other rebel groups. It gained additional heavy weaponry after its fighters swept through northern Iraq in June, seizing arms from the fleeing Iraqi army.
The group released a video showing dozens of men said to be from Ahrar al-Sham, a rival Islamist group which has clashed with it in the past, pledging allegiance to its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the SITE monitoring service said on Monday.
Westerners have also fought for the Kurds against Islamic State. A man describing himself as a U.S. citizen and former soldier from Ohio said in a video interview with Reuters inside Syria that he had come to join Kurdish fighters.
Identifying himself as Brian Wilson, he said other Americans had come to Syria to fight Islamic State.
U.S. DEPLOYS APACHES
The United States has been bombing Islamic State positions in Iraq since August and extended the campaign to Syria in September. Arab states have joined both campaigns, while other Western countries are participating in Iraq but not Syria.
Two months into the U.S. campaign, the U.S. military has added a new weapon to its arsenal in Iraq, using Apache helicopters for the first time, U.S. officials said on Monday.
Turkey, a NATO member which shares a 900-kilometre (500-mile) border with Syria and has the most powerful military in the area, has so far refrained from joining the campaign, but the plight of Kobani has increased pressure to act.
Turkey says the scope of the campaign in Syria should be broadened to seek to remove Assad from power. It has sought a no-fly zone in northern Syria, which would require the coalition to take on Assad's air force as well as Islamic State, a move Washington has not agreed to.
Smoke rises from the southwest of Kobani following air strikes, as seen from the Turkish-Syrian border in the southeastern town of Suruc on Oct. 7, 2014. (ARIS MESSINIS/AFP/Getty Images)
PROTESTS IN TURKEY
More than 20 Turkish tanks were parked on a hillside in circular formation around 1 km (half a mile) from the border.
Groups of mainly men travelled towards the border area to witness the clashes and protest against inaction by Turkey to protect Kobani. "Long live the YPG resistance" chanted a group of 20 men on a truck on the road to the town.
Turkish police fired tear gas and water cannon at dozens of demonstrating youths in a field near the border.
Thousands across Turkey’s predominantly Kurdish southeast have taken to the streets protesting in solidarity for Kobani.
In Geneva, angry Kurds held a protest at the United Nations, while in Brussels they invaded the European Parliament. They waved flags bearing the portrait of jailed Kurdish Workers Party (PKK) leader Abdullah Ocalan.
The brother of British aid worker Alan Henning, who was beheaded by Islamic State, said Britain should put troops on the ground in the Middle East to fight against the militants.
Kidnappings are common in Syria's civil war, often used for ransom. Catholic news agency Fides quoted Bishop Georges Abou Khazen, the Apostolic Vicar of Aleppo, as saying a parish priest and around 20 Christians have been kidnapped from a Syrian village near the border with Turkey.
A Kurdish man looks across the Syrian town of Kobani from Suruc, Turkey, on Oct. 7, 2014. (ARIS MESSINIS/AFP/Getty Images)
(Additional reporting by Humeyra Pamuk, Jonny Hogg and Umit Bektas; Editing by Peter Graff and Giles Elgood)
Also on HuffPost:

Rupee trims initial losses  trading steady against dollarRupee trims initial losses, trading steady against dollar
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Oct 08, 2014 11:20 AM IST
The rupee trimmed its early losses to trade stable against the US currency at 61.43 per dollar on bouts of selling of the American unit from banks and exporters.
The rupee resumed lower at 61.46 per dollar as against yesterday's closing level of 61.43 per dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex).
It slid further to 61.48 per dollar on demand from importers and was quoting stable at 61.43 per dollar at 1020 hours.
It moved in a range of 61.48 and 61.42 per dollar during the morning deals.
Crude oil prices fell further in early Asian trade today on demand concerns after the International Monetary Fund (IMF) cut its global economic growth forecasts.
In New York market, the US dollar fell to three-week low against its major rival in early trade as dealers opted for safe-haven Japanese yen.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex was trading lower by 37.47 points, or 0.14%, to 26,234.50 at 1030 hours.

One-off online sales do not dilute brand valueArpita Mukherjee      Follow @arpitamukherjee    Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 11:54 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
As Flipkart sold products at throwaway prices on the heavily marketed "Big Billion Day Sale" on October 6, there is an increasing concern among brands that the constant and increasing discounting activities by e-commerce companies is impacting their brand value.
The prices at which Flipkart sold on the day despite being plagued with issues such as price changes, out-of-stock issues, cancellations and website problems, were still very low, prompting some brands to issue statements cautioning customers from online purchases. LG Electronics issued a statement saying it has not authorised any e-commerce company to sell its products. Earlier, issues were raised by brands such as Canon and Sony to curb the excessive discounting by e-commerce companies.
Despite the furore, Flipkart making use of the festive fervour and improving consumer sentiment claims to have sold $100 million in gross merchandise value in a span of 10 hours. Rival Snapdeal also claimed gross merchandise value of Rs 1 crore a minute, totalling to a similar value to its bigger Indian rival.
"These people have gone beyond their brief thinking it is a matter of a day and let us do it and by the time people react, we would have already sold Rs 600 crore," says Harminder Sahni of Wazir Advisors, adding that brands are not likely to take it lightly.
Harish Bijoor of Harish Bijoor Consults agrees. "It seems to be a gimmick by e-commerce player and everybody knows that these operators cannot be selling 10,000 of these phones. He must be selling five of those phones at the price and it is a part of marketing cost," he says.
On the same day, Amazon.in witnessed a 100 per cent rise in sales. "It was our biggest day ever and we believe it is owed to the introduction of Dhamaka deals every hour through the day and ensuring the availability of the deals advertised," said an Amazon India spokesperson.
While Bijoor says that the brands are over-reacting, with regular price wars, purchases become more about the online commerce companies, rather than the brands themselves. And rightly so, on the day of the heavily marketed "Big Billion Day" sale on October 6, the war became more about Flipkart and Snapdeal, and less about the brands that were sold.
Experts suggest that the brand value does get diminished in this case as e-commerce sites tend to brand themselves more than helping sell individual brands. But, this is true both for e-commerce as well as brick-and-mortar stores. "A Flipkart is all about Flipkart," says Bijoor.
Evident from the discount war waged by e-commerce retailers such as Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon, where people have bought products left, right and centre, one would not be thinking much about the brand, but the discount that they're receiving.
Flipkart said it sold about 2 million items, or 60 items per second, during the sale, which would also include one TV every second. It adds that it sold some 5 lakh mobile phones and another 5 lakh items in fashion. "So if you buy an LG phone, or a Samsung phone on Flipkart, you tend to say I bought from Flipkart. To that extent the brand identity of the individual item is diminished," says Bijoor, adding that this is a temporary slur and not a long standing one. Sahni agrees. "There is no way that the brand equity of any brand is going to get diluted because of this one-off discount."

Coal India Divestment Should Begin Post-Diwali: Finance Ministry OfficialFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Coal India Ltd's divestment process should begin immediately after the Diwali festival on October 23, Manoj Joshi, joint secretary of financial markets in the Finance Ministry, said on Wednesday.
The government wants to sell a 10 percent stake in the state-owned company this fiscal year ending March 31 as part of many divestments aimed at bolstering its stressed finances.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Plane Crashes While Fighting Yosemite WildfireAir Tanker Crashes While Fighting Yosemite Wildfire
Posted:
Updated:
10/08/2014 12:59 pm EDT
YOSEMITE NTL PARK, CA - SEPTEMBER 07:  The Meadow wildfire burns on September 7, 2014 in in Yosemite National Park, California. Almost  2,600 acres haved burned and trails in the area have been closed.  (Photo by Tiffany Rose/Getty Images) | Tiffany Rose via Getty Images
reddit
YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK, Calif. (AP) — California fire officials have grounded air tankers after one of the aircraft crashed while fighting a blaze in Yosemite National Park, killing the pilot.
State Department of Forestry and Fire Protection spokeswoman Alyssa Smith said Wednesday the agency normally does such a safety stand-down after a crash.
It was not clear how long the planes would be out of service.
The agency has about 22 S-2T air tankers. Smith said other aircraft are still available to assist with fires.
The crash on Tuesday killed a pilot whose name has not been released.
Smith said rescue crews plan to recover the body on Wednesday.
More:

Nifty rangebound; oil gas  banks  FMCG stocks leadOct 08, 2014, 02.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty rangebound; oil & gas, banks, FMCG stocks lead
Shares of TCS, Infosys, Sun Pharma, Wipro, Dr Reddy's Labs and Cipla topped the selling list, down 2-4 percent while L&T, ONGC, Tata Steel and BHEL gained more than 2 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty rangebound; oil & gas, banks, FMCG stocks lead
Shares of TCS, Infosys, Sun Pharma, Wipro, Dr Reddy's Labs and Cipla topped the selling list, down 2-4 percent while L&T, ONGC, Tata Steel and BHEL gained more than 2 percent.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
01:55pm Rupee Outlook
Nizam Idris, Managing Director, Head of Strategy- Fixed Income & Currencies at Macquarie Bank feels some capital outflows could pressure rupee in near-term, in turn strengthening USD in short-term.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18, he says that rupee may be seen in the range of 61-62/USD in medium-term.
However, given that fundamentals of India better placed than Russia and Brazil, Idris is confident of rupee outperforming against other emerging market currencies.
01:30pm Coal India divestment
Coal India divestment process should begin immediately after the Diwali festival on October 23, Manoj Joshi, joint secretary of financial markets in the Finance Ministry, said.
India's federal government wants to sell a 10 percent stake in the state-owned company this fiscal year ending March 31 as part of many divestments aimed at bolstering its stressed finances, reports Reuters.
01:00pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks remained directionless as technology and healthcare stocks were under pressure while capital goods, oil & gas, FMCG, power and banks supported the market.
The Sensex declined 11.48 points to 26260.49 and the Nifty fell 4.80 points to 7847.60. About 1241 shares have advanced while 1377 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Hans Goetti, Head of Investment - Asia, Banque Internationale À Luxembourg SA doesn’t see the recent softness as an indication that equities are at the start of a bear market. In fact, he recommends market participants to buy the asset class on dips. He sees India as a re-rating candidate in the medium-term.
Speaking about the steep decline seen in global Brent price, which recent hit a 27-month low and is now below USD 91/barrel, he said demand for crude is down on the back of weak macroeconomic trends.
Shares of TCS, Infosys, Sun Pharma, Wipro, Dr Reddy's Labs and Cipla topped the selling list, down 2-4 percent while L&T, ONGC, Tata Steel and BHEL gained more than 2 percent.
Reliance Industries, ICICI Bank, SBI, Axis Bank, ITC, Tata Motors and HUL advanced around a percent.
In the midcap space, Punj Lloyd, Jindal Saw, BF Utilities, Rashtriya Chemical and Rallis India climbed 4-6 percent whereas Natco Pharma, Hexaware Tech, Trinity Trade, Va Tech Wabag and Bhushan Steel lost 4-5 percent.
12:00
Nifty volatile; Infosys, Tech Mah crash on Citi downgrade
Infosys slipped over 4 percent and Tech Mahindra plunged over 5 percent after Citi downgraded Infosys to neutral and Tech Mahindra to sell. Mindtree dropped 3 percent as Citi downgraded the stock to sell. Wipro and TCS fell nearly 3 percent.

Aviation stocks jump on decline in crude oil pricesAviation stocks jump on decline in crude oil prices
See low revenue growth of 9-10% for India Inc in Q2: CrisilOct 08, 2014, 03.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
See low revenue growth of 9-10% for India Inc in Q2: Crisil
Rupee appreciation by around 3 percent in the September quarter may wipe out gains on the currency front, thus impacting export-oriented sectors, says Crisil.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See low revenue growth of 9-10% for India Inc in Q2: Crisil
Rupee appreciation by around 3 percent in the September quarter may wipe out gains on the currency front, thus impacting export-oriented sectors, says Crisil.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Just ahead of the earnings season, Crisil Research says India Inc's revenue growth will most likely decelerate in the second quarter of FY15 on the back of slower growth in export-oriented sectors and continued weak performance of investment-linked sectors.
In a press release issued on Wednesday, Crisil Research says India Inc may report revenue growth of 9-10 percent year-on-year (YoY) in the September quarter, against 13 percent growth reported in the June quarter.
The second quarter earnings season will be kickstarted by Infosys  on Friday.
Rupee appreciation by around 3 percent in the September quarter may wipe out gains on the currency front, thus impacting export-oriented sectors, says Crisil. Export-oriented sectors had been performing extremely well in the past 5 quarters, reporting strong y-o-y growth due to a slight rebound in demand in key markets and currency tailwinds.
This forecast is based on an analysis of 600 companies (excluding financial services and oil companies), representing 71 percent of the overall market capitalisation of India Inc.
Also Read: Upgrades exceeds downgrades, but credit woes remain: CRISIL
"Despite healthy volume growth, we project revenue growth of IT service providers to decline to an 8-quarter low of 12 percent. Similarly, revenue growth of the pharmaceutical sector is also forecast to fall to 14 percent from 16.3 percent in the preceding quarter. In the textile space, cotton spinners are likely to report 9 percent revenue decline on the back of lower export demand from China," says Mukesh Agarwal, President, Crisil Research.
It further expects investment-linked sectors such as construction and capital goods to continue to perform poorly on the back of poor pace of project execution.
However, it is not all gloom and doom. The automobile and steel sectors are expected to post 12-14 percent revenue growth, largely on the back of higher sales volumes and strong overseas performance of some companies; while FMCG companies are likely to grow by about 15 percent, propelled by increase in realisations and superior product mix.
The cement industry is forecast to buck the trend, with revenue growth touching 15-17 percent, driven largely by increase in realisations on a low base of last year, says Crisil Research.
On the profitability front, Crisil Research foresees a 50 basis points y-o-y jump in EBITDA margins. It expects steel and cement sectors to see 90 basis points and 180 bps improvement, respectively, on higher realisations. The IT services sector margins too is expected to improve by about 85 bps due to better employee utilisation, while surge in data revenues and cost control will drive a 110 bps expansion in EBITDA margins of telecom operators, says Crisil.
The automobile sector is expected to announce slightly grim margins, which are expected to contract by 30 y-o-y due to a decline in margins in two-wheelers and tractors. However, margins of commercial and passenger vehicle segments are likely to increase.
The much-in-news coal sector is likely to see a contraction in margins. "The diversion of coal from the e-auction route to the power sector, will translate to a contraction of 300-350 bps in the margins of the coal sector. Tighter operating norms coupled with lowered incentives are likely to hit the power sector’s margins by 120-150 bps," says Prasad Koparkar, Senior Director, CRISIL Research.
Infosys stock price
On November 24, 2014, Infosys closed at Rs 4273.90, up Rs 127.80, or 3.08 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 4280.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 2894.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 203.80 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 20.97. The latest book value of the company is Rs 733.03 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.83.
RELATED NEWS

EU Scraps Plan To Label Canada s Tar Sands As Highly PollutingEU Scraps Plan To Label Canada's Tar Sands As Highly Polluting
Reuters
Updated:
10/07/2014  4:59 pm EDT
The Syncrude Canada Ltd. base plant stands in this aerial photograph taken above the Athabasca Oil Sands near Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada, on Wednesday, June 19, 2014. Photographer: Ben Nelms/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
By Barbara Lewis and Scott Haggett
BRUSSELS/CALGARY, Oct 7 (Reuters) - A European Union plan to  label Canadian tar sands oil as highly polluting as part of its  fight against climate change has been abandoned after years of  opposition from Canada, clearing the way for exports of tar  sands crude to the European market.
A proposal published by the European Commission on Tuesday  removes what could have been an EU obstacle to shipments of the  crude and comes at a time when tensions between the EU and its  top oil supplier, Russia, are running high.
EU sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that  given the situation with Moscow, the desire for a trade deal  with Canada had been a factor in the commission's move to remove  the "dirty oil" tag.
Canada and the EU have been working on a trade deal for  several years. EU officials have said a final pact is expected  to be signed next year and become effective in 2016.
The commission also had been lobbied heavily by Canada and  Canadian allies such as the United Kingdom. Canada sees Europe  as a potential market for rising production from the tar sands  of northern Alberta, the world's third-largest crude reserve.
"It is no secret that our initial proposal could not go  through due to resistance faced in some member states," EU  Climate Commissioner Connie Hedegaard said in a statement
Instead of singling out Canadian oil sands crude as highly  polluting, the commission's new proposed fuel quality directive  (FQD) requires refiners to report an average emissions value of  the feedstock used in the products they produce. The proposal  confirms a draft seen by Reuters in June.
"We support the FQD's intent to reduce transportation  emissions, but believe it should be based on science and the  facts," Canadian Natural Resources Minister Greg Rickford said  in a statement on Tuesday.
Extracting tar-like bitumen from the oil sands requires  digging in open-pit mines or blasting with steam and pumping it  to the surface, meaning it uses more water and energy and emits  more carbon dioxide than conventional crude production.
Canada currently exports minimal amounts of tar sands crude  to Europe. TransCanada Corp, however, is proposing a  C$12 billion ($10.7 billion) Energy East pipeline that by 2018  would take 1.1 million barrels per day of Western Canadian crude  to Atlantic ports, from which it could be shipped to European  refineries.
Canadian oil companies have already taken tentative steps  toward accessing the European market. Last month, Suncor Energy  Inc, Canada's largest tar sands producer, shipped its  first ever tanker of Western Canadian crude to Europe from the  country's east coast.
The European market for heavy crudes from the oil sands  would not be large, analysts say, representing just 485,000  barrels per day in a refining market that processes about 10  million barrels daily. The heavy crude market is currently  supplied by Mexico and Venezuela.
"It's not a very big part of the market," said Jackie  Forrest, vice-president at ARC Financial Corp. "But there is a  market there that can accept heavy crudes and, when you think  about transportation distances ... it's pretty economic to ship  crude there compared with the Venezuelans and Mexicans."
The European Commission's revised plan still proposes a  method to assess the pollution levels of various fuel types over  their life cycles and the commission said it would propose  action if these were incompatible with climate goals.
"The commission is today giving this another push, to try  and ensure that in the future, there will be a methodology and  thus an incentive to choose less-polluting fuels over more  polluting ones like, for example, oil sands," Hedegaard said.
Environmental campaigners and green politicians criticized  what they saw as a step backwards. Greenpeace accused the  European Commission under outgoing President Jose Manuel Barroso  of putting trade deals ahead of the environment.
"This should be a lesson to (Commission President-elect  Jean-Claude) Juncker and his team. Public opposition will only  intensify if he allows trade deals to be used to undermine the  EU's environmental legislation," said Greenpeace EU energy and  transport policy director Franziska Achterberg.
Oil sands crude is produced by oil majors such as BP,  Royal Dutch Shell and ExxonMobil and production  from the region is expected to rise by nearly 70 percent to 3.2  million barrels per day by 2020, according to industry  forecasts.
In the context of the Ukraine crisis and concerns about  Europe's energy security, Canada had argued that Europe should  embrace it as a secure source of oil.
European refining lobby group FuelsEurope welcomed the new  proposal as "a simple and effective methodology" that would help  safeguard the sector's competitiveness.
EU member states will now debate the proposal under a  fast-track procedure meant to take less than two months. It will  also require a sign-off from the European Parliament.
($1=$1.12 Canadian)     (Additional reporting by Scott Haggett in Calgary; Editing by  Jason Neely, Jeffrey Hodgson and Peter Galloway)
Also on HuffPost:

Indian economy to see better growth momentumOct 08, 2014 at 07:03pm IST
Indian economy to see better growth momentum
8
0
London: The Indian economy is projected to see a pick up in growth momentum while most of the other major economies are anticipated to see stable prospects, Paris-based think tank OECD said on Wednesday.
Only India is anticipated to witness better growth momentum among the BRIC bloc whereas other member countries are expected to see "stable growth momentum".
The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) on Wednesday said that its indicators point towards a mixed outlook across major economies. The readings are based on Composite Leading Indicators (CLIs), that are designed to anticipate turning points in economic activity relative to trend, for the month of August.
Only India is anticipated to witness better growth momentum among the BRIC bloc whereas other member countries are expected to see "stable growth momentum".
#indian economy #oecd #bric #rbi
"India is the only major economy where the CLI points to a pick-up in growth momentum," OECD said in a statement. The country's CLI stood at 99 in August, higher than 98.8 recorded in July. Since April, when it stood at 98.5, India's CLI has been on the rise.
Last month, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) pegged Indian economy to grow 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal (2014-15) and accelerate to 6.3 per cent in 2015-16. India's growth was below 5 per cent in the last two financial year.
Earlier this week, the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank projected 5.6 per cent growth rate for India this year, citing renewed confidence in the market due to a series of economic reforms pursued by the new government.
Meanwhile, CLIs for the OECD area -- comprising 33 nations --  as well as for the US and Canada signal signal stable growth momentum. "In Europe, signs are emerging of a loss of growth momentum in the euro area, with stronger signals in the case of Germany and Italy, while in France and in the United Kingdom the outlook continues to point to stable growth," the statement said.
For Japan, the CLI points to a loss in growth momentum, even though it may "be related to one-off factors".
5

Cyclone Hudhud to hit Visakhapatnam on October 12  NDRF gears up for emergenciesOct 08, 2014 at  07:40pm IST
Cyclone Hudhud to hit Visakhapatnam on October 12, NDRF gears up for emergencies
35
0
New Delhi: Cyclone Hudhud is likely to make landfall in Andhra Pradesh's Visakhapatnam district by Sunday, October 12, the Indian Meteorological Department said on Wednesday.
"As per the current assessment, the cyclone will cross Visakhapatnam by October 12. It is likely to cross the east coast between Visakhapatnam and Gopalpur in the afternoon of the 12th," LS Rathore, Director General of the IMD, said.
He also said that the wind speed of Hudhud was much lower in comparison to the devastating Cyclone Phailin that hit the Odisha coast in October 2013, but the two cyclonic storms belonged to the same category.
#cyclone hudhud #hudhud #cyclonic storm #ndrf
"If we compare this system to Cyclone Phailin, then we can say that the wind speed is much lower. Cyclone Phailin had speeds going up to 200kph, but the category of both the systems are same," Rathore said.
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) has said it's preparations are on war-footing to deal with any emergency.
"We have deployed battalions in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh. We have sent teams to Visakhapatnam this morning," OP Singh, the Director General of the NDRF, said.
"We have also kept our forces in West Bengal on alert. We will also be activating our control rooms in the areas which are likely to be affected," he said.
The official said that the priority was to set up communications, which is often the first casualty of any natural disaster.
624

3D advertising app Blippar debuts in IndiaJharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

LoC firings: Bilawal Bhutto taunts Narendra Modi  says  Pak can retaliate  unlike your victims from Gujarat13
0
Islamabad: Days after he vowed that Pakistan will take back entire Kashmir, the country's 'Gen Next' politician Bilawal Bhutto Zardari on Wednesday attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying Pakistan can retaliate "unlike his victims from Gujarat".
Accusing India of adopting "Israel model" against Pakistan, the 26-year-old scion of the Bhutto family said on Twitter, "Another attack on LOC. seems India adopting Israel model vs Pakistan. Modi must realize we can retaliate unlike his victims from Gujarat."
He said this amid escalating tension between the two countries after ceasefire violations and heavy mortar shelling along the Line of Control that has claimed at least 12 lives on both sides.
Bilawal's comments came days after he had said that his Pakistan People's Party would get back entire Kashmir from India.
#bilawal bhutto #narendra modi #israel #india
Bilawal's comments came days after he had said that his Pakistan People's Party (PPP) would get back entire Kashmir from India.
"I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan," he had said, addressing the party workers in Multan region in Punjab on September 19.
Bilawal, who has announced plans to contest next general elections in 2018, heads the secular Pakistan People's Party which officially wants good ties with India.
His mother, former slain premier Benazir Bhutto, was twice elected as prime minister while his maternal grandfather Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, who founded the PPP in 1967, also served as prime minister in 1970s.
Another attack on LOC. seems India adopting Israle model vs Pakistan.Modi must realize we can retaliate unlike his victims from Gujarat.

Maharashtra polls: Police seize cash stashed in Ajit Pawar s vehicle16
0
Parbhani: Maharashtra Police have seized Rs.4.85 lakh from a car allegedly belonging to senior Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader and former state deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, an official said here Wednesday.
The police also seized some visiting cards and clothes of Pawar from the intercepted vehicle along with the cash stashed in two bags, Parbhani Superintendent of Police Anant Rokde told the media.
Pawar and his aides were not available for their comments in the matter, though top NCP officials maintained they were not aware of the incident.
No case was registered till late Wednesday night but Rokde said the matter has been referred to the state election department for action.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #ncp #ajit pawar
The driver of the vehicle has been identified as Krishna Hazare, who informed the police that the clothes belong to Pawar and an aide.
While one bag in the vehicle, proceeding to Latur from Parbhani when it was intercepted at Gangakhed, had Rs.400,000 in cash, clothes and visiting cards of Pawar, another bag contained personal items of an aide and Rs.85,000 in cash.
No case was registered till late Wednesday night but Rokde said the matter has been referred to the state election department for action.
Police have seized more than Rs.5 crore in cash in seven incidents across the state so far. The money was allegedly intended to be used to influence voters in the Oct 15 assembly elections.
144

Out of Yahoo! into waiting arms of start-ups  e-commerce firmsOut of Yahoo! into waiting arms of start-ups, e-commerce firms
Priyanka Pani
Tweet
Mumbai, October 8:  
At a time when Yahoo! and Nokia are cutting jobs in India, several start-ups, e-commerce firms and mid-size companies are eager to acquire their talent. Among those interested are Olacabs, Wingify, PropTiger, Commonfloor.com, and AOL.
“With the way India’s product landscape is shaping up, this could be an opportunity for engineers and product people to join the Make-In-India movement,” said Sparsh Gupta, Partner and CTO at Delhi-based software start-up Wingify.
If the 1990s saw India emerging as a global IT services leader, 2010 will be seen as the year that marked the country’s rise as a global IT products leader, he added.
Wingify looks to hire across engineering, product management, engineering management and user experience, Gupta said, adding the company would offer better-than-market salaries and relocation assistance.
He, however, did not specify the number of personnel the company would recruit. Another start-up, Olacabs, is ready to recruit at least 100 immediately. “We are currently hiring mid-to-senior talent for our technology team,” said Anand Subramanian, Director (Marketing and Communication) at the Bangalore-based radio taxi operator.
Yahoo! India on Tuesday said it plans to cut as many as 400 jobs in its Bangalore facility, which is one of the biggest engineering hubs in the world.
Same time, handset maker Nokia said it would suspend operations at its Chennai plant, which employs nearly 1,000 people, from November 1.
“This presents a great opportunity for the start-up ecosystem in two distinct ways. Every start-up worth its mettle is investing in technology and will be keen to hire the great talent coming out of Yahoo,” said Prashan Aggarwal, Co-Founder of real estate portal PropTiger.com.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related
Yahoo to replace Google as default search engine on Firefox in US
TOPICS

Big potential for increased trade with India  says Austrian envoyBig potential for increased trade with India, says Austrian envoy
Our Bureau
Opportunities in public infrastructure, transport and energy
Mumbai, October 8:  
Austrian Ambassador to India Bernhard Wrabetz thinks the potential to strengthen economic ties between India and Austria is endless.
Though trade relations between Austria and India are strong, and trade volumes peaked at €1.4 billion in 2011, Austrian exports to India fell dramatically in 2012.
Trade recovered in 2013, and Wrabetz is optimistic that economic relations between the countries will get a fillip this year. Adding that the focus should be on economic relations, Wrabetz said: “We see a lot of opportunities here, especially in public infrastructure, transport, energy, and waste management, where Austria has developed technologies for specific situations that are fully applicable in India.
”Cross-border trade accounts for €6 in every €10 generated in Austria, making foreign trade its primary source of wealth creation. Having arrived in the Maximum City to announce the upcoming Austrian Cultural Week to be held in Mumbai between October 24 and November 2, Wrabetz said: “The time is right for Austria and India not only to explore the huge potential that exists between the two countries, but also implement it,” he said, adding that despite more than 40 Austrian companies being located in Mumbai and across India, there was room for many more to enhance trade.
Destination of choice
“Mumbai is the financial and economical hub of India and it has been so for many decades. The proof of this is a lot of Austrian companies have chosen to have Mumbai, and Maharashtra, as their first destination in India. We hope to build on that strong foundation,” added the Ambassador.
The Austrian Cultural Week will showcase “Austria’s cultural, economic and intellectual splendour,” Wrabetz said. From a traditional Viennese Ball, and an Austrian food and film festival, the highlight of the week will be a concert by the Salzburg Chamber Youth Orchestra.
The Honorary Vice-Consul of Austria and CEO of the Jasubhai Group, Maulik Jasubhai said: “The Viennese Ball would be a perfect opportunity for business networking at the highest levels. Mumbai witnessed the last Viennese Ball in 2009.”
Wolfram Moritz, the Austrian Trade Commissioner, touched upon Austrian corporates in India. “We have more that 130 Austrian companies established in India. All the big names are here,” he said.
Speaking about Indian ventures in Austria, he pointed out how Bajaj had bought motorcycle-maker KTM.
“The Cafe Coffee Day chain has also been established in Austria. Austrian hotels are being acquired by Indian companies as well. Wabag Hotels, an Austrian hospitality group, had a subsidiary in India, which then took over the parent company. They both exist, and each brings key components from Austria and India. This is an example of how things can develop between the two nations,” he said.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Guard yourself against Shellshock  say Internet security expertsGuard yourself against ‘Shellshock’, say Internet security experts
Our Bureau
eScan launches online tool to combat vulnerability
Hyderabad, October 8:  
Hackers are never tired in inventing new viruses and tricks to gain access to your data. The latest one ‘Shellshock’ is going to cause immense losses, if you are not vigilant enough, warn security experts.
Though the experts have not noticed major intrusions in India, they said it is time we take pre-emptive measures to keep the spread of the attacks.
“As of now we haven’t noticed any attacks on Indian infrastructure, however we do expect attacks to rise in next few week,” Govind Rammurthy, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of eScan, has said in an email response. “All the Unix-based operating systems such as Linux and Mac OS X are likely to be affected with the Bash Shellshock vulnerability,” he said.
The anti-virus solutions firm has launched an online tool to identify servers affected by the latest vulnerability.
First identified in September, the bug lets the hacker remotely execute malicious code to break into the computers.
Internet security solutions company Symantec asked the computer users to adopt sandboxing and process access control as another layer of security.
“The restricted sandbox ensure even trusted programs perform required functions, therefore blocking any potential harm that an unknown program could cause,” the company said in an advisory on the Shellshock threat.
It also asked the organisations to implement file and system tamper prevention allowing the system administrator to customise and lock down configurations, settings and files.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Lost your Yahoo! job So whatLost your Yahoo! job So what
IMF revises Indias 2014 GDP growth projection upwards to 5.6 pctE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Google to surpass $1 bn in revenue from Indi...Google on its way to surpass $1 billion in revenue from India in FY15
By Jayadevan PK , ET Bureau | 9 Oct, 2014, 04.31AM IST
0
Share More
Google crossed Rs 3,000 crore in revenue for the year ending March 2014, up 47% from the year before. Globally, the Google’s revenue in 2013 was $58 billion.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: In the great Indian ecommerce race, the real winner is a company which isn't even on the race track — Google, the US-based search giant. The California-based company, sources said, is on its way to clocking over $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) in revenue from India in the year to March 2015, helped along by heavy spending by ecommerce firms.
According to company filings, Google crossed Rs 3,000 crore in revenue for the year ending March 2014, up 47% from the year before. Globally, the Google's revenue in 2013 was $58 billion.
"Marketing budgets have gone through the roof. It's highly competitive these days and whoever pays the most for a keyword wins the race," said Vasudevan T, a former head of digital marketing at Myntra who is now the CEO of online coaching company Coatom.
For companies like Google, Facebook and Twitter, India has been a paradox. While their largest user base outside of the United States lives in India, making money in the market has been tough. However, with cashrich ecommerce companies like Flipkart and Amazon looking to acquire more customers, online advertising has seen a significant increase.
"There will be a surge in the digital ad spends by these companies, and we are already seeing this," said Nilotpal Chakravarti, who heads media and research at the Internet and Mobile Association of India. Ecommerce companies are already one of the top spenders in the digital advertising market. Of the total digital advertising spend, nearly 18% came from ecommerce, according to IAMAI.
"When I saw our online spends the first time, I almost fell off my chair," said Ruksh Chatterji, who ran the apparel business for Jabong until February 2014. "Google is a large player in display and search engine marketing that are the key pillars of ecommerce advertising," said Chatterji, who is now vice president of India Operations at digital media network Komli Media.
For ecommerce companies, search is the biggest marketing channel along with social media. Typically, online businesses spend close to 25% of their topline on marketing. However, in the case of ecommerce, it could go up to 50%, said Vasudevan. Google, which considers India as one of its fastest-growing markets, is also making large investments to the country. Recently, under an ambitious Android One initiative, Google brought local manufacturers together to bring down cost of mobile phones. Google declined to comment on its revenue from India.
While revenue is growing, Google is also entangled in tax disputes. The company booked at total of Rs 311 crore as "income tax paid under protest" for assessment years 2007-13 as it continues to litigate tax claims made by Indian authorities.

Twelve stocks in focus in Thursday morning tradeTwelve stocks in focus in Thursday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Thursday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets and SGX Nifty.
Tracking weak global markets, benchmark indices remained sideways throughout the trading session on Wednesday and closed flat in the end.
"More than anything, excessive volatility is tolling heavily to the participants especially the day traders. We believe this scenario would continue as we have several events and data lined up in the coming days," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"Also, the beginning of earning season would further add to volatility. In total, it's essential for participants to have a clear money management plan to avoid unwarranted loss in such market conditions," he added.
Manglik is of the view that Nifty bias remain on the index and expect it to test 7700 shortly.
Here is a list of twelve stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
ITC, L&T, ICICI Bank: India plans to raise around 50 billion rupees ($813.4 million) this fiscal year by selling stakes in companies including ITC, Larsen & Toubro and Axis Bank , a senior official with knowledge of policymakers' discussions said on Wednesday.
BHEL: State-run Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd bagged a Rs 7,800 crore contract for setting up a 1,320 MW thermal power project in Tamil Nadu. Valued at around Rs 7,800 crore, it is an EPC contract (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) from Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd.
Zensar Technologies Ltd: Mid-sized software solutions firm Zensar Technologies said it has signed a multi-million dollar deal with a leading UK-based high street retailer.
Future Lifestyle Fashion Ltd: Future Lifestyle Fashions (FLFL) today said its board has approved issue of equity shares as well as compulsory convertible debentures (CCDs) on preferential basis to raise nearly Rs 175 crore.
BEML: BEML Limited today said it has bagged an order worth Rs 570 crore from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation for the supply of 70 cars.
DCB Bank Ltd: DCB Bank has set issue price for its qualified institutional placement (QIP) at Rs 82.15 per equity share, a discount of 4.9 per cent, to raise funds.
BOSCH Ltd: The workers' strike at Bosch's Bangalore plant over wage revision is set to continue into its fourth week as conciliatory meetings between the management and the union have so far been unable to break the deadlock, said media reports.
Viceroy Hotels Ltd : Hyderabad based Viceroy Hotels is looking to sell its entire 40% stake in the upcoming Renaissance Hotel in Bangalore for around Rs 100 crore as it struggles to fund the project, a person familiar with the development said.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: The consumer affairs ministry is considering legal action against Maruti Suzuki for taking orders for its new mid-size sedan Ciaz even before publicly displaying the car or revealing its technical specifications or price.
Kesoram Industries Ltd: BK Birla's Kesoram Industries has embarked upon a massive restructuring exercise which will pave the way for the inventual takeover of the company by Kumar Mangalam Birla.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uddhav: Is BJP firm on Hindutvanational politics
With the Bharatiya Janata Party invoking Chhatrapati Shivaji to wean away the Marathi chauvinist vote-bank from the Shiv Sena, the Sena pramukh Uddhav Thackeray is making a pitch for the Hindutva votes in Maharashtra. “If Hindu votes converge, then the Shiv Sena will get a full mandate,” he told The Hindu in an interview.
Accusing the BJP of moving away from its core principles, Mr. Thackeray wanted his former ally to explain why it was diluting its Hindutva ideology. “We are firm on Hindutva, but is the BJP firm on that? Even the colour of their Lotus symbol has changed from saffron to white. They should explain why,” he said in an apparent reference to BJP leaders wearing pins with a white lotus on their shirts during the campaign.
The Sena chief denied he had joined hands with his estranged cousin Raj Thackeray, who heads the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, to launch an orchestrated campaign against the BJP for the Maharashtra polls. “It is not just the two of us. All parties are targeting the BJP. We have already exposed the scams of the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party government during the Lok Sabha polls. They are history. Now wherever I go, people want to know why the BJP betrayed us.”
He dismissed Mr Modi’s claims that the BJP would not divide Maharashtra. “Creating smaller States is the BJP’s agenda. They have always said this and it is an open agenda.”
'BJP out to destroy smaller parties'
Mr. Thackeray accused the BJP of trying to finish off smaller parties. “See what they did to Kuldeep Bishnoi after promising him the Chief Minister’s post," he said.
Asked if a post-poll alliance with the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), led by his estranged cousin Raj Thackeray, was a possibility, Mr. Thackeray said: “I do not see the necessity.” Although Raj Thackeray recently said the cousins could come together for the sake of Maharashtra, Uddhav Thackeray took a clear stand against the MNS. “Hindus and Marathi people should not be misled. The splitting of votes must be avoided. People should vote for the Shiv Sena to keep the State united, otherwise the BJP will end up breaking it into pieces.”
The BJP, he said, would face a backlash from the voters this election. “If they have betrayed a 25-year-old ally, people will wonder how they will fulfil their promises to them.” Yet, Mr. Thackeray made it clear he would continue to retain his party’s Union Cabinet post in the NDA.
“With 18 MPs, we had a share in the NDA’s victory. Why should we sacrifice the post?” Besides sharing power in the BJP-led NDA, the former allies also run several municipalities together including the Mumbai civic body.

Uber liable for service tax | Flipkart flash sale: CEOs apologising rareTax authorities say Uber liable for service tax, seek information from India subsidiary
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 08.14AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(“All payments on the Uber…)
NEW DELHI: Uber, the taxi app that became popular in India by offering luxury car rides for a little more than the regular fare, could run into trouble with India's service tax authorities in the first such inquiry against a foreign service provider in the ecommerce space. This comes shortly after the company was recently forced to fall in line by the Reserve Bank of India , which insisted that it couldn't sidestep credit card security norms.
"We believe the company is liable for service tax since it is delivering a taxable service," a service tax department official in Mumbai who's aware of the development told ET. "We have sought details from Uber's Indian arm." Service tax authorities have sought information from Uber's India subsidiary, which provides systems support to the company, over non-payment of the levy.
The company said it was in compliance with local laws and paid taxes in all countries in which it was present. "Uber complies with all applicable tax laws, and pays the relevant tax in every territory it operates in," a company spokesperson said in an email. "Across 10 cities in India, Uber employs many local employees, in addition to empowering thousands of driver partners to become small business owners, earning a good living through the Uber platform."
Uber BV has no India office
"All payments on the Uber system are cashless and fully traceable in an industry that has been notoriously cashbased for years," the spokesperson addded.
In India, all services attract tax at the rate of 12% unless it's included in a negative list or specifically exempted by the government. Taxi services are not in the list and are therefore liable to pay.
Uber users register their credit card details with the company, which uses that to charge for rides. Cab drivers and owners enter into tie-ups with Uber, for which the company charges a 20% commission. The company has an Indian entity — Uber India Systems Pvt Ltd -- but it operates in the country through Netherlandsbased Uber BV . Service tax authorities say it's the first time they are dealing with a case in which an overseas mobile application is providing services used by Indians.
Uber doesn't have an India office or a representative in the country, which makes the task of tax authorities difficult, they said. "We have recorded a statement of officials from the Indian entity," said the official. Though the investigation is currently restricted to Mumbai, the department is looking to expand this to places where the company has a presence. Rival cab service providers pay service tax and thus tax authorities do not see any reason for Uber not to do so. Service tax is liable only on revenue above Rs 10 lakh and an individual cab driver may not attract tax if turnover is lower than the threshold. But in the case of Uber, the tax authorities are going to take into account combined turnover.
Globally, the taxation of e-commerce companies is under intense focus as they overturn traditional models of doing business. The OECD and the G20 have begun discussions on how countries should tackle taxation in the e-commerce space that poses fresh challenges to tax authorities as companies avoid tax by operating through multiple jurisdictions.
The US company gained customers after it offered high-end cars such as Audis and BMWs to users. Rides are paid for by card without the need for two-factor authentication, which requires users to key in a PIN.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why Micromax & Karbonn won t  Make in India ...Micromax & Karbonn not enthused about local manufacturing under Narendra Modi’s ‘Make in India’ project
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 10.14AM IST
Tags:
Karbonn
(Nidec, a Japanese manufacturer…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pet 'Make in India' project has so far attracted Rs 2,000 crore of investment proposals, but none from homegrown mobile handset companies who get their products manufactured in China.
"Most of the investment (proposals) are across automotive engineering and other electronic products" under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (M-SIPS), a senior government official told ET. The programme seeks to promote large-scale manufacturing and attract domestic and global investments in the electronics manufacturing segment.
Nidec, a Japanese manufacturer of electric motors, is one such company that has recently made a proposal, this official said. He declined to provide other names.
Indian smartphone vendors such as Micromax and Karbonn are not enthused about local manufacturing, as they feel setting up facilities in the country without the entire ecosystem - such as supply of components - being available to them will harm their price competitiveness.
Meanwhile, the government is planning to tweak the special package scheme to further boost investment.
"One very strong feedback received was that the special incentives were released very late and this was hampering business," another government official said.
The government is planning to reduce the time span within which financial support is provided to investors.
"For instance, currently, under M-SIPS, the government releases the 25% it contributes towards a project after two years of the concerned company's investment," the second official said. The government is looking at releasing its support in shorter intervals of time.
The government is also considering extending the benefits of MSIPS for five more years and add more items for grant of incentives to meet the government target of bringing net imports to zero by 2020.
In a Cabinet note drafted by the Ministry of Communications and IT, reviewed by ET, the applicability for M-SIPS should be extended to 2020, from the earlier deadline of July 2015. The programme, first approved in 2012, provides for reimbursement of central taxes for select, technologyand capital-intensive products like chip manufacturing.
For other electronics manufacturing projects, it provides a subsidy of 20% on capital investment made in special economic zone and 25% in non-SEZ areas.
The proposal now is to include LED, solar cells, smart cards, nano-electronic components and many more for reimbursement of central taxes. There are also demands to cover consumer appliances like fully automatic washing machines, air conditioners, microwave ovens, refrigerators, multi-functional electronic devices, Internet of Things products and capital equipment for electronic manufacturing under the 20-25% subsidy scheme.
The government is planning to reduce the minimum investment limit to qualify for the programme by up to 90% to Rs 10 crore, from Rs 100 crore.
However, smartphone vendors say these government steps alone won't make them consider local manufacturing. "It will take much more than just monetary support to set up a base in the country," a senior executive of a smartphone vendor told ET.
"Nothing is yet available to us here. In China, while designing a phone, for each component we can chose from several options. The cells, cameras, plastic and the metallic body to name a few." Modi recently launched the Make in India campaign to make India a manufacturing hub to help boost jobs and growth.
India imports electronics goods worth $100 billion a year. This bill is expected to cross $400 billion by 2020 unless India starts manufacturing locally.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex jumps over 200 points in early tradeSensex vaults 390 points on global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
Snapping its three-session losing streak, the benchmark BSE Sensex staged a strong comeback by rising 400 points today on fresh spells of buying by foreign funds and investors amid positive global cues.
Expectation of a recovery in EBITDA margins of companies ahead of Q2FY15 earnings season and global cues saw the NIfty and the Sensex open in the green. The Nifty opened 44 points up at 7,887 while the Sensex opened 147 points up at 26,394.
Besides, appreciating rupee which strengthened to 60.90 against the dollar and easing global crude prices that have hit two-year low, buoyed sentiments.
The 30-share barometer had lost over 383 points in the previous three sessions.
The Sensex zoomed 390 points or 1.49 per cent to end at 26,637 while the NSE Nifty jumped 118 points or 1.5 per cent to 7,960.
All sectoral indices were in the green led by capital goods, realty and banks with gains of up to 3 per cent. Volatility was down 6.78 per cent with the India Vix quoting at 13.15.
BHEL (+8.3%), Hindalco (+6%), SBI (+2.84%), HDFC (2.68%) and ICICI Bank (+2.64%) were the top gainers in the Sensex 30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better, tracking rebound on other Asian markets in response to minutes from the US Federal Reserve indicating that policymakers are wary about raising interest rates sooner than later.
Global markets
World stock markets roared their approval on Thursday of reassurances the US Federal Reserve will not rush into raising interest rates, with risk appetite flooding back into almost every asset class. The dollar jolted lower, while oil and commodity prices rose.
Bond yields in large parts of Europe, which have plunged during years of cheap funding from the Fed and the world's other major central banks, hit new record lows.
Minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 meeting published late on Wednesday showed officials were wary about the dual threats of a stronger dollar and recent wobbles in the world economy as they seek an eventual exit from record low rates.
There were big gains on Wall Street and for Asia stocks, and European shares duly followed suit as Britain's FTSE 100 , Germany's DAX and France's CAC 40 rose 0.7, 1.2 and 0.8 per cent respectively in early trading.
"It (the Fed's message) has stabilised risk appetite and it was well needed following the macro economic disappointments we have had recently," said Hans Peterson, global head of asset allocation at SEB investment management.
"It is a burning issue, the pace of U.S. interest rate rises. They will tighten of course, but it will probably be very slow."
Even news that German exports slumped 5.8 per cent in August -- their biggest fall since the height of the financial crisis in January 2009, and yet another sign that Europe's largest economy is faltering -- failed to dampen the mood.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan , which touched its lowest level since March in the previous session, was up about 1.2 per cent in late trade.
Japan's Nikkei share average skidded 0.8 per cent, however, as the yen rose against the weakened dollar.
Gold, which also tends to benefit from loose monetary policy, climbed to its highest in about two weeks, with spot gold rising about 0.4 per cent to $1,226.40 an ounce. The Fed was not the only central bank in action though. The British pound stood at $1.6165, steady on the day and holding above an 11-month low of $1.5943 on Monday, ahead of the Bank of England's policy announcement later in the session. The bank is expected to keep rates steady near record lows.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

India industrial output likely rose 2.4% inAugustData last week showed output in eight core industries, which account for more than a third of overall factory production, rose 5.8 percent in August on a year earlier. (Reuters)
Reuters | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 9:44 am
Indian industrial output probably bounced in August from a four-month low, driven by solid growth in core industries, although a broader economic recovery is likely still some distance away, a Reuters poll found.
Production at factories, mines and utilities likely rose an annual 2.4 percent in August, up from July’s 0.5 percent rise, according to the survey of 26 economists. The government will release the output data on Friday.
The consensus reflects optimism about higher production in the electricity, cement, coal and steel industries.
Data last week showed output in eight core industries, which account for more than a third of overall factory production, rose 5.8 percent in August on a year earlier, up from 2.7 percent in July.
But manufacturing output has more catching up to do. Growth there is well below the near 10 percent peak in late 2009 and 2011 – in part due to stubbornly-high inflation and borrowing costs which have led to weak investment and demand.
“The more important point really is that even if it (factory output) shows a slight pickup…it is still extremely weak and shows a lot more work still needs to done,” said Shilan Shah, economist at Capital Economics.
Private surveys are telling a similar story. Factory activity expanded at its weakest pace in nine months in September as growth in new orders slowed, according to HSBC’s PMI survey of businesses.
“PMIs in the last couple of months have…fallen back and although the relationship isn’t exactly one-to-one, (they) suggest that IP is going to remain very weak,” Shah added.
The afterglow of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s election victory in May helped India’s lumbering economy register its fastest growth in two-and-a-half years for the quarter ending in June.
But Modi is yet to launch big-bang reforms needed to propel the economy back to a near double-digit annual growth and bring down stubbornly high inflation. Soaring prices of essential food items have squeezed India’s consumers and in turn, has hurt capital investment.
 

Liberian Ebola patient dies in Texas; 5 US airports to screen forfeverThis 2011 file photo provided by Wilmot Chayee shows Thomas Eric Duncan at a wedding in Ghana. Duncan became the first patient diagnosed in the U.S with Ebola. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Dallas | Posted: October 9, 2014 9:35 am
The first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States died on Wednesday, underscoring questions about the quality of care he received, and the government ordered five airports to start screening passengers from West Africa for fever.
Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan died in an isolation ward of a Dallas hospital, 11 days after being admitted on September 28.
The case has stirred attention and concern that someone with Ebola had been able to fly into the United States from Liberia, raising the specter more passengers could arrive and spread the disease outside of West Africa, where nearly 4,000 people have died in three impoverished countries.
The White House said extra screening for fever will be carried out for arriving passengers from West Africa. The screening will start at New York’s John F. Kennedy airport from the weekend, and later be used at Newark Liberty, Washington Dulles, Chicago O’Hare and Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta.
Duncan’s death prompted questions about the timeliness of his care. The patient initially sought treatment two days before being admitted, but was sent home with antibiotics.
Hazardous material cleaners disinfectant their personal protective equipment after working in the apartment where Thomas Eric Duncan, the Ebola patient who traveled from Liberia to Dallas. (Source: AP)
“I trust a thorough examination will take place regarding all aspects of his care,” Duncan’s fiancée, Louise Troh, wrote in a statement. Troh, in quarantine, added, “I am now dealing with the sorrow and anger that his son was not able to see him before he died.”
Dr. Craig Smith, medical director for infectious disease at University Hospital in Augusta, Georgia said Ebola, like any disease, was easier to beat the sooner it was treated.
“I’m not surprised he unfortunately passed away,” Smith said. “I think two days would have made a big difference.”
Duncan had been in critical condition and on a ventilator and kidney dialysis at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital. He was given an experimental medication to try to keep him alive, starting Saturday, six days after being admitted.
But Ebola experts also asked why Duncan received the experimental drug brincidofovir, made by Chimerix Inc, which has not been tested on humans or animals, rather than Tekmira Pharmaceuticals drug TKM-Ebola, which has been tested on humans. TKM-Ebola was given to another US patient, Dr. Rick Sancra, who contracted Ebola while working in Liberia and was cured.
“We know Dr. Sacra was pretty damn sick when he began treatment,” said virologist Thomas Geisbert of the University of Texas Medical Branch, who has done pioneering work on Ebola treatments. It “potentially saved him.”
NO SYMPTOMS

India among top 5 financial contributors to EbolaresponseThe world's largest outbreak of Ebola has killed 3,865 people out of 8,033 infected so far this year, according to the WHO's latest count.
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: October 9, 2014 9:23 am | Updated: October 9, 2014 12:01 pm
India is among the top five contributors to the UN Ebola response with a contribution of USD 12.5 million, according to a fact sheet released by US Secretary of State John Kerry.
The US with USD 113.8 million tops the list to the UN Ebola response. It is followed by the European Union (USD 55.5 million), Canada (USD 31.9 million), Netherlands (21 million) and India with USD 12.5 million.
At a joint news conference with British counterpart Philip Hammond, Kerry lamented that many nations have contributed to this global effort to fight the deadly disease.
The UN has identified USD1 billion in urgent needs, he said. “The World Bank has put in 22 per cent. The USA has put in 11 per cent. Private sector, 10 per cent,” he said.
The fact sheet presented by him showed that India has contributed a little over one percent, to this. “The fact is more countries can and must step up in order to make their contributions felt, and this chart tells the story. Those are not enough countries to make the difference to be able to deal with this crisis,” he said in his presentation.
The UN, he said, is falling short of USD300 million. Experts say Ebola is transmitted by close contact with the bodily fluids of a person who is showing symptoms of infection such as fever, aches, vomiting and diarrhea, or who has recently died of the hemorrhagic virus.
The world’s largest outbreak of Ebola has killed 3,865 people out of 8,033 infected so far this year, according to the WHO’s latest count.

Railways invites private players to sell tic...Railways invites private players to sell tickets of both reserved and unreserved category
By Mahendra K Singh, TNN | 9 Oct, 2014, 08.52AM IST
0
Share More
The unions argue that in the past also, outsourcing of such activities to private parties has resulted in lots of discrepancies, frauds and public complaints. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Railways has invited private players to sell tickets of both reserved and unreserved category, inviting ire of employee unions.
The unions are crying foul and opposing the move as it has come after the new dispensation decided to outsource cleaning of 50 major stations and decided to deploy 'Gate Mitras' (counselors) hired by private agencies at unmanned level crossings instead of posting trackmen.
The unions have termed these moves as "back-door" privatization of railway operations.
The stiff resistance came after the Railway Board's directive to allow public-private partnership in the establishment and operation of computerized Passenger Reservation System (PRS)-cum-Unreserved Ticketing System terminals. As of now, all the PRS counters across the country are operated by railway employees while only authorized travel agents are allowed to sell e-tickets.
The new reservation centres would be called Yatri Ticket Suvidha Kendras (YTSK). Railways justify the plan saying the move would help expansion of the facilities for purchase of tickets that would help passengers.
To start with, railways would allow only authorized ticketing agents with five year experience and those who have an office outside the railway station equipped with adequate infrastructure to run the YTSK.
Private players would be given permission to operate up to four terminals on the pattern and standard at par with the computerized PRS centres of Railways.
However, the timings of operations of the terminals have been fixed one hour behind the opening timing of PRS counters with aim to prevent the operators from getting into any malpractice. At railways' run PRS centre the booking of normal tickets opens at 8 am and tatkal booking at 10 am, but privately-operated YTSKs would be allowed to open only at 9 am and 11 am.
The unions argue that in the past also, outsourcing of such activities to private parties has resulted in lots of discrepancies, frauds and public complaints. It said even authorized travel agents were banned for a pretty long time and opening the flood gate to private parties will definitely give a bad name to railways.
A railway official rejected the contention, saying private players would give better ticketing service to rail travelers.

Sensex rallies over 300 points; Nifty reclaims 7900 on Fed boosterYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex soars 1.5% as data shows US Fed in no hurry to hike rates
ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 02.17AM IST
Tags:
BSE sensex
(The rally in the index was…)
MUMBAI: Indian markets rallied on Thursday, mirroring gains in global markets after the US Federal Reserve's September meeting minutes suggested it's not in a hurry to raise interest rates, contrary to some expectations. The gains in markets were led by banking, capital goods and metals.
The benchmark Sensex rose 1.49% to end at 26,637 points, snapping three days of losses, while NSE Nifty rose 1.50% to close at 7,960 points.
"Global investors cannot ignore Indian markets as the latest World Bank report suggests that India is among the few countries that will deliver growth this year. Investors should not get rattled by global events, as the recent correction was very healthy for markets. The current bull market is intact, while we expect markets to reach much higher levels going ahead," said Raamdeo Agrawal, co-founder and joint managing director at Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
Fed officials have raised concerns over a slowdown in the global economy and gains in the dollar against major global currencies as this could hurt the US economic recovery. Analysts say an interest-rate increase before mid-2015 is unlikely as the Fed's comments appear to be dovish.
"Emerging markets, including India, can take respite from the Fed's comments suggesting no hurry in hiking rates. The US recovery would eventually be positive for India as it would boost export demand, although earlier-than-anticipated interest rate hikes by the US could lead to an emerging markets sell-off," said Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, managing director and head of research at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Before Thursday's bounce back, the Sensex had corrected by more than 1,000 points in less than a month after it had hit a record on September 8. Fund managers said investors should not get worried by intermediate corrections, as these declines are healthy for markets. "Markets are waiting for new reform initiatives by the government, while state election results can have a bearing on sentiment. In the immediate term FII (foreign institutional investor) flows are more likely to be dictated by market technicals," said Nirmal Jain, chairman of IIFL.
Another big sentiment booster for Indian markets was crude oil prices that have declined to a 27-month low. Analysts see this as a big positive for the Indian economy, as lower commodity prices will help in improving India's current account deficit (CAD), take care of the subsidy burden of oil-marketing and fertilizer companies, and tame inflation.
"India has got a new leader under which we expect new economic reforms going forward. We are seeing green shoots in the economy, while markets are trading at a reasonable valuation. India would be one of the biggest beneficiaries of fall in global crude prices as it helps in reducing current account deficit (CAD), fiscal deficit, and inflation," said Agrawal of Motilal Oswal. Overseas investors have sold equities worth more than Rs 3,100 crore in the last three weeks after investing in excess of $14 billion in India so far this year.
"FIIs continue to be overweight on India, though the flows have taken a breather recently as investors await further clarity on the pace of reforms. Possible triggers for future flows could be rate cuts in February 2015, some big-bang reform announcements following the assembly elections, and continuing of benign commodity prices," said Jaipuria of BofA ML.
Leading index companies also boosted market sentiment. BHEL surged 8.37% to Rs 218, Hindalco rose 6.01% to Rs 57 .
FEATURED ARTICLES

MP Investors Summit eyes Rs 2.25 lakh crore investmentsLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MP Investors Summit eyes Rs 2.25 lakh crore investments
Madhya Pradesh has emerged as the fastest growing Indian state and this fact is being leverage by its chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to attract investors.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Madhya Pradesh is all set to woo investors at a three-day global summit. A total of Rs 2.25 lakh crore worth of investment interest had been expressed.
This is the 4th edition of Madhya Pradesh summit. It will be inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Indore.
Corporate honchos like Mukesh Ambani, Anil Ambani, Adi Godrej and Kumar Mangalam Birla will also be present during the inauguration.
Madhya Pradesh has emerged as the fastest growing Indian state and this fact is being leverage by its chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to attract investors. Also, the state is a part of Mumbai-Delhi industrial corridor (MDIC) and has huge land bank.

SC to hear plea against HZL divestment todayLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SC to hear plea against HZL divestment today
This petition challenging the HZL divestment had been filed by the employee association of the company.
Post your opinion here
07:00 am
The Supreme Court today will take up the petition that had challenged that government's plans for divesting stake in Hindustan Zinc .
With the government having set itself a target of Rs 15,000 crore for divestment in non-PSUs is expected to push hard to take the stake sale program through today.
This petition challenging the HZL divestment had been filed by the employee association of HZL and their primary contention was that HZL was a private enterprise which was nationalized under the Metal Corporation Act and hence the act of divestment must necessarily proceeded by an amendment by the parliament.
While admitting this petition, the SC had issued notices to the CBI, as well as the government.  he CBI had initiated enquires in November last year to probe the alleged irregularities in the divestment process and so now both the government, as well as CBI will clarify on that.
The government as of now holds just below 30% while the majority stake is held by Vendanta. The argument that the government is likely to pursue is that in light of its minority stake, the company ceases to be a PSU and hence amending the Metal Corporation Act does not arise.
The divestment had received a nod from the CCEA in January 2014, and even the then Attorney General giving a green signal for this divestment. So that is something that the government will be betting on.
RELATED NEWS

Nifty can test 8000: Arihant CapitalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty can test 8000: Arihant Capital
According to Arihant Capital, 7800 level is strong support and a bounce from that level can propel Nifty to 8000 plus levels in couple of days.
Post your opinion here
 
Arihant Capital's market outlook:
In view of the above pattern formation it is evident that as long as Nifty holds 7800 level there is possibility that indices may test 7900 – 7950 levels. On the flip side if 7800 is breached then it is likely to test 7800 – 7750 levels on the downside.
Broadly, we maintain our earlier stance that 7800 level is strong support. Hence, we expect a bounce from that level which can propel Nifty to 8000 plus levels in couple of days.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Bhel jumps after winning contractBhel jumps after winning contract
Brent comes off 27-mth low  holds above $91 as dollar weakensBrent comes off 27-mth low  holds above $91 as dollar weakens
Sehwag the Google King Among Comeback KidsSehwag the Google King Among Comeback Kids
Sensex Jumps 300 Points on Fed Minutes  Nifty Reclaims 7900Sensex Jumps 300 Points on Fed Minutes  Nifty Reclaims 7900
Industrial output up by 2.4 per cent in AugustIndustrial output up by 2.4 per cent in August
Nokia to shut down its Chennai plant From November 1stNokia to shut down its Chennai plant From November 1st
Two dead in building collapse as heavy rains lash BangaloreOct 09, 2014 at  02:46pm IST
Two dead in building collapse as heavy rains lash Bangalore
26
0
Bangalore: Two people have died in a building collapse as heavy rains lashed Bangalore late on Wednesday night. An ageing two-storied house collapsed in the city which killed a father and son duo.
Two others were also trapped under the debris but were later rescued. The house also partially damaged a neighboring building.
In another incident, the body of nine-year-old Geetha, who slipped and fell in a drain, was found on Wednesday. She was walking on a pavement with her aunt in South East Bangalore when she slipped and fell through a gap on the concrete slap covering a drain. Heavy rains in the area had caused water logging and the child did not see the gaping hole.

Finance Ministry  RBI to decide on monetary policy framework by December-endmoney and monetary policy
The Finance Ministry and the RBI will finalise a new monetary policy framework by December end under which the central bank will pursue the retail inflation target to be decided by the government.
According to official sources, the internal work for the new monetary policy framework is in advanced stages and the government will have to take a final view on it in consultation with the RBI.
Under the new framework, the interest rate will be decided by a monetary policy committee with a view to ensuring that inflation remains within the targeted levels.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had in his Budget speech on July 10 said: “It is also essential to have a modern monetary policy framework to meet the challenge of an increasingly complex economy. Government will, in close consultation with the RBI, put in place such a framework.’’ The new framework, sources said, had to be decided by December end so that the initiatives could be included in the Action Taken Report, which has to be tabled in Parliament by January 15.

Twitter Sues For Right To Disclose Details Of Government Surveillance RequestsTwitter Sues For Right To Disclose Details Of Government Surveillance Requests
Posted:
reddit
Twitter on Tuesday filed suit against the FBI and the Justice Department, seeking the ability to release detailed information on government surveillance of Twitter users.
“We’ve tried to achieve the level of transparency our users deserve without litigation, but to no avail,” Twitter said in a blog post announcing the lawsuit , which was filed in federal court .
Like other major tech companies, Twitter releases reports disclosing how many government requests it receives for information on its users. But the reports are vague because Twitter is barred by law from disclosing more details on government surveillance requests.
Twitter is asking a judge for permission to publish its full transparency report, including the number of so-called “national security letters” and Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act orders that it receives. Twitter claims that restrictions on its ability to speak about government surveillance requests are unconstitutional under the First Amendment.
“It’s our belief that we are entitled under the First Amendment to respond to our users’ concerns and to the statements of U.S. government officials by providing information about the scope of U.S. government surveillance – including what types of legal process have not been received," Twitter said in its post. "We should be free to do this in a meaningful way, rather than in broad, inexact ranges."
In July, Twitter said it received 2,058 requests for information on its users over the previous six months from governments around the world -- a 46 percent increase. More than 60 percent of those requests came from the U.S. government.
Tech companies have asked the federal government for the right to disclose more detailed data on surveillance requests, but have been rebuffed. In April, Twitter said it provided a draft of its full transparency report to the Justice Department and the FBI. But after many months of discussions, Twitter said Tuesday “we were unable to convince them to allow us to publish even a redacted version of the report.”
The FBI and Justice Department did not return requests for comment.
Twitter said it supports the USA Freedom Act of 2014, which was introduced earlier this year by Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.). The bill would allow for greater public reporting about government surveillance requests.
Jameel Jaffer, the deputy legal director for the American Civil Liberties Union, applauded Twitter's lawsuit.
“Twitter is doing the right thing by challenging this tangled web of secrecy rules and gag orders,” Jaffer said, adding that “we hope that other technology companies will now follow Twitter’s lead.”
More:

Young Thackerays hit campaign trail in Mumbai ahead of state pollspicture  others
Young Thackerays hit campaign trail in Mumbai ahead of state polls
Shiv Sena Youth President Aditya Thackeray is seen campaign for the Navi Mumbai Panvel Shiv Sena candidate Vasudev Garat in Mumbai on Tuesday. (Source: Express photo by Narendra Vaskar)
Aditya Thackeray is seen interacting with people. (Source: Express photo by Narendra Vaskar)
Aditya Thackeray waves to people while campaigning. (Source: Express photo by Narendra Vaskar)
Maharashtra Navnirman Sena president Raj Thackeray's son Amit Thackeray joins Worli candidate Vijay Kudtarkar in Mumbai. (Source: Express photo)
Amit Thackeray is seen waving to people. (Source: Express photo)
Related

PM Modi lauds Anil Ambani for joining Swachh Bharat drivePM Narendra Modi lauds Anil Ambani for joining Swachh Bharat campaign
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 14:18 IST
Reliance ADAG Chairman Anil Ambani (Photo: Reuters)
Joining Prime Minister Narendra Modi's initiative to rid the country of litter and rubbish, Reliance Group chairman Anil Ambani on Wednesday picked up the broom to clean an area outside Church Gate station and invited Mary Kom, Amitabh Bachchan and Sania Mirza to join the initiative.
Launching the Swachh Bharat campaign last week, PM Modi had named nine celebrities, including Ambani, cricketing icon Sachin Tendulkar and film stars Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra to propagate the initiative.
He asked them to nominate nine more people to join the campaign with a hope that the chain will continue.
Ambani picked the broom to clean an area near Church Gate station in Mumbai and invited nine prominent personalities, including Asian Games gold medallist boxer Mary Kom, legendary film star Amitabh Bachchan and tennis star Sania Mirza to take the Swachh Bharat campaign forward.
The Prime Minister tweeted, "Wonderful effort by Shri Anil Ambani, who cleaned the area around Churchgate Station in Mumbai along with his friends. #MyCleanIndia."
Sources said others named by Ambani include columnist Shobha De, leading journalist Shekhar Gupta, lyricist Prasoon Joshi, Bollywood superhero Hrithik Roshan, Telugu superstar Nagarjuna and Runners Clubs of India.
"I am honoured to be invited by our respected Prime Minister Shri Narendrabhai Modi to join the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. I dedicate myself to this movement and will invite nine other leading Indians to join me in the Clean India campaign," Ambani had said on October 2.
Other eminent personalities picked up by the Prime Minister to take the Swachh Bharat campaign forward included film star Kamal Hassan, Yoga guru Baba Ramdev and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor.
Modi used Gandhi Jayanti, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, to start the cleanliness drive and ordered ministers to sweep areas clean.
"I have invited nine people and asked them to come to public places and work towards a Clean India. I ask them to invite nine more people too... I am sure these nine people will do the work and each will invite nine more people to form a chain and clean the country," the Prime Minister had said then.

In Chautala bastion Dabwali  Sidhu tears into  backstabbing  BadalsIn Chautala bastion Dabwali, Sidhu tears into ‘backstabbing’ Badals
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Dabwali |       October 8, 2014 4:19 pm
Comments
Cricketer turned BJP politician Navjot Singh Sidhu on Wednesday tore into the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD), his party’s ally in Punjab, asking voters to beware of “backstabbers”.
The two-time BJP MP from Amritsar, who did not contest this summer’s Lok Sabha elections after being denied the party ticket for the seat, spoke at a campaign meeting in Dabwali for BJP candidate Dev Kumar Sharma.  The seat, a bastion of the Chautalas, sent Ajay Chautala to the Haryana assembly in 2009. Both Ajay Chautala and his father, INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala, are in prison after being convicted in the teachers’ recruitment scam, and the Dabwali seat is being defended by Ajay’s wife, Naina Singh. SAD politicians, including Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal, have been campaigning for the INLD.
“Our allies hug us in Punjab, but here in Haryana, they are wrestling with us. This is extremely unethical and mischievous,” Sidhu said.  “They support a person who claims that he will become CM from jail [Chautala]. Paide paide yaar meri fatto de [Punjabi idiom to describe bad company]. How can [kis munh se] our allies [in Punjab] support convicts who have been jailed for corruption?
“They”, Sidhu said, referring to the Badals, “forgot us [BJP], because of whom they are enjoying power in Punjab,” to loud cheers from the crowd.
As for the Congress, Sidhu said, “Congress toh munni se bhi zyaada badnaam hai”, referring to the popular Bollywood item number.
“Guru Gobind Singh said that a man is always known by his word. And here is our [Chief Minister] Bhupinder Hooda, who has never kept his word. The roads here in Dabwali are pathetic. These are such that if a man rides a bike on them with his newly-wed wife, he must keep looking behind to check she hasn’t fallen off the pillion,” Sidhu said, mocking Hooda’s claims of development in Haryana.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is the answer, Sidhu said. “Do you still believe this Congress, do you still have faith in those who are undergoing prison terms on charges of corruption? Ek hi chaand Modi jaisa kaafi hai roshni ke liye, hazaaron taaron se kuchh nahi hoga (a moon like Modi is that you need to remove darkness, this isn’t something even a thousand stars can do).”
Sidhu alleged the Badals had conspired to ensure the defeat of the BJP candidate (Finance Minister Arun Jaitley) in Amritsar in the Lok Sabha elections, despite the two parties having been in an alliance.
“Our allies wanted to target Sidhu in Amritsar, so they ensured the BJP’s defeat in Amritsar. Beware of such people. I will always work for the interests of Punjab, Haryana and all of you. Modi is not PM because he has more wealth than the Ambanis, it is because of the faith that all of you have in him.
“We respect elders,” Sidhu said, “but not those like our allies (Parkash Singh Badal) who are campaigning for corrupt and jailed  politicians”.
Jaitley, Sidhu said, had told him never to compromise on ethics. “But where are the continued…

Soon you can switch TV operator without changing set-top boxPrint
Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 6:51 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 6:52 pm
Soon, Indian TV viewers would have the advantage of mobile portability where the consumer is free to choose the provider and switch to another one.
Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar said here Wednesday that the ministry is working towards bringing in “interoperability” to the Set Top Boxes whereby customers would be able to change their service providers by just putting in a new card instead of having to buy a new Set Top Box every time.
Chairing the first meeting of the Task Force for Cable Digitization for phases three and four at Vigyan Bhavan, the minister stressed that the customer should get full benefit of digitization with high quality picture and good service and all at affordable prices.
Javadekar said that Phase III would be over by end 2015 and Phase IV by 2016 end.
The two phases would see the cable TV digitization process spreading towards villages.
He said the Task Force would meet regularly with representatives of all stakeholders, including the service providers and consumers, and also monitor the progress of the digitisation.
He said the process of cable TV digitization is part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s dream of a Digital India and “we will go ahead full speed”.
“Like the portability of the mobile phone, the viewers should also have similar options with the Set Top Boxes. They should be able to put in any card of choice (of service provider) on the Set Top Box,” he said.
The Task Force is to deliberate on ways to bring in interoperability to the STBs, he added.
He also urged that STBs should be affordably priced for the benefit of the consumer.
He said that domestic manufacturers can produce the boxes at competitive rates with the telecom ministry having declared the equipment as Telecom Network Equipment.
He said with this move, for which he said Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad had moved very fast to get it done, the manufacturers would get a level playing field with the foreign manufacturers. For phases I and II, the STBs had been mostly imported.
Javadekar said that 16 crore TV sets would have been digitized by the end of the fourth phase.
Under the earlier plan for digitization, the third phase was to end by September this year and the fourth phase by Dec 31, 2014.
The total number of TV households in India is around 160 million. The first and second phases of cable digitization covered all the metros and 38 cities with a population of over one million.

Amazon launches online appliances storeOct 08, 2014, 07.00 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Amazon launches online appliances store
As home and kitchen is one of the most sought after categories during Diwali, the launch comes at a time when customers can enjoy shopping for appliances with ease and convenience, the company said in a release.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Amazon launches online appliances store
As home and kitchen is one of the most sought after categories during Diwali, the launch comes at a time when customers can enjoy shopping for appliances with ease and convenience, the company said in a release.
Post your opinion here
 
E-tailer Amazon Wednesday said it has launched a store on its online marketplace featuring a wide selection of home appliances such as refrigerators, washing machines, air-conditioners and dishwashers.
As home and kitchen is one of the most sought after categories during Diwali, the launch comes at a time when customers can enjoy shopping for appliances with ease and
convenience, the company said in a release.
From the comfort of their homes, customers can access a large selection of appliances from leading global and Indian brands like LG, Samsung, IFB, Panasonic, Voltas, Godrej as well as from retailers such as Viveks, Shahs and Next, to name a few, it said.
For additional convenience and a worry-free shopping experience for customers who purchase these appliances on its marketplace, Amazon.in will help with scheduling of a hassle free installation and demonstration service from the respective brands and retailers, the release added.
"We are excited to launch the Large Appliances store in time of Diwali and enable customers to conveniently shop while they engage in festivities," Amit Agarwal, Vice President and Country Manager, Amazon India said.
Amazon said customers buying from Amazon.in's Large Appliances Store can take advantage of an extended warranty offering 1-year and 2-year extensions beyond the brand warranty. This repair and maintenance service will offer hassle-free digital warranty for customers and provide market-leading customer service.
In addition, customers also benefit from free transportation for repair as well as free annual preventive maintenance. The extended warranty program is available for purchase from Rs. 675 onwards, it added.
RELATED NEWS

Indian troops told to retaliate aggressively to Pak firingEYE BROWSE
Indian troops asked to retaliate aggressively to Pakistan firing
Pakistan’s military fired machine guns and mortars at about 60 Indian army posts, a senior Indian border security force official said, adding that India retaliated.
Yahoo India –  Wed 8 Oct, 2014
Print
JAMMU: Two people were killed and 25 were injured as Pakistani troops fired on the international border in Jammu and Kashmir's Samba district, authorities said Wednesday. Pakistan fired through the night and did not stop as the day broke.
A senior police officer said two women were killed and five were wounded in Pakistan mortar shelling in Chilyari village of Samba sector Wednesday morning.
“Two people have died and five are injured in Pakistan mortar shelling in Chilyari village in Samba district today. The injured have been shifted to government medical college (GMC) hospital in Jammu city for treatment.
“BSF is also retaliating effectively to silence Pakistan guns in the area."
Pakistan’s military fired machine guns and mortars at about 60 Indian army posts, a senior Indian border security force official said, adding that India retaliated.
Top government sources said that Indian forces have been asked to retaliate aggressively and stop all talks with Pakistan troops until firing across the border ends entirely.
Panic gripped the border villages here as shells landed with fierce intensity on homes, shattering windows and leaving the walls with gaping holes and pock-marked. The bloodied and wounded were carried to hospital, while the locals scurried to safety and spent a sleepless night.
The latest series of Pakistan ceasefire violations on the LoC and the international border started Oct 6.
Twenty people, including 15 civilians, were injured in overnight Pakistani firing at the border in Jammu and Kashmir.
Pakistan Rangers again started firing at Indian positions in Hira Nagar sector of the international border in Kathua district Wednesday morning.
"Four army soldiers were injured in Pakistan firing on the LoC in Poonch district, one BSF trooper and 15 civilians were injured in firing by Pakistan Rangers on the international border in Jammu district during the night.
"Pakistan has again started firing at BSF positions and civilian areas in Hira Nagar sector of the border in Kathua district Wednesday morning," a senior police officer told IANS in winter capital Jammu.
In retaliation to Pakistan targeting civilian habitations in Jammu and Kashmir, the union home ministry Wednesday put on hold a scheduled flag meeting between Pakistan and Indian paramilitary forces to discuss the recent hostilities.
Union Minister of State (PMO) Jitendra Singh, who represents the Jammu Lok Sabha seat in parliament, is arriving here Wednesday to review the border situation.
More than 20,000 residents of 30 villages along the international border in Jammu region have been shifted to safer locations.
The shooting, which started more than a week ago, has seen some of the most intense violence between the two nations since they agreed a border truce in 2003.
Recommend

Kerala to take broadband connectivity to all villagesPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 8, 2014 7:39 pm
Kerala plans to become the first Indian state to take broadband internet connectivity to all villages across the state under the National Optical Fibre Network (NOFN).
After the cabinet meeting, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy said the state envisaged to complete the project by March, 2015, to become the first state to achieve high speed net connectivity in all panchayats. The government would ensure land for laying the optical fibre cable and provide necessary space in all panchayat offices for establishing the network, he said.
The Kerala leg of the NOFN would further require a cable network of 8,00 km and so far 150 km of cable has been already laid. Broadband internet facility is already available in many villages in the state. Kerala has 978 village panchayats in the three-tier local governing system.
A project of Rs 20,000 crore, NOFN envisages to link all village panchayats in the country.

UN pledges USD 4 million for Mizoram livelihood projectPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: October 8, 2014 7:20 pm
Four specialised agencies of the United Nations have pledged USD 4 million to implement a livelihood project in Mizoram that will be launched in state capital Aizawl next week, a senior official said on Wednesday.
The UN agencies – UNDP, FAO, UNIDO and ILO have drawn up a detailed work plan and budget of USD 4 million (of which the state government will contribute Rs 122.7 lakhs) for the “UN Joint Initiative Project”, P L Thanga, chairman of the flagship New Land Use Policy, or NLUP, Implementing Board said.
The project would include a wide range of issues including food security, livelihood, energy security sustainable livelihoods, income generation and eco-system preservation, P L Thanga said, adding one aspect focused on would also be the setting up of a “trans-border animal disease control system” in the wake of the swine epidemic that devastated the state’s piggeries last year.
In agriculture, the project would seek to establish market linkages for the state’s produce, he added.

Traders cut bets on fast Fed rate risesTraders cut bets on fast Fed rate rise pace
By Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a66ae8b2-4ef1-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Everything will be fine: PM Narendra Modi about Pak border situationPrint
Everything will be fine soon, Modi said on being asked about ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
Written by Pranav Kulkarni , Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 8:52 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 7:47 am
Hours after India warned Pakistan of an “effective and appropriate” response to ceasefire violations along the border, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday hinted at an early resolution, saying “everything will be fine soon”.
The Prime Minister’s remark was in response to a reporter’s query during an at-home gathering at the official residence of Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha on the 82nd Air Force Day. Modi was seen speaking to Army Chief General Dalbir Singh.
Earlier in the day, Raha told reporters that the border “matter is serious” but the government and security forces were doing their best to return the situation to normal.
“India wants good relations with its neighbours… a number of steps are being taken… We are all concerned. Efforts are being made to bring this to an end,” Raha said.
Top government sources ruled out any talks till Pakistan stopped its attacks. “It was the Pakistani side which started the ceasefire violation. There will be no talks till the shelling stops,” a senior official said. “Pakistan should stop (firing). We did not escalate the situation and we are not going to give in to coercive diplomacy.”
Addressing election rallies in Karnal, Faridabad and Kaithal in Haryana, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh assured people living in the border villages of Jammu and Kashmir that they would soon return to their homes since the Pakistani “misadventure” was being responded to adequately.
“The situation in India has changed and Pakistan should understand this,” he said. Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju said India will continue to respond to ceasefire violations. “There is not going to be any flag meeting because our forces are responding appropriately. We will see whatever outcome is there,” he said.
In Jammu, Jitendra Singh, Minister of State in the PMO, said: “There are indications that Pakistani Army is also with the Rangers.” He said the BSF had taken appropriate action. “There is a befitting reply from Indian side and the other side is also realising that the manner in which they are suffering casualties.”
A PTI report from the United Nations headquarters said Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has asked India and Pakistan to resolve their issues diplomatically and through dialogue. Late Wednesday night, fresh firing from Pakistan was reported in Akhnoor.
On Tuesday, the BSF fired 10,000 medium machine gun rounds, the maximum since the clashes at the border. “The jawans have been told to fire with all might and there is no let-up from our side. We still stand by our decision not to hold flag meetings or call up the Pakistan Rangers,” an official said.
Away from the International Border, firing was also reported along the Line of Control. Starting 1.30 pm Tuesday, it continued until 7 am Wednesday. Sources said that the Pakistani fire, which involved automatic weapons continued…

First Ebola patient diagnosed in the US dies in Texas hospitalFirst Ebola patient diagnosed in the US dies in Texas hospital
Reuters
Dallas, Texas, October 08, 2014
First Published: 20:58 IST(8/10/2014)
print
The first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States, Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan, died on Wednesday morning at a Dallas hospital, a hospital spokesman said.
"It is with profound sadness and heartfelt disappointment that we must inform you of the death of Thomas Eric Duncan this morning at 7:51 am," hospital spokesman Wendell Watson said in an emailed statement.
Duncan became ill after arriving in the Texas city from Liberia on Sept. 20 to visit family, heightening concerns the world's worst Ebola outbreak on record could spread outside of the three worst-hit West African countries. About 48 people with whom Duncan had been in contact are being monitored.
Read: Britain sends 750 military personnel to combat Ebola
Ebola has killed more than 3,400 people in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea since the outbreak began in March, nearly half of all those infected, according to the World Health Organization. While several American patients have been flown to the United States from West Africa for treatment, Duncan was the first person to start showing symptoms of the disease on US soil.
A Spanish nurse who treated a priest who worked in the region is also infected.
Duncan was able to fly to the United States from Liberia's capital Monrovia, which is at the epicenter of the Ebola outbreak, because he did not have a fever when screened at the airport and filled out a questionnaire saying he had not been in contact with anyone infected with Ebola.
Read: UN okays $49.9 mn funding for Ebola response
Liberian officials have since said that he lied on the questionnaire and had been in contact with a pregnant woman who later died of the disease. Ebola can take as long as three weeks before its victims show symptoms, at which point the disease becomes contagious. Ebola, which can cause fever, vomiting and diarrhea, spreads through contact with bodily fluids such as blood or saliva.
Duncan began feeling ill shortly after his arrival in Texas. He went to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas on Sept. 25, but was initially sent home with antibiotics. His condition worsened, he returned Sept. 28 by ambulance and was diagnosed with the disease.
"The past week has been an enormous test of our health system, but for one family it has been far more personal. Today they lost a dear member of their family. They have our sincere condolences, and we are keeping them in our thoughts," David Lakey, commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services said in a statement.
Read: Universal Ebola drug target identified
Officials have said as many as 48 people may have been exposed to the disease by Duncan, and that the 10 people at highest risk are cooperating with public health authorities by staying in quarantine voluntarily. The other 38 people who may have been exposed are being checked routinely for fever.
US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Director Dr. Thomas Frieden said he was confident the disease would not spread widely within the United States. US officials are also expanding their response in West Africa.

GKN stalls on auto production fearsGKN stalls on auto production fears
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a75ecc7a-4f05-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Narendra Modi forgetting promise of creating separate Vidarbha: CongressE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bratusek denied European Commission jobParliament rejects Bratusek for European Commission job
By Peter Spiegel and Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6b47b8ca-4f0d-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Centre plays hardball  rejects states riders for rolling out GSTE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fed minutes reveal slowdown worries | Rate hike linked to dataDovish US Federal Reserve minutes reveal global slowdown worries
By AFP | 9 Oct, 2014, 06.51AM IST
Eye on the globe: Hans Goetti's views on global markets
Eye on the globe: Hans Goetti's views on global markets
Federal Reserve officials stressed "patience" in waiting to raise interest rates, worrying about weaker foreign economic growth and the stronger dollar.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Federal Reserve officials stressed "patience" in waiting to raise interest rates, worrying about weaker foreign economic growth and the stronger dollar, minutes of their September policy meeting showed Wednesday.
Participants at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting discussed their concerns about the stronger dollar amid stuttering growth in the eurozone, slowdowns in China and Japan and elevated geopolitical risks.
The greenback in particular had firmed against the euro, the yen and the British pound.
"Some participants expressed concern that the persistent shortfall of economic growth and inflation in the euro area could lead to a further appreciation of the dollar and have adverse effects on the US external sector," the minutes said.
"Several" of them added "that slower economic growth in China or Japan or unanticipated events in the Middle East or Ukraine might pose a similar risk."
There was no mention of the overseas growth or dollar concerns in the FOMC's policy statement on September 17, in which the central bank left its zero interest rate unchanged since late 2008 and took another step toward winding up its massive asset-purchase program known as quantitative easing.
"The minutes appear less hawkish than anticipated, as there was concern about the health of the eurozone economy and the potential impact of an appreciating dollar on both US exports and inflation," said Ryan Sweet of Moody's Analytics.
The FOMC statement repeated the "considerable time" formula for an eventual rate hike after it winds up QE, expected after the October 28-29 meeting, although some officials wanted to drop the language.
According to the minutes, "The concern was raised that the reference to 'considerable time' in the current forward guidance could be misunderstood as a commitment rather than as data dependent."
However, participants noted that the current formulation of the FOMC's outlook "clearly indicated" that the committee's policy decisions were conditional on its ongoing assessment of progress and expected progress toward the central bank's dual mandate of maximum employment and 2.0 per cent inflation.
Some meeting participants saw the current forward guidance as appropriate in terms of risk-management considerations, "which suggested that it would be prudent to err on the side of patience while awaiting further evidence of sustained progress toward the Committee's goals."
In the view of those officials, under current conditions raising rates could have greater downside shocks to the economy, as it makes a modest recovery, than boost it, the minutes said, because "it would be less problematic to remove accommodation quickly, if doing so becomes necessary, than to add accommodation."
Fed Chair Janet Yellen , in a post-FOMC news conference, emphasized that a rate hike would be data-dependent, tamping down her earlier comment that it could come about "six months" after the Fed ends its asset-purchase program.
Markets reacted strongly to the Fed minutes that appeared to suggest a slower-than-anticipated approach to tightening credit. Wall Street stocks soared, with the blue-chip Dow Jones Industrial Average swinging up more than 200 points after scoring only an 80-point gain before they were released.
Barclays analyst Michael Gapen pointed out that the FOMC minutes, in addition to mentioning downside risks, revealed a mainly upbeat US economic outlook.
"We see nothing in the September minutes that leads us to alter our view that the committee will raise rates beginning in June of next year. This remains the case even though the risks to US growth from a weaker global growth outlook or a stronger dollar have risen since the September meeting."
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

PM wants no. of RAX users to be expanded to 5kYou are here: Home > Collections
PM Narendra Modi wants number of RAX users to be expanded to 5,000 to keep government business safe
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 02.08AM IST
Tags:
Anil Goswami
(Nripendra Mishra wrote…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has ordered a fourfold increase in the users of secure RAX telephone sets, asking senior bureaucrats up to the director level to be given these secure lines for communication so that all government business is safe from interception by intelligence agencies of foreign countries.
PM's Principal Secretary Nripendra Mishra wrote to the home ministry and telecom department on July 9, asking for the number of RAX users to be expanded to 5,000 officials.
Home secretary Anil Goswami in a letter on July 17 agreed to the idea and the Department of Telecom approved the proposal on September 3, as per a letter trail accessed by ET.
So far, only about 1,300 officials up to the joint secretary level have secure RAX lines. As per the new proposal, all officials till the director level will be given these lines and a RAX phone will also be provided at the residence of each official. "Many a time, in an emergency, officers are contacted at home too. The confidentiality of that conversation also cannot be compromised," a senior government official said.
The 5,000 users will be given new RAX phones for internal communication which can be operated only after fingerprint identification. A live picture of the caller is also visible on the phone-set of the officer receiving the secure call, thereby eliminating chances of impersonation.
The special secured handset enables classified communication to be encrypted at the handset stage itself, thus making a communication secure from tapping. The 1,300-odd officials having RAX lines so far did get these new phones last year but they are not operational and officials continue to use their old and far less secure handsets for confidential communication.
The new phones have been developed by the Centre for Development of Telematics (C-DoT) and MTNL will now make all these phones operational for 5000 users.
Government officials will be soon instructed to speak strictly through RAX lines to each other for maintaining confidentiality of communication.
BJP government has been critical of the US snooping attempts and foreign minister Sushma Swaraj had ticked off US Secretary of State John Kerry on this issue when he had came visiting in July.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brands use WhatsApp to promote products in I...Luxury brands like Cartier, Armani, Diesel and others use WhatsApp to promote products in India
Vijaya Rathore & Varuni Khosla, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 02.16AM IST
Tags:
Armani
(“The service helps us…)
NEW DELHI: Luxury and premium brands such as Cartier , Armani, Diesel and Corneliani have found a not-so-exclusive platform to reach out to consumers in India: WhatsApp.
India's favourite instant messaging app — which many small and medium entrepreneurs use to keep in touch with their customers — is now being used by marketers of luxury jackets, shoes, watches and even candies to promote, sell, and offer after-sale-services.
"Selling luxury is all about offering personalised services and platforms like WhatsApp enable that, which is why brands encourage their store managers to make an extensive use of it," said Yashovardhan Saboo, chief executive at Ethos , a chain of retail stores housing watch brands such as Rado, Cartier, Armani and Rolex.
Reliance Brands , which retails labels like Diesel, Kenneth Cole, Zegna and Brooks Brothers in the country, Nordic Kandie, a high-end marzipan chocolate store, Italian menswear brand Corneliani and multi-brand premium retail store Heel & Buckle are among marketers using WhatsApp to maintain one-on-one relationship with the rich and suave clients by sharing pictures, videos, brand films and other promotional material on a regular basis.
"The service helps us connect better with the clients not just in the metro cities where we have stores, but also 45 locations across India," said Summet Yadav, business head of Reliance Brands.
He said 'cash-rich-time-poor' customers find it convenient to go through the latest stock and also block/book the items to be home-delivered or to be picked up from stores at a later date at ease. "Conversion rate in case of customers using WhatsApp is as high as 80%."
Thea Tammeleht, founder and director of Nordic Kandie that sells candies in edible gold and silver in Delhi, said nearly seven out of 10 enquiries that come to them on WhatsApp convert into business. "We find this way of communicating easy for business as we are able to send price lists, images of products, pre- and post-shipping," she said.
The company has a dedicated person to reply to WhatsApp messages from clients. It gets maximum queries on Sundays.
"WhatsApp is being used by brands to both generate leads as well as manage customer service at a more micro level," said Apeksha Harihar, editor of Social Samosa, a news portal focusing on Indian social media.
According to her, several brands have used instant messenger apps abroad. Examples include Absolute Vodka and Burberry Brit in China.
In India, earlier this year Sony DADC created three groups on WhatsApp and added 30 members to each group on a first-cum-first served basis and conducted a contest, Harihar said.
Not just brands, even customers use WhatsApp to take better decisions.
Prem Dewan, retail head of Italian menswear brand Corneliani, said most people walk in to the store, try a few pieces, and share the pictures with their friends or family before closing a deal. "Currently we engage with at least 15 % of our top repeat clients via WhatsApp and it is growing very fast," he said.
Dewan, however, added, "Messages are sent out only after seeking permission from the clients. Else it can backfire."
India is one of the fastest-growing markets for instant messaging applications. Of the 600 million WhatsApp users, 65 million are in India.
Dhiraj Bhatija, chief executive officer of Heel & Buckle, said many of his clients ask for prior information on WhatsApp even if they visit the stores. "A lot of our women customers want to stay updated on what has come into the stores on a weekly basis."
According to a recent Business Insider study, 71% of women, compared to only 18% of men, 'like' or 'follow' a brand on the social media conversations.
Facebook bought WhatsApp for $19 billion, or Rs 1.2 lakh crore, early this year in one of the largest technology deals in the world. It works on a freemium model where it charges Rs 53 annually after free usage for one year.
India has over 160 million Internet users of which about 86 million people access the Internet using mobile devices.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Retail biz picks up but not across categoriesYou are here: Home > Collections > Consumer
Retail sector picks up but sales still inconsistent
Kala Vijayraghavan, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 02.43AM IST
(India’s oldest organised retailer Kishore Biyani has…)
The volume of personal requests for the first lot of Apple's newest iPhone coming the way of Ajit Joshi, CEO of retail chain Croma, heartens him: such technological innovations and upgrades bring in people into his stores. But the other implicit message in it makes him introspect: consumers are eager to buy mobiles and tablets, but not washing machines or refrigerators.
India's oldest organised retailer Kishore Biyani has a similar lament: the absence of a secular trend. "Consumer sentiment is very positive," says the CEO of Future Group. "But there is no consistency in buying yet. Onam did not result in a spike in sales in Kerala, but the beginning of Durga Puja led to a 20% spike in Kolkata."
On balance, as the festive season deepens, Biyani hopes the buoyancy in sales will increase and widen. Atul Ruia is already seeing it in his Phoenix Market City malls in Mumbai, a premium lifestyle shopping mall chain. Several of his malls are growing 30%-40% over the same month last year. "I am very optimistic about the next 12 months," says Ruia, the managing director, singling out super-premium and luxury brands.
It's not a narrative that Joshi shares. "So, while there is visible optimism about the new government, the concerns are what has changed for the common man?" he asks, rhetorically. What he is essentially saying is that things have not changed on the ground perceptibly for a critical mass of consumers. But they could. So suggests the various indices of ZyFin Research, a research and analytics firm, that measure consumer sentiment. In each of the months between April and July, its overall index of consumer sentiment rose solidly, before dipping marginally in August (See graphic).
A similar trend was seen in sub-indices that captured consumer plans to buy durables, houses and vehicles. The overall index is a forward-looking data point, which means an uptick today implies a rise in sales in the next six months. Debopam Chaudhuri, chief economist and VP — research at ZYFin, draws attention to the August dip. "Although very early, this dip could be an early signal that the euphoria prompted by the formation of the new government is starting to weaken, with consumers sensing no major shift in economic conditions on the streets," he says.
Today, some shifts are playing out. Financing, via both credit cards and loans, has increased. In order to counter inflation, the Indian consumer is shopping strategically, by seeking better deals at the point of sale and by timing bigger purchases. "The indicators are positive," says the CEO of a leading entertainment company, on the condition of anonymity.
"But the change is not full-blown." A wide change has to managed, feels Chaudhuri of ZyFin, and any failure of the government to do so can have telling results. "It is crucial for confidence to be restored through effective expectations management, especially by the government," he says. "While economic recovery is a long-drawn process, and results cannot be expected overnight, low consumer confidence can overturn all positive measures taken so far."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Quartz Daily BriefAsia editionFirst US Ebola death  Teslas D  protest economics  garlic injectionsOctober 8, 2014
What to watch for today
An ISIL strategy develops. Retired US General John Allen is traveling to Turkey to help the country figure out its role in the fight against the Islamic State group. One day later, he’ll have the same talk with NATO. Despite US-led airstrikes, it looks as if ISIL  will capture Kobani (paywall).
Elon Musk unveils the D. The CEO of Tesla tweeted last week alluding to a new model in the electric-car company’s portfolio. Analysts say it could either be an all-wheel drive version of the Model S or a demo of Tesla’s self-driving vehicle research .
Ben Bernanke speaks. The former head of the US Federal Reserve was supposed to testify Wednesday on the 2008 bailout of AIG, but that’s been rescheduled to Thursday.
Carl Icahn’s sends Tim Cook an open letter. “ Believe it will be interesting ” is all the activist investor—who owns over $4 billion in Apple stock—has to say.
Data, data everywhere. On Bloomberg’s calendar : US initial jobless claims come out, as do German export data, and Australian and Greek unemployment numbers. And the Bank of England will decide whether or not to  raise the current interest rate of 0.5%, though it seems unlikely just yet (paywall).
While you were sleeping
US markets jumped for joy. The Dow Jones had its best day of 2014 —recovering from an equally large drop the day before —after the US Federal Reserve published the  minutes of its last meeting  (paywall), which signaled it would keep rates low a while longer. The IMF, on the other hand,  doesn’t like that idea .
Ebola took Thomas Duncan’s life. The Liberian man  who was diagnosed  after flying to the US has died , despite getting  an experimental drug . The WHO updated its Ebola death toll figure to 3,879 . And the US decided to begin screening people at airports as early as this weekend.
Apple scheduled a press conference. The company that brought you the iPod and the iPhone will be unveiling new gadgets on Oct. 16 . Tech pundits are predicting a new iPad— which may have already leaked —along with updated Mac computers.
Air France counted the cost of its pilots’ strike. The airline said two weeks of grounded flights over the proposed expansion of its budget subsidiary Transavia may cost it  €500 million in profit for 2014. Passenger traffic was down nearly 16% last month and the next three months may be just as bad.
Quartz obsession interlude
Heather Timmons on the economic surprises of the Hong Kong protests. “Beijing’s ban on tour groups , put in place days after the protests started, was expected to hit tourism hard… Instead, the reverse seems to have happened. Tourist arrivals during the Golden Week were 1,159,952, the Hong Kong Tourism Board told Quartz—a 4.83% increase from last year’s Golden Week holiday, as mainland tourists poured into the city to shop , and in some cases check out the protests .” Read more here .
Matters of debate
You should own your data. The man who invented the web doesn’t like big corporations storing information about you.
Investing in infrastructure will fix the world’s economies. The IMF reached that conclusion ; now its time for governments to act.
Kazakhstan will be the next Ukraine. Russia  needs to invade it  (paywall) to keep its space program going.
Amazon’s workers are today’s coal miners. The time they spend in security checks is no different than going up and down an elevator into a mine.
Free will is at least partly an illusion. It can be easily  manipulated with brain implants .
Surprising discoveries
British trees are getting garlic injections. A compound in garlic—allicin— helps battle deadly diseases .
We now know exactly how much sleep you need.  7.8 hours for men and 7.6 hours for women .
Why sew clothes when you could weld them? The US Navy is testing ultrasonic welding to improve its parkas.
Kangaroos are great kick-boxers. Of course, it’s partly because having a tail lets you kick with both feet  (video).
No air conditioning? No beer. Vietnam wants restaurants selling beer to be chilled .
If you’re asking for a raise, might as well go all the way. An American bank employee emailed the CEO and all 260,000 employees, asking for raises for everyone .
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, breath mints, and black scorpions to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

US Fed officials link rate increase to economic dataYou are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
US Federal Reserve officials link rate increase to economic data
AP Oct 9, 2014, 03.36AM IST
Tags:
Dow Jones
(Many participants indicated…)
WASHINGTON: Federal Reserve officials, worried about weak growth overseas, agreed last month that they would begin raising interest rates only when measures of the economy's health and inflation signaled the time was right.
Minutes of the Fed's discussions at the Sept 16-17 meeting released Wednesday showed that officials expressed rising worries about lackluster growth in Europe, as well as slowing growth in Japan and China.
The US stock market surged after the release of the minutes, logging its biggest gain of the year. Investors appeared to take the revealed discussion as a sign that the Fed was in no hurry to raise interest rates. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 274 points, or 1.6 per cent, to 16,994.
"The markets like the news that there is no urgency on the part of Fed officials to stop doing what they are doing," said Chris Rupkey, chief financial economist at MUFG Union Bank in New York.
Fed officials also discussed the potential adverse impacts of a stronger dollar, which has gained strength recently against the euro, yen and British pound. A stronger dollar makes US goods more expensive overseas and foreign goods cheaper in the United States, a development that can dampen inflation.
"Some participants expressed concern that the persistent shortfall of economic growth and inflation in the euro area could lead to a further appreciation of the US dollar and have adverse effects on the US external sector," the minutes said.
At the September meeting, the Fed voted 8-2 to keep its key short-term interest rate at a record low near zero and retained language that it expected the rate to remain at that level for a "considerable time" after it ends monthly bond purchases. The minutes showed that some officials didn't think that was clear enough.
The current language "could be misunderstood as a commitment rather than as data dependent," the minutes said.
But the minutes also showed that officials worried that any tweaks to the wording of the policy guidance could be misinterpreted as a fundamental shift in the Fed's stance on interest rates, which could trigger an unintended rise in market rates.
Many participants indicated that they wanted to clarify that monetary policy changes would be closely linked to the country's economic performance.
The Fed has emphasized that the timing of an interest rate hike will depend on officials' views on how close the economy is to achieving the Fed's goals for maximum employment and inflation running at an annual rate of 2 per cent.
For the past two years, inflation has been running well below 2 per cent, giving the Fed room to keep rates at a record low in an effort to bolster the economy and generate more jobs. The government reported last week that the unemployment rate in September fell to a six-year low of 5.9 per cent, closer to the Fed's goal of an unemployment rate in a range of 5.2 per cent to 5.5 per cent.
The minutes were released with the customary three-week delay following the Fed's last meeting.
The consensus view among private economists is that the first rate hike will not occur until around June of next year. The Fed's short-term rate has been at a record low near zero since December 2008.
The Fed's bond purchases, designed to keep long-term interest rates low, have been trimmed in seven consecutive $10 billion reductions at each meeting starting last December. The purchases are currently at $15 billion and a final reduction to zero is expected at the next meeting on Oct. 28-29.
The two Fed officials who voted against the September action were Charles Plosser, president of the Fed's regional bank in Philadelphia, and Richard Fisher, president of the Dallas Fed.
Both objected to the decision to signal "considerable time" before the first rate increase. Plosser and Fisher are leading hawks, Fed officials who are concerned that low interest rates could generate unwanted inflation pressures in the future. They are also worried that the Fed's policies could be inflating asset bubbles that could burst and destabilize financial markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lanco Infratech director retiresWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

HTC unveils small handheld camera RE  smartphone Desire EyeHTC unveils small handheld camera RE, smartphone Desire Eye
Nalinakanthi V
The small camera comes with a 16 mega pixel CMOS sensor and a 146-degree wide-angle lens, which enables you to do a full length HD video recording.
Marks entry into imaging business
New York, Oct 9:  
Taiwanese smart phone maker HTC Corporation unveiled its small hand held camera -RE at a media event in New York City on Wednesday. This marks the company’s foray into the imaging business. “HTC has been setting the standard for smart phones for years - today we’re focused on redefining the concept of imaging forever,” said its CEO Peter Chou.
RE’s simple, cylindrical design which fits naturally in the palm, makes it easy to hold. Its built-in grip sensor turns on the device automatically the moment you get hold of your RE. It thus saves you the hassle of having to switch on the power button every time you wish to shoot a video or photo.
The small camera comes with a 16 mega pixel CMOS sensor and a 146-degree wide-angle lens, which enables you to do a full length HD video recording.
The most interesting aspect of this device is that the photos and videos you shoot can be seamlessly transferred to your mobile phone using the RE application. This app is available on android and iOS phones. Once your phone is mapped with the RE device through this app, you can view these images on your phone even as you shoot them.
In India by November
You can also do a slow motion recording with HTC’s RE camera. The product, which is being priced at $199 in the US, is expected to be available in Indian stores by November. The price of RE in India will likely be announced during its India launch, scheduled for the next week. The device is water resistant and you can capture shots up to one metre under water for nearly 30 minutes without requiring any additional casing/cover.
Desire Eye
While the introduction of RE marks its historic entry into the imaging business, the launch of HTC’s new smart phone model – Desire Eye, based on its new innovative imaging technology HTC EYE Experience, shows the company’s intent to strengthen its presence in the imaging segment.
With a 13 mega pixel, dual flash front and rear camera, HTC Desire Eye enables you to take pictures using both the front and the rear camera at the same time. You can also crop your picture automatically using the crop-me-in option. The price of HTC Desire Eye, which will be available in India next month, has not been made public yet.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

BHEL rallies over 4% on Rs 7800 cr contract win for power projectYou are here: Home > Collections > Bhel
BHEL rallies on Rs 7800 cr contract win for power project
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 04.48PM IST
Tags:
ash
(BHEL rallied on Thursday,…)
NEW DELHI: BHEL rallied over 8 per cent in trade on Thursday, after the state-run company said that it has bagged a Rs 7,800 crore contract for setting up a 1,320 MW thermal power project in Tamil Nadu.
Valued at around Rs 7,800 crore, it is an EPC contract (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) from Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd ( TANGEDCO), Bhel said in a statement.
The order is for setting up a 2x660 MW coal-fired thermal power project at Ennore Special Economic Zone in Tamil Nadu, PTI reported.
The power plant will be constructed on a reclaimed ash pond, calling for specialised civil design, utilising an otherwise barren land, added the report.
Bhel's scope of work in the project includes design, engineering, manufacture, supply, construction, erection, testing and commissioning for the EPC Package.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Viceroy Hotels rallies over 9% on stake sale reportsViceroy Hotels rallies over 9% on stake sale reports
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 09.43AM IST
Tags:
Broker
NEW DELHI: Viceroy Hotels Ltd rose as much as 9.4 per cent in trade on Thursday after media reports suggested that the Hyderabad based hotel is looking to sell its entire 40 per cent stake in the upcoming Renaissance Hotel in Bangalore for around Rs 100 crore as it struggles to fund the project, a person familiar with the development said.
At 09:40 a.m.; Viceroy Hotels pared some of the morning gains and was trading 5.8 per cent higher at Rs 20.10. It hit a low of Rs 19.85 and a high of Rs 20.80 in trade today.
"The developer has been unable to fund the project due to lack of resources and inability to follow through on the project investment timelines," the person told ET. Property consultancy CBRE is acting as transaction advisor , the person added.
JP Morgan Fund holds 60% stake in the 277-room hotel project overlooking the landmark Racecourse in Bangalore, which would be managed by the Marriott International under its Renaissance brand.
An email query sent to Viceroy Hotels, in which ace broker Rakesh Jhunjhunwala and family hold 14.64% stake, did not elicit any response as of press time, added the ET report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vadra-DLF deal: no violation  says ECPTI The Election Commission wrote to the BJP late on Wednesday saying the Haryana government had not violated the Model Code of Conduct in a matter relating to Robert Vadra. File photo
TOPICS
national politics
The Election Commission wrote to the BJP late on Wednesday saying the Haryana government had not violated the Model Code of Conduct in a matter relating to Robert Vadra. The BJP alleged that the Haryana government had validated the mutation of land sold to DLF Universal Ltd. by Skylight Hospitality owned by Mr. Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi. The commission said it came to the conclusion on examining reports from government departments.
A report said the decision on the request for renewal and transfer of licence in favour of DLF Ltd. had been pending since October 2012.

Fresh legal trouble for Infosys  whistleblower sues for  retaliationWhistleblower in US sues Infosys for 'retaliation'
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, October 09, 2014
First Published: 08:46 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:51 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
Software giant Infosys has been hit by another lawsuit, by the same whistleblower whose earlier suit cost the company $32 million to settle with US government.
Jack “Jay” Palmer, the whistleblower, filed the new suit in New Jersey state the past week alleging continued retaliation by the company for exposing its misuse of hi-tech visa.
“Infosys’ retaliation continues to this day by putting Mr. Palmer on a blacklist of former employees who are ineligible for rehire,” said the suit filed by his lawyer Maurice R Mitts.
This time, Palmer has sued not only the company but also its top executives — former CEOs NR Narayan Murthy and SD Shibulal and former Global legal head Jeffrey Friedel.
Infosys refuted Palmer's complaint  saying: “Palmer’s current complaint in the United States District Court in New Jersey is a repetition of issues that were tried and dismissed by a federal court in 2012. Palmer resigned in 2013 November and released the company from the charges he has alleged in the complaint. We believe this is without any legal merit and will vigorously defend this complaint. We expect the issues to be resolved at the earliest."

Markets open higher; Nifty reclaims 7 900Markets open higher; Nifty reclaims 7,900
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 09:30 AM IST
Markets opened higher, amid firm global cues, helped by a rebound in information technology shares and gains in capital goods shares led by BHEL.
At 9:30AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 264 points at 26,511 and the 50-share Nifty was up 81 points at 7,923. 
Asian stocks firmed up tracking overnight gains on Wall Street and weakness in the dollar after the minutes of the latest Fed meeting highlighted worries over downside risks to the global economy. Shares in Japan edged higher but a stronger yen capped upside gains. The Nikkei was up 0.5%. Shares in Hong Kong rebounded after recent correction and the Hang Seng was up 1.2% while Shanghai Composite was up 0.1% and Straits Times was up 0.8%.
Major US stock indices surged nearly 2% as the minutes of the September meeting indicated that the US Federal Reserve would not hike interest rates for a "considerable time". The S&P 500 and Nasdaq recorded their biggest single-day gains since October 2013. The Dow Jones ended up 275 points at 16,994.22, the broader S&P 500 ended up 34 points at 1,968.89 and the tech-laden Nasdaq closed 83 points higher at 4,468.59.
"For today the Nifty has to hold above its crucial 7880 levels to see the support base buying action in the market towards 7920-7935 levels. On downside crucial support exists at 7815-7800 zones and below which the market may correct towards 7777-7750 levels. We have IT major INFY results this Friday so traders need to trade cautiously," Anand Rathi Research said in a note.
Infosys rebounded from Wednesday's nearly 5% drop following a downgrade by Citigroup and was trading over 1% higher ahead of its second quarter earnings due tomorrow. TCS was also up nearly 1% while Wipro was up 0.4%. Tech Mahindra was also trading with marginal gains after the sharp correction following a downgrade by Citigroup.
All sectoral indices on the BSE were trading in the green. The BSE Capital Goods index was the top gainer up 1.5% followed by Metal, Realty, Bankex and Healthcare among others.
BHEL was up nearly 4% after the company received a huge EPC order for 2x660MW rating Supercritical Power Project from TN Generation and Distribution Corp Ltd valued at Rs 7,800 crore. L&T was also up 1%.
Pharma shares which witnessed selling pressure following reports of US Congress prive probe also rebounded and were trading with gains. Dr Reddy's Labs, Cipla and Sun Pharma were up 0.8-1.5% each.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were up over 1% each.
Market breadth was strong with 1,220 gainers and 264 losers on the BSE.

US Fed Reserve frets over strong dollar  global woes: MinutesMichael Flaherty and Jonathan Spicer     Washington/New York   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 10:41 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
US Federal Reserve officials want to tie an interest rate rise to economic progress in the United States, but the minutes of their last policy meeting on Sept 16-17 show they are struggling with how to come to grips with the dual threats of a stronger dollar and a global slowdown.
The minutes expressed concern the rising dollar could slow a needed rebound in inflation. The officials also highlighted economic turmoil in Europe and Asia, another factor behind the US central bank's keeping policy accommodation in place for the near future.
The minutes of the Sept 16-17 meeting, released on Wednesday after the usual three-week lag, revealed concern the US financial markets were slightly out of sync with the Fed, and that dropping the current policy guidance could send unintended signals.
In response, investors bid up US stocks and bonds, betting the Fed is in no rush to tighten after years of monetary stimulus. The US dollar, which has risen in the last 12 weeks, hit a two-week low.
"The Fed is becoming increasingly focused on the potential impact of the stronger dollar on the domestic (US) economy at a time when the global growth momentum is beginning to slow, and the uncertainties this is adding to the economic outlook," said Millan Mulraine, deputy head of research and strategy at TD Securities.
Debate within the US central bank heated up over how to adopt a more "data-dependent" policy guidance.
Several policymakers fretted the current guidance that rates will not rise for a "considerable time" after October gave the false impression the stimulus would last a long while. Others worried a change could trip up financial markets and hurt the economy through higher borrowing costs.
The change would "likely present communication challenges" and "caution will be needed to avoid sending unintended signals about the Committee's policy outlook," the minutes said.
The extent of the debate suggests the committee could move as soon as its meeting on October 28-29 to change its description of when it might begin lifting rates from near zero, where they have been since late 2008.
DELICATE DANCE
The minutes also showed concern from a "couple" of participants that the strengthening dollar could hurt the economy and cause longer-term inflation expectations to move slightly lower.
Since the meeting, Fed officials have increasingly flagged the dollar's rise as hindering a rebound. While unemployment dropped to 5.9 per cent in September, inflation measures have eased and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) slashed its global economic growth forecasts on Tuesday.
Some officials cited disappointing growth and inflation in the euro zone, while several said "slower economic growth in China or Japan or unanticipated events in the Middle East or Ukraine might pose a similar risk," the minutes show.
In response, investors bet on a later start to tightening.
"The deceleration of inflation from the spring and the rising strength of the dollar are noteworthy, and may mean the Fed may raise rates later than expected," said Anthony Valeri, investment strategist at LPL Financial.
US 2015 short-term interest rate futures rose to contract highs on Wednesday, suggesting traders saw less than a 50 per cent chance of a rate rise in July 2015, according to CME Group's FedWatch.
Both US Fed and Wall Street economists expect a rate rise to come around mid-2015, but the central bankers expect tightening to be more aggressive than believed by the private sector.
The Fed acknowledged the US market seemed behind in this regard and suggested it could complicate matters when the time comes to raise rates.
(Reuters)

Sensex up over 300 pts  Nifty regains 7 900-markMarket update: Sensex rises 390 points to one-week high on Federal Reserve meet
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 17:06 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Snapping a three-session losing streak, the BSE benchmark Sensex on Thursday surged by 390 points to close at over one-week high on handsome gains in bluechip stocks, BHEL and Hindalco, as US Federal Reserve signalled that there wouldn't be immediate rate hike.
Similarly, the 50-share NSE Nifty regained 7,900 level by rising 117.85 points or 1.5 per cent to its highest level in four days to 7,960.55.
Brokers said the trading sentiment bolstered on the release of minutes of meeting of US Federal Reserve, confirming interest rates would remain low, triggering all-round buying by funds and retail investors.
Globally, mixed closing in choppy trade on the other Asian markets and a higher opening of the European stocks, also influenced the sentiment, they added.
The benchmark BSE 30-share Sensex resumed in positive zone and gathered momentum to touch session's high of 26,688.70, before settling at 26,637.28 - a rise of 390.49 points, or 1.49 per cent. Previously, it had zoomed 480.92 points, or 1.81 per cent on September 18.
The gauge had lost over 383 points in the past three sessions.
Minutes from the Fed's September meeting showed policymakers cautious about rushing into rate hikes, and worried that the dollar is rising too fast.
Besides, appreciating rupee which strengthened to over two-week high to 60.96 (intra-day) against the dollar and easing global crude prices which fell to two-year low, too influenced sentiments, they added.
Buying was strong with all sectoral indices led by capital goods, realty, banking, power and metal ending in positive zone with gains of up to 3.01 per cent.
In the 30-Sensex constituents, 25 ended higher led by BHEL (8.37 per cent), Hindalco (6.01 per cent) and SBI (2.84 per cent), while five shares ended lower led by Wipro (down 0.83 per cent).
Sectorally, auto, bankex and consumer durables were the biggest gainers.
Mr. Jignesh Chaudhary, Head Of Research, Veracity Broking Services said," Equities traded strong for the day with the help of blue chip companies as Asian markets traded positively, with the regional index rising from its lowest level since May as yesterday Fed reserve in its minutes stated that the interest rate will remain near zero for the considerable time after it stops buying assets".
25 scrips out of 30-share sensex pack ended higher while five others finished lower.
Major gainers were BHEL (8.37 pct), Hindalco (6.01 pct) , SBI (2.84 pct), HDFC (2.68 pct), Icici Bank (2.64 pct), Larsen (2.58 pct), Tata Power (2.55 pct), Axis Bank (2.32 pct), Tata Steel (2.31 pct), HDFC Bank (2.25 pct), Tata Motors (1.95 pct), Reliance Industries (1.87 pct), Maruti (1.77 pct), Sun Pharma (1.70 pct), SSLT (1.69 pct), Gail (1.48 pct), Bharti Airtel (1.16 pct) and ONGC (1.13 pct).
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, consumer goods rose by 3.01 pct followed by Realty 2.61 pct, Bankex 2.51 pct, Power 2.25 pct, Metal 1.91 pct, Oil and Gas 1.34 pct and Auto 0.96 pct.
Mid-cap and Small-cap indices also rose by 1.83 pct and 1.59 pct respectively on fresh buying from retail investors.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 1,440.99 crore on Wednesday.
The total market breadth turned positive as 2,015 stocks closed higher while 932 finished lower. Total turnover dropped to Rs 2,665.52 crs from Rs 2,796.49 cr from Wednesday.

Former Pak PM Gilanis son booked after guard guns downcivilianPress Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: October 9, 2014 9:58 am
Pakistan’s former prime minister Yousuf Raza Gilani’s son has been booked in a murder case after his security guard allegedly shot dead a young biker for not clearing the way for “VIP movement” here.
Tanvir Javed told police that his 23-year-old son Tahir Malik was going to Defence area on a motorbike on Wednesday evening when he had a heated exchange with Abdul Qadir, Gilani’s eldest son, and his security guards. “Gilani junior’s guards on a double cabin signaled Tahir to get aside to clear the way for the VIP. As Tahir took a little time to move to extreme left of the road a guard opened fire on him, killing him on the spot,” Javed said.
Following the incident, Javed along with his family placed his son’s body outside the Defence Y Block residence of Yousuf Raza Gilani and demanded registration of a murder case against Qadir and his guards.
Imran Khan’s Pakistan Tahreek-i-Insaf workers also joined the protesters. Imran Khan has declared a “war on VIP culture” in Pakistan.
The protesters shouted slogans against VIP culture. A heavy contingent of police reached the spot to stop protesters from entering Gilani’s house.
After several hours of protest, the police booked Qadir and his five guards under murder and terrorism charges.
“We have arrested one of Mr Qadir’s guards, Muhammad Khan, after registering a case against him and his five guards under sections 302 of Pakistan Penal Code and 7 anti-terrorism act,” senior police officer Haider Ashraf said.
He said the statements of eyewitnesses have been recorded. “We have included the terrorism charges in the FIR as killing someone on the road without any provocation amounts to creating terror in society,” the official explained.
Qadir told police that since his family had been under severe security threats after the kidnapping of his younger brother Ali Haider Gilani in May 2013 his guards opened fire on Tahir mistaking him as “assailant”.
“We offer our deep regret to the family of Tahir,” he said.
The case was apparently registered after Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif took notice of the incident and ordered Lahore police chief to probe the matter.

Facebook founder Zuckerberg in Delhi  to mee...Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg in New Delhi, to meet PM Narendra Modi
ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Facebook
Facebook's billionaire founder Mark Zuckerberg is in New Delhi today. One of the big engagements on his itinerary will be his meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi , a keen supporter of social media as a means of reaching out to people.
For the social network, India is the second-largest market outside the US in terms of users but one that generates little revenue. Zuckerberg would certainly be looking to correct that. ET looks at his India pages.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex rallies on US Fed dovish outlook; top twelve stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex rallies on US Fed dovish outlook; top twelve stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 10.17AM IST
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied as much as 313 points in trade on Thursday tracking Asian markets, which were trading higher after the U.S. Federal Reserve in its latest policy meet reassured investors that the central bank is in no hurry to raise interest rates.
Federal Reserve officials, worried about weak growth overseas, agreed last month that they would begin raising interest rates only when measures of the economy's health and inflation signaled the time was right, said an AP report.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index managed to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 7900, supported by gains in pharma, metal, realty and banking stocks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,530, up 284 points or 1.08 per cent. It touched a high of 26559.60 and a low of 26394.21 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7933, up 90 points or 1.16 per cent. It touched a high of 7935.35 and a low of 7886.50 in trade today.
Here is a list of twelve stocks which are in focus today:
ITC, L&T, ICICI Bank: India plans to raise around 50 billion rupees ($813.4 million) this fiscal year by selling stakes in companies including ITC, Larsen & Toubro and Axis Bank, a senior official with knowledge of policymakers' discussions said on Wednesday.
At 10:00 a.m.; ITC was trading 0.6 per cent higher at Rs 368, L&T was up 1.6 per cent to Rs 1470 and ICICI Bank was trading 1.6 per cent higher at Rs 1474.85.
BHEL: State-run Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd bagged a Rs 7,800 crore contract for setting up a 1,320 MW thermal power project in Tamil Nadu. Valued at around Rs 7,800 crore, it is an EPC contract (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) from Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.5 per cent higher at Rs 209.
Zensar Technologies Ltd: Mid-sized software solutions firm Zensar Technologies said it has signed a multi-million dollar deal with a leading UK-based high street retailer.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 630.55.
Future Lifestyle Fashion Ltd: Future Lifestyle Fashions (FLFL) today said its board has approved issue of equity shares as well as compulsory convertible debentures (CCDs) on preferential basis to raise nearly Rs 175 crore.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 7 per cent higher at Rs 96.65.
BEML: BEML Limited today said it has bagged an order worth Rs 570 crore from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation for the supply of 70 cars.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.7 per cent higher at Rs 603.15.
DCB Bank Ltd: DCB Bank has set issue price for its qualified institutional placement (QIP) at Rs 82.15 per equity share, a discount of 4.9 per cent, to raise funds.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.4 per cent higher at Rs 82.75.
BOSCH Ltd: The workers' strike at Bosch's Bangalore plant over wage revision is set to continue into its fourth week as conciliatory meetings between the management and the union have so far been unable to break the deadlock, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent higher at Rs 14800.
Viceroy Hotels Ltd: Hyderabad based Viceroy Hotels is looking to sell its entire 40% stake in the upcoming Renaissance Hotel in Bangalore for around Rs 100 crore as it struggles to fund the project, a person familiar with the development said.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 5.8 per cent higher at Rs 20.10.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: The consumer affairs ministry is considering legal action against Maruti Suzuki for taking orders for its new mid-size sedan Ciaz even before publicly displaying the car or revealing its technical specifications or price.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 2977.
Kesoram Industries Ltd: BK Birla's Kesoram Industries has embarked upon a massive restructuring exercise which will pave the way for the inventual takeover of the company by Kumar Mangalam Birla.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.2 per cent higher at Rs 127.30.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee jumps 31 paise against dollar in early tradeYou are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Rupee ends day at 61.05 versus US dollar
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 05.03PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Extending its rising streak…)
MUMBAI: The rupee closed the day at 61.09 against the US greenback, after gaining 50 paise to 60.90 per dollar in intraday trade. This was on the back of persistent selling of the American unit by banks and exporters amid bearish dollar overseas and rallying domestic equities.
The rupee had resumed higher at 61.13 per dollar as against yesterday's closing level of 61.40 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange ( Forex ).
In the New York market, the US dollar languished at a two-week low against its major rivals in early trade, having fallen for a third straight session minutes after the US Federal Reserve's last policy meeting which prompted markets to push out the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent comes off 27-mth low  holds above $91 as USD weakensOct 09, 2014, 10.09 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Brent comes off 27-mth low, holds above $91 as USD weakens
Expectations that oil demand could increase towards the end of this month - even though US crude stocks increased more than expected last week - also helped to support prices.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Brent comes off 27-mth low, holds above $91 as USD weakens
Expectations that oil demand could increase towards the end of this month - even though US crude stocks increased more than expected last week - also helped to support prices.
Post your opinion here
 
Brent crude futures held steady above USD 91 a barrel on Thursday, after rebounding from a 27-month low hit in the previous session as the US dollar weakened on the possibility the Federal Reserve could hold off raising interest rates.
Expectations that oil demand could increase towards the end of this month - even though US crude stocks increased more than expected last week - also helped to support prices.
Minutes of the US Fed's last policy meeting released on Wednesday showed signs that concerns about the impact of a strengthening greenback on the economy may delay any decision on interest rate changes.
Low interest rates "might be around for a little bit, which is supportive for commodities, not just oil," said Mark Keenan, head of commodities research in Asia for Societe Generale in Singapore.
A rise in interest rates could tighten money supply which would be negative for commodities trading.
Brent for November delivery was up 5 cents to USD 91.43 by 0406 GMT. The front-month contract fell as low as USD 90.57 on Wednesday, the lowest since June 2012, before recovering to close at USD 91.38 - still down 73 cents.
US November crude climbed 17 cents to USD 87.48 after ending the previous session down USD 1.54. In the previous session, it hit its lowest level since April 2013 at USD 86.83.
"Energy prices should experience some upward push with a weakening dollar as it should be relatively cheaper to purchase energy products," Singapore's Phillip Futures said in a report on Thursday.
A falling greenback makes dollar-denominated commodities such as oil less expensive to holders of other currencies.
The dollar's index against a basket of six major currencies slipped in early Asian trade on Thursday to 85.143, its lowest level in nearly two weeks.
US CRUDE STOCKS
Crude inventories soared a more-than-expected 5 million barrels in the week to Oct. 3, data from the US Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration showed on Wednesday. A build of 1.5 million barrels had been forecast by analysts polled by Reuters.
Some analysts, though, were encouraged by a draw of 1.58 million barrels in crude stocks at the Cushing, Oklahoma, delivery hub.
"We are moving towards seasonal demand for oil which should be supportive for prices. Demand is still low but seasonality should pick it up a little bit," Keenan said.
Increased winter demand for oil should be seen towards the end of this month, he said.
Investors were also keeping an eye on developments in the Middle East where Islamic State fighters on Wednesday launched a renewed assault on Kobani, close to the Syrian-Turkish border, as US and coalition warplanes attacked IS targets in Syria.
Top diplomats from Iran, the European Union and the United States, including US Secretary of State John Kerry, will meet in Vienna next week, to try to make progress towards a long-elusive deal to end a dispute over Tehran's nuclear programme by a Nov. 24 deadline.
RELATED NEWS

Prefer Aditya Birla Nuvo: Sudarshan Sukhani08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " Aditya Birla Nuvo has been in a strong uptrend and there was a correction and that correction was relatively minor compared to the uptrend. It suggests there is a significant amount of strength is in this stock. The chances are that the stock is likely to make lifetime new highs. We want to buy strength."
"Yesterday I suggested that we should go for Maruti Suzuki India . It is doing the same thing, the corrections are so shallow and narrow, it is telling us that much higher levels are coming," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Kesoram Industries stock up 3%Kesoram Industries stock up 3%
Market opens on firm noteMarket opens on firm note
Rupee jumps 31 paise to 61.09 against US dollarRupee jumps 31 paise to 61.09 against US dollar
Sensex trades 280 points higher; Hindalco  Bhel gainSensex trades 280 points higher; Hindalco  Bhel gain
BHEL surges 4% on Rs 7800 crore order from TANGEDCOBHEL surges 4% on Rs 7800 crore order from TANGEDCO
Trend deciding level for day is 26 245/7 843: Angel BrokingTrend deciding level for day is 26 245/7 843: Angel Broking
Speedage Commercials announces change in company secretarySpeedage Commercials announces change in company secretary
Sell Infosys with target of Rs 3590Sell Infosys with target of Rs 3590
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares soar on wings of dovish Fed messageGLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares soar on wings of dovish Fed message
LED bulb worth Rs 10 to be sold by Power MinistryLED bulb worth Rs 10 to be sold by Power Ministry
Rupee up 18 paise Vs dollar at 61.43Updated: October 7, 2014 18:21 IST
Rupee up 18 paise Vs dollar at 61.43
PTI
The Hindu A file picture of Indian currency notes. Photo: V. Sudershan.
TOPICS
foreign exchange market
The rupee on Tuesday ended higher by 18 paise to 61.43 against the dollar on sustained selling of the US currency by banks and exporters.
The local unit resumed higher at 61.41 per dollar as against last Wednesday’s closing level of 61.61 per dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) Market and hovered in a range of 61.3025 and 61.4700 per dollar before finishing at 61.43 per dollar, showing a rise of 18 paise or 0.29 per cent.
“The rupee appreciated to 61.3025, taking cues from the dollar which is at present is trying to recover from Monday's fall in the global market. Investors preferred to book profit in the already elevated dollar,” Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said.
In New York market, US dollar nursed heavy losses on Monday, having suffered its biggest one-day fall in a year as it reversed almost all of its US payrolls-inspired gains.
In the global market on Tuesday, the dollar was a tad higher against the yen in Asia trade early trade, trimming earlier gains after comments by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe about the debilitating effects of a weak yen on households and small and mid-sized companies.
Meanwhile, the BSE benchmark Sensex fell 296.02 points or 1.11 per cent to finish at 26,271.97.
Institutional investors (FPIs/FIIs) pulled out a massive Rs 332.84 crore from domestic markets.

Pre-orders for Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus shine on day oneApple iPhone 6
(EPA PHOTO: Croma was taking…)
NEW DELHI: Apple began taking pre-orders for its much-awaited iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India on Tuesday, with confusion over pricing as well as the mode of bookings and a fierce war among large-format retailers looking to lure potential buyers.
The MobileStore was taking pre-orders for a minimum Rs 1,000 but for delivery between October 18 and 24, while those booking with the full amount were assured of delivery latest by October 18. Tata Group's Croma in central Delhi was taking pre-orders at 30% of the retail price and promising delivery on October 18, while Spice's Hot Spot was taking orders for just Rs 500, even as customer inquiries for pre-bookings poured in. These retailers are offering EMI schemes as well.
Executives at the stores declined to put a number to the pre-booking orders received on Day One. Two large-format retail stores in south Delhi refused to take pre-orders, citing lack of clarity on the stocks that they will get from Apple.
"I have advised customers to come back on October 15 evening or 16, by when I would have more clarity on what stocks I will get. If I take a specific order and the money for it today, and don't get it from Apple, I will face an awkward situation," the owner of one of the two stores said.
However, executives at Infibeam, the sole authorised online retail partner of Apple for iPhones in India, said that more than 1,300 pre-orders had been placed till 6 pm—mostly for the smaller iPhone 6--indicating a far greater interest than the company anticipated.
"The iPhone 6 128 GB is the most popular pre-booked model," said an executive at Infibeam. The website is offering equal monthly installment (EMI) options beginning from Rs 2,594 for a two-year period in tie-ups with ICICI Bank , HDFC Bank , Axis Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank .
Infibeam said it plans to all deliver all pre-booked devices in metro cities and towns on October 17 itself, the day sales start.
Mala Sharma, a marketing specialist, pre-booked the iPhone 6 Plus 128 GB model on the first day by paying Rs 80,500, the official price of the device, through Imagine Store, Apple's premium reseller at Saket in South Delhi.
"I had the option of paying just Rs 1,000 to pre-book the device, but then they were not ensuring the delivery of the device on October 17 itself," Sharma said. "I paid the entire amount so that I get the device at the earliest."
Cupertino-based Apple will sell the smartphones in three storage variants through its official distribution partners Redington, Ingram Micro and Rashi Peripherals. The 4.7-inch 16 GB iPhone 6 will cost Rs 53,500, the 64 GB variant at Rs 62,500 and the 128 GB model at Rs 71,500, according to Redington's website. The 5.5-inch screen iPhone 6 Plus 16 GB variant will be priced at Rs 62,500, 64 GB model at Rs 71,500 and the 128 GB one at Rs 80,500.
The day began with confusion as some large-format retailers complained that they hadn't received the exact pricing from the distributors till around mid-day. Some said they hadn't received the coupons from Apple that were to be given to those who pre-booked a device.
According to two large-format retailers that ET spoke to, Apple has begun a system of issuing coupons to retailers who will give one to each customer who pre-books an iPhone in the days before the deliveries begin on October 17. The coupon replaces the physical purchase receipt that the retailer used to give to customers during pre-bookings in previous launches.
"I came to this store, but no one knows how to go about pre-booking. They don't even have the final prices," said Ashish Mehta, a 26-year-old employee at an IT firm who had come to a central Delhi retail store. He finally managed to book an iPhone 6 at around 4 pm.
The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models are also on sale on e-commerce portals Amazon and Flipkart at no discounts but offering a year-long manufacturer warranty. Flipkart can sell iPads and iPods, officially, on its marketplace.
The marketplaces are also offering equal monthly installment schemes, the lowest being offered by Citibank at Rs 2,595 for a two-year period at 15% interest for the 16 GB iPhone 6 that costs Rs 53,500. Flipkart has tied up with nine leading banks for EMI options while Amazon has tied up with Citibank, Amex, ICICI and HDFC Bank.
The sites did not share the number of pre-orders placed on the first day.
Amit Pahl, a Delhi businessman, has pre-booked an iPhone 6 on Flipkart. "I am super excited to get the latest iPhone. I already have an iPhone 4S, but need a bigger iPhone."
However, industry insiders caution that consumers buying from these sites should bear in mind that some third-party resellers listed on the e-commerce portals may not be genuine or may not have acquired the devices legitimately. "If the phones are not legitimately imported into India, Apple will not honour the warranty promised by the reseller," a person aware of details told ET.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bidding hot for Apple iPhone 6 prototypeBidding hot for Apple iPhone 6 prototype
By AFP | 7 Oct, 2014, 11.23AM IST
"Apple does NOT let these phones out of their possession yet I was accidentally sent one upon renewing my contract," a description posted on eBay by the seller said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Bidding for a rare prototype of Apple's new-generation iPhone 6 neared a whopping $100,000 on eBay Monday, after the device appeared to have accidentally landed in a buyer's hands.
"Apple does NOT let these phones out of their possession yet I was accidentally sent one upon renewing my contract," a description posted on eBay by the seller said.
"This is the real deal." Bidding for the silver iPhone 6 prototype with 64 gigabytes of memory had reached $99,800 with 198 bids logged by late Monday morning in California, where Apple is headquartered.
The seller, identified in online reports as a US man, described the iPhone as running in "true developer mode" on testing software called "SwitchBoard" and not on Apple's latest iOS 8 operating system.
Bidders are warned that there is no guarantee the iPhone will make calls or that the camera will function. Shipping will be free given the dizzying rise in bidding, which is slated to end on October 9.
The device was plugged into an iTunes account and recognized as an iPhone, the description said.
The winning bidder is promised the device, box, charger and headphones, along with the device's paperwork.
"I would like to reiterate that this phone is being sold in As-Is condition," the seller stressed.
"The only reason you may return this device is if the device arrives DOA," or dead on arrival.

Sesa Expects Goa Iron Ore Mining to Resume by January/FebruaryYou are here: Home Corporates
Sesa Expects Goa Iron Ore Mining to Resume by January/February
Reuters | Updated On: October 08, 2014 10:45 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New Delhi: Sesa Sterlite Ltd said iron ore mining in Goa may resume by January to February, a later-than-expected start that will restrict the India's exports of the steel-making raw material to the lowest level in decades.
Sesa is India's top private iron ore mining company with most of its operations in Goa, the biggest iron ore exporting state where no mining has taken place since September 2012 due to action against illegal mining.
"Based on recent public comments by the government of Goa, it's now probably realistic to assume mining to start by January to February at the earliest," Tom Albanese, chief executive of Vedanta Resources that controls Sesa, told Reuters in an email late on Tuesday.
This indicates a four- to five-month delay versus initial expectations for a restart in September.
Albanese added that India's high export duty amid record low prices for iron ore was an "economic barrier to mining".
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

How India didn t rule the worldEYE BROWSE
Imperium Indicum, Or How India Didn’t Rule The World
In his recent speech televised on Doordarshan, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat alluded to a part of Indian history rarely invoked by his tribe: the conquests of the monarch from the south, Rajendra Chola. Here’s why this is so astonishing, and here’s why this grand vision of Indian culture-as-empire is at odds with what history tells us.
By Siddhartha Sarma | Grist Media –  Wed 8 Oct, 2014
Print
(Photo: IANS)
A lot has been said against Doordarshan televising Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat’s Dussehra speech on October 3. The usual critics have questioned this perceived promotion of the Sangh’s ideology. Since every government in the past has permitted its ideologues to use the state-owned channel for broadcasts, there is no reason to oppose it now without being hypocritical. It is the sub-text of his speech, however, that shows how difficult it is for political Hinduism to appropriate Indian history to its ends.
Bhagwat’s speech was mainly a pious rehash of India’s role as guru to a fractured world, that the models followed by the West and the rest were inadequate guides for mankind (as seen, he said, in how the ISIS was created by the venality of the West). This is not a new concept: indeed, the re-moulding of India’s self-image is based on an assumption that Hinduism has the answers to the various crises that face civilizations today. To give him due credit, Bhagwat acknowledged that India has much to learn from the West, but these lessons, predictably, will be along materialistic lines. In cultural, ideological and what passes for spiritual matters, we have, we are told, to only give to other nations.
Now, it is apparent that Bhagwat is more politically astute than the Sangh leadership in the recent past, and he has very little patience for any dabbling in religious matters. We are witnessing a clear iteration of political Hinduism here, an ideology based on re-imagined and revised Indian history.
It is no coincidence that he chose to begin by invoking the spirit of the Chola emperor Rajendra (we assume the First, and not the Third, who presided over the empire’s disintegration). “The Dussehra celebrations this year are special because they mark a thousand years of the reign of Rajendra Chola, who spread Indian culture overseas, particularly in South-east Asia,” he said. Considering that Indian school history textbooks have criminally neglected South Indian history, and empire-builders from the north have been given a larger share of the national consciousness, it is refreshing to hear an eulogic mention of the Cholas.
A part of this, certainly, has to do with the Sangh’s renewed assault on the Tamil regionalist bastion. But it also has to do with political Hinduism’s search for a legitimate international empire.
Appropriation and revision of Indian history is as venerable a Sangh tradition as the Sarsanghchalak’s annual speech. Till recently, it was limited to Hindu figures seen as opponents of Islamic expansion: Shivaji, the Ranas Sangram Singh and Pratap, the Vijaynagar Empire, the Sikhs.
This has lately expanded to more obscure and reimagined ones: Gaidinliu, the 20th century Naga cult leader who the Sangh claims was a Hindu revivalist, and Emperor Hemchandra or Hemu as he is better known, who very briefly ruled from Delhi between the Sur Dynasty and the return of the Mughals in the mid-16th century. Rajendra Chola is now officially part of this second, newer narrative: culture as empire and not just as defensive action in the face of reverses. In short, let’s talk expansion now. The problem here is, historically, cultural influence has not always walked down the aisle with political supremacy, and certainly not Indian culture.
Consider, then, the Cholas. There is much to be learnt from them, because they oversaw India’s only overseas expansion. Between the 9th and the 11th centuries, Chola naval might extended to the Maldives, northern Sri Lanka, Indonesia and the Strait of Molucca.
However, this expansion cannot be seen merely through the conventional prism of political control. Most Chola campaigns in South-east Asia involved the capture and control of seaports and harbours, and not of imperial rule further inland. Successful medieval monarchs, regardless of which part of the world you might look at, were more pragmatic than we might give them credit for, and the Cholas were extraordinarily prescient in understanding the nature of the Indian Ocean trade routes, such as the choke-point at Molucca for all China-bound shipping. Controlling the Strait of Molucca, between south-western Malaysia and north-eastern Sumatra was the key to gaining from the sea trade to China.
Bhagwat’s reference to the Cholas was as prologue to what he sees as India’s natural role as guiding light to the world. This conflation of political dominance with cultural influence, impressive as it sounds, is clearly not the case with the Cholas. For Indic civilization had already been internalized in South-East Asia by then.
Here’s an instance: in 1025, the Khmer Empire in today’s Cambodia asked the Cholas for help against the Tambralinga kingdom in Malaysia, and their allies the Srivijaya city-state of today’s Sumatra. These are not merely Indic-sounding names: the Khmers were Shaivites, as were the Cholas, while their enemies were Mahayana Buddhists, although this was an incidental cause to a mainly economic conflict. Southeast Asia had thoroughly internalized Indian culture, language and religious systems for nearly seven hundred years by then. The extent of cultural and diplomatic relationships these kingdoms and empires inherited is impressive by any standard: the Srivijayans had even financed a monastery or two at Nalanda, which was under the Palas.
A lot of India’s overseas influence in these maritime civilizations was because of Tamil seamanship and mercantile influence in the centuries preceding the rise of the Cholas. For their part, Rajendra Chola’s dynasty encouraged the increased sophistication of Tamil merchant guilds like the Ayyavole. One wishes these achievements were mentioned more in our school textbooks.
In short, the Cholas did not market Indian culture to South-East Asia, nor did they bring a form of pax Indica on the back of their impressive blue-water navies. To conflate political expansion with cultural influence is, for one, to ignore South India’s role in the preceding centuries in spreading Indian culture overseas through non-military means.
Equally important, this re-imagined correlation between “soft” and “hard” power is more applicable to Western colonial interventions or, even more accurately, to Islamic expansion. In the colonial period, naval or land-based supremacy went in conjunction with culture, political systems and commerce. Islamic expansion, meanwhile, was predicated on the nature of the religion itself, where political supremacy was – and is – intimately connected with faith and all the cultural values of peninsular Arabia.
India’s cultural legacy, or what little of it remains in South-east Asia, does not work that way. Nor should it. Chola campaigns had only marginal long-term impact even next door, in Sri Lanka, where Sinhalese Buddhism became a rallying point and a political force afterwards, or in the Maldives, whose Buddhist traditions would soon be subsumed to Islam. It was only in places where Indic culture was most strongly internalized before the Cholas that Hinduism or Buddhism survived against Islam, such as in Thailand or Cambodia, while Srivijayan Buddhist Sumatra is just a trace of memory.
By attempting to connect Indian culture with the subcontinent’s only successful naval expansion project, of course, Bhagwat was trying to add to the discourse emerging today, trying to add a patina of conquest to the traditional received wisdom of Indian cultural superiority. After all, cultural lessons are great as heritage; they must certainly be better if they are seen to be accompanied by real might, real navies, exciting stories of conquest. The reduction of Indian culture’s presence in the region by seven hundred years seems a trivial trade-off.
So, why be concerned about a nifty bit of historical revisionism? Indian ideologues from the Left and the Right do it all the time, after all. But it is of importance. The idea of culture-as-empire is a heady narcotic, particularly today when Indians seek to define their country’s role in terms and analogies borrowed from other systems and structures. It is no coincidence that political Hinduism’s attempt at homogenizing the multiple strands of Indian culture or religious texts into a single acceptable narrative mirrors the limited horizons of Islamic polity. The difference is, Islamic polity has always been constrained by its religious limitations and predatory instincts. Indic cultural traditions have not.
A lot of talk has been expended on India’s soft power today and Bollywood’s dubious increased reach in the West. Leaving apart the few takers for the exotic and the unusual, or the intrepid seekers of a romantic transcendence in mysterious India, the question of this country’s relevance to the rest of the world needs to be answered by meeting the world on mutually understandable terms, through universal languages like commerce, science and literature.
Seeking Indian cultural glory through empire, or re-imagining Indian history through modern notions is, therefore, a contradictory task. On the one hand, ideologues run the risk of politicizing a way of life that has been resolutely apolitical for most of its history. For another, as seen in the Chola example, we might end up ignoring the far deeper roots of India in the neighbourhood, roots that were spread long before empires contested over them.
Siddhartha Sarma is a journalist, writer and medieval military historian.
Recommend

Consumer goods makers like LG suspend sales to FlipkartLG suspends sales to Flipkart; consumer goods makers considering legal action for "predatory pricing"
By TNN | 8 Oct, 2014, 10.45AM IST
0
Share More
Sony India was miffed at the huge discounts being offered online when compared to prices at the bricks-and-mortar stores, which account for over 90% of overall sales.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: It may have sent the cash registers ringing, but the bumper 'Big Billion Day Sale' online splash by Flipkart has pitched the country's largest e-tailer head-on against top consumer goods players such as Samsung, Sony and LG, some of whom have suspended fresh sales to the online retailer and are even considering legal action for what they term as "predatory pricing".
Further, a senior executive said his company, which deals in white goods, may not be able to provide warranty on some of the products that are sold through e-tailing platforms. "These goods are being sold through unauthorized channel partners, which is like buying from the grey market. How can we provide a service cover?"
Irked at the "market-distorting" discounts that the e-retailers offered on Monday, which severely impacted the business of brick-and-mortar retailers, some companies have decided to suspend supplies to Flipkart till the time they get an undertaking that prices will not be slashed to "unrealistic" levels.
"This is a clear case of predatory pricing just to shoot up traffic at their website, and build up valuations unrealistically. This is not acceptable and we will ensure that this does not happen again," a top functionary at one of the big companies said.
LG, the consumer appliances major, has decided to not deal with the e-retailers at all. "We do not deal with them directly, and they are not our authorized trade partners," Sanjeev Agarwal, VP (sales) at LG Electronics India, told TOI here.
Sony India was also miffed at the huge discounts being offered online when compared to prices at the bricks-and-mortar showrooms, which still account for over 90% of overall sales. "The hygiene has to be maintained in terms of pricing. We will hold discussions with the online retailers to look at the way forward and ensure that the pricing is realistic," Sunil Nayyar, head of sales at Sony India, said.
A top company decided to pull the plug on Flipkart after what it termed as the "Monday Fiasco". "They are not playing fair. They are damaging our brand and killing the organized retail, which provides livelihood to lakhs of people," said a senior official with an electronics major.
Some of the companies are considering legal action. "We will definitely seek legal opinion. They are damaging our brand. We want to know what the modus operandi is and how are they able to sell below the cost price."
Rachna Nath, who tracks retail and consumer sectors at PwC India, said online retail is here to stay, though its current share is less than 5% of the overall market. "It is still not a threat to traditional retailers. But, it is a shift that is happening. Thus, companies will need to build their strategies while taking this into consideration."
Companies are under severe pressure from their traditional retail partners, who are up in arms against the online retailers. Heavy discounting by the e-tailers in the middle of the big-volume festive season has impacted their business badly.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sitharaman: Govt will look into Nokia Chennai plant suspension issueCommerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman
New Delhi, Oct 8:  
With global giant Nokia announcing suspension of its Chennai mobile plant operations, the Centre today said it will look into the issue and make efforts to ensure that such incidents do not occur again.
“We will certainly see how best (such) matter doesn’t occur again and we will encourage ‘Make In India’ campaign,” Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said here.
Sitharaman, who is also Minister of State for Finance and Corporate Affairs, was responding to queries on Nokia announcing suspension of its plant and whether it will affect the government’s recently launched ‘Make In India’ campaign.
“This is an issue specifically related to a particular company and there is an issue on that. We are seized of the matter. We will look at it,” she said.
On Tuesday, telecom firm Nokia Corp announced suspension of operations at its Chennai mobile handset plant from November 1 after Microsoft terminated an agreement to buy mobiles from the unit.
The company had said that the asset freeze imposed by the tax department prevents Nokia from exploring potential opportunities for the transfer of the factory to a successor to support the long term viability of the established, fully functional electronics manufacturing ecosystem.
The Finnish firm was forced to keep the factory out of a $7.5 billion deal for sale of its handset business to Microsoft Corp, due to tax dispute with Indian authorities.
Tax authorities allege that Nokia avoided paying taxes by wrongfully claiming an exemption on software exports. Nokia has challenged the claims of tax department in courts.
Nokia started manufacturing at Chennai plant in January 2006 and exported products to overseas markets, including the Middle East and Africa, Asia, Australia and New Zealand.
According to Nokia India Employees Union, there are about 900 employees still working at the factory. Following the Nokia-Microsoft deal, the voluntary retirement scheme was offered for employees and 5,700 of them opted for it, from the total of 6,600.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Sensex  Nifty close flat; IT pharma tank  banks gainOct 08, 2014, 03.53 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty close flat; IT & pharma tank, banks gain
Infosys, Tata Steel, Force Motors, SBI, Larsen and Toubro, Tech Mahindra and Apollo Tyres were most active shares on exchanges.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty close flat; IT & pharma tank, banks gain
Infosys, Tata Steel, Force Motors, SBI, Larsen and Toubro, Tech Mahindra and Apollo Tyres were most active shares on exchanges.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30pm Market Closing
The market closed marginally lower amid consolidation with the Sensex falling 25.18 points to 26246.79 and the Nifty losing 9.70 points to 7842.70.
Shares of Infosys, Dr Reddy's Labs, Sun Pharma, Wipro, Cipla and Tech Mahindra topped the selling list, down 2.5-5 percent while Tata Steel, Larsen and Toubro, ONGC, NTPC, BHEL, DLF, IndusInd Bank and BPCL surged 2-5 percent.
In the midcap space, BF Utilities, Jindal Saw, GSFC, Page Industries and Punj Lloyd climbed 5-10 percent whereas Natco Pharma, CARE, JK Lakshmi Cement, Hexaware Tech and Trinity Trade fell 5-7 percent.
02:55pm Interview
Maxwell Industries has been in the limelight on the news that the company, which is engaged in manufacturing and marketing of innerware, has decided to sell their non-operative unit in Navi Mumbai. The stock succumbed to some profit booking today post a stellar rally on Tuesday.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, R Venkatraman, CFO & COO, Maxwell Industries, said the deal is for Rs 9 crore and the company is in the process of liquidating all its non-core businesses. He said the company will now be focusing more on the garmenting business and brand-building.
From this fund, the debt will get released, said Venkatraman adding that the company does not have any long-term debt on books, except the working capital borrowing. He expects to book profit of Rs 7 crore from the deal.
02:25pm Stake sale
India plans to raise around Rs 5,000 (USD 813.4 million) this fiscal year by selling stakes in companies including ITC, Larsen & Toubro and Axis Bank, a senior official with knowledge of policymakers' discussions said.
The sales could be made through an exchange traded fund that could be launched before the end of March, the official told Reuters, requesting anonymity as he is not authorised to speak to the media.
The ETF would be made up of the government's stakeholdings in up to ten companies, including stakes in companies held through an offshoot of the Unit Trust of India known as SUUTI.
The government holds 11.27 percent in ITC, 8.18 percent in L&T and 11.66 percent in Axis Bank through SUUTI.
SUUTI, which stands for Specified Undertaking of The Unit Trust of India, said in a statement that it has invited bids from asset management companies to help it set up the ETF.
02:00pm Market Check
The market remained marginally under pressure amid volatility. The Sensex fell 51.11 points to 26220.86 and the Nifty declined 15.95 points to 7836.45.
The broader markets declined too with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices losing 0.2-0.4 percent. Declining shares outnumbered advancing ones by a ratio of 1505 to 1233 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
India looks extremely favourable moving into FY15, says Adrian Mowat of JPMorgan. He expects India to outperform even in FY16, saying India is likely to get disproportionate flows this year and next.
The rupee traded marginally higher as sentiment improved after positive growth forecast from the IMF. However, weakness in equities limited the upmove.
Oil marketing stocks like BPCL, HPCL and IOC surged 3-5% on hopes that diesel profitability will rise as Brent crude prices are almost 20 percent lower from their 2014 highs. Analysts say that every rise of 50 paise per litre in the diesel margin for the full year will improve FY15 earnings per share for OMCs between 19 to 43 percent.
Infosys, Tata Steel, Force Motors, SBI, Larsen and Toubro, Tech Mahindra and Apollo Tyres were most active shares on exchanges.
13:00

Flipkart under fire from Future Group for selling below cost priceFuture Group's Kishore Biyani, vendors accuse Flipkart of undercutting to destroy competition
Shambhavi Anand & Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 01.44PM IST
Tags:
Arvind Lifestyle Brands
(Online vendors alleged…)
MUMBAI | NEW DELHI: A day after Flipkart recorded its biggest single-day sale of $100 million, top online retailers came under fire from offline rival Future Group as well as vendors using online marketplaces for selling products at below cost price on the back of foreign funding.
While the country's largest listed retailer Future Group accused online marketplaces such as Flipkart of adopting anti-competitive strategy by selling products below cost price, merchants who sell through these online marketplaces alleged that these sites are causing vendors to bleed by compelling them to sell products at lower than their buying prices.
"How can someone sell products below its manufacturing price? This is legally not allowed in the country. Someone can do such undercutting only to destroy competition. Just because they have foreign funding, they can't kill local trade like that," said Kishore Biyani , founder of Future Group.
He said there will be a movement by brands and retailers that will criticise these online retailers.
Future Group on Tuesday took a potshot at Flipkart's Big Billion Day sale of Monday by releasing an advertisement saying no deal can win the trust of a billion people and one has to earn it. "You can't take the nation for granted even for a day," said the ad, adding that Future Group stocks enough for everyone to buy and gives genuine offers and sales.
Policy to Regulate Pricing
Online vendors alleged that Flipkart and other big e-retailers are enjoying venture capital and FDI funds and are compelling vendors to sell at big discounts. Vendors also have to bear expenses such as delivery, shipment and return, reducing their margins even further.
"Online portals are causing the vendors to bleed by selling products at prices which are lower than the buying prices of the vendor," said Rahul Suri, convenor at the Online Vendors Association of India .
The association plans to create a forum for online vendors and develop a clear online vendor policy to regulate pricing and avoid such price disparity.
Manoj Kumar, who sells electronic goods online, said, "Online stores with their unfair business practices are killing the normal business of a vendor.
A laptop which I buy at Rs 58,000 was being sold on one of these marketplaces at Rs 51,000. There is no way I can match that offer." Vendors said that for the Big Billion Day Sale Flipkart had asked them to give discounts of 50% or more.
Flipkart did not respond to ET's email queries on these allegations as of press time.
Future Group Formula
Flipkart's latest initiative is reminiscent of Big Bazaar , the country's largest supermarket, when it started the concept of huge discounting across product categories around public holidays eight years ago that sometimes led to some of its outlets downing their shutters temporarily as the crowd became uncontrollable.
Currently, Future Group is running a 12-day sale that took off on October 1. "While it's too early to gauge festive demand, early indications in terms of sales has been average and there hasn't been any major impact from online sales," Biyani said.
Won't Match Online Offers
Brick-and-mortar retailers said the online sales are not at the cost of their festival season demand, and most of them have no plans to match the online offers.
"We are currently running a festive period offer, where upon shopping for a minimum value, customers get assured gift vouchers redeemable on their subsequent purchase. We have also tied up with banks to offer additional incentives to card holders," said Kabir Lumba, managing director at Lifestyle International , which expects strong double-digit growth in the festive season.
Nirzar Jain, VP, mall at Oberoi Realty, said most brands will be sold at full price. "While there will be usual offers and deals, the period will be about selling latest merchandise," he said.
J Suresh, MD of Arvind Lifestyle Brands , said, "We don't see any impact in apparel as Diwali generally brings new buyers in the stores which online players aren't targeting so aggressively. Also, we have an advantage of newer collections which isn't discounted even online."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Samsung  Apple to spend Rs 200 crore on promotionsSamsung, Apple jostle for advertising space; duo to spend Rs 200 crore on promotions
ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 07.14AM IST
(According to trade partners…)
KOLKATA | MUMBAI: The stakes couldn't be higher for Apple and Samsung this Diwali as they unleash their newest devices — the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will be ranged against the Galaxy Alpha and Note 4.
Both companies will hurl almost everything they have in their advertising budget into a short, sharp burst of promotions as they seek to influence buyers seen to be emerging from slump-induced austerity — car sales for instance have picked up in the last five months. Diwali falls on October 23.
As much as Rs 200 crore will be pumped into ads for the four products. According to trade partners and media planners, Samsung has lined up around Rs 100-120 crore on a big-bang launch of the two devices.
Q3 Earnings to Plunge 60%: Samsung
Apple is going to spend around a70-80 crore along with its two telecom partners, Reliance and Airtel. Experts say this is among the highest amounts spent on new launches in India fs consumer goods industry. The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch screen, the same as the Galaxy Alpha, while the 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch display compared with the Note 4 fs 5.7-inch size.
The South Korean company has booked front-page jackets in all leading newspapers and primetime spots on television channels well in advance, forcing Apple to focus more on digital media and below-the-line activities such as in-store branding and product demonstrations that will be extended even to some small, neighbourhood stores.
Apple's media agency and company officials are also negotiating for prime space in leading newspapers. gSamsung has progressively increased their booking of advertisement spots during Diwali and they have indeed picked up huge ad inventory, h said a senior sales executive at a leading broadcaster with multiple television channels across genres.
To be sure, Samsung needs to push products harder to gain an edge over Apple because of the US company fs skill at creating a media splash and generating public interest in its products. Meanwhile, Samsung also needs to counter the slowing demand for high-end phones, given the perception that newer devices in the high-price band only offer incremental advances. That trend has been bolstered by Chinese companies such as Xiaomi offering phones with advanced features at lower price tags. Such phones also include those made by Motorola and Micromax besides the recently launched Android One handsets.
In fact, parent Samsung Electronics warned on Tuesday that its thirdquarter earnings would plunge 60% from the year before because of competition from Chinese rivals, Bloomberg reported.
"It appears that Samsung has been cutting prices to maintain market share but has lost market share anyway," analyst Richard Windsor told Bloomberg. "If market share continues to fall... Samsung will come closer to joining the long-suffering ranks of every other Android handset maker."
Samsung will also be keen to avoid the fate of Nokia, once the world's leading cellphone maker, which was unable to cope with competition as iPhones and devices made by the South Korean company gained popularity. In 2013, Apple spent $1.29 billion (or 0.6% of sales) globally on marketing campaigns compared with Samsung's $14 billion (5.4% of sales), although this includes spending for the latter's vast range of electronics goods such as televisions and appliances.
At the premium end, Samsung's last major release, the Galaxy S5, failed to generate high demand. According to the latest figures from market tracker IDC, Samsung's share of the Indian smartphone market dipped from 31% in the second quarter last year to 29% in the same period this year. As per estimates, Apple is the market leader in the Rs 30,000-plus smartphone segment in India, controlling almost half the market followed by Samsung with around 25% share.
"In the premium segment, Samsung is facing intense competition as most of the international device vendors have aggressively revised their pricing strategies," said Karan Thakkar, senior market analyst, client devices, at IDC. "On the other hand, in the affordable segment, most of the international brands are challenged by Indian and Chinese vendors, who attach a value-formoney proposition. The latest price reduction by Samsung for most of its products is one step to retain the leadership position."
A senior executive with a leading retail chain said Samsung would price the Alpha and Note 4 cheaper than Apple's two new devices to get the attention of consumers.
"Since Monday, after Apple announced the India launch of the new iPhones, the Samsung sales force has been meeting all trade partners to boost confidence in the two new models. In the same way it wants to bombard consumers with far more communication than Apple for topof-the-mind recall," he said. Samsung and Apple will be deploying the bulk of their ad budget for the year in a short period, a reflection of how critically both sides regard Diwali sales.

Infosys falls nearly 5 per cent on downgrade; m-cap down Rs 10K crore4
0
Mumbai: Shares of IT services major Infosys lost 5 per cent on Wednesday, wiping-out Rs 10,341.31 crore from its market capitalisation, after Citigroup downgraded India's second largest software exporter.
The company's stock settled 4.70 per cent lower at Rs 3,650.20 on the BSE. During the day, it plunged 4.88 per cent to Rs 3,643.25. At the NSE, the scrip ended 4.73 per cent down at Rs 3,650.25.
Ahead of Infosys' July-September quarter earnings announcement, global financial services major Citigroup has downgraded the stock to 'neutral' from 'buy'. The stock was the biggest loser among the 30-Sensex blue- chips, dragging the BSE IT sector index by 3.44 per cent.
The company's stock settled 4.70 per cent lower at Rs 3,650.20 on the BSE.
#infosys #bse #nse #sensex
Following the dip in the stock, the company's market value tumbled Rs 10,341.31 crore to Rs 2,09,607.69 crore. In terms of volume, 1.64 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while more than 25 lakh shares were traded at the NSE during the day.
Besides, Tech Mahindra and MindTree also faced selling pressure, down 4.53 per cent and 3.88 per cent respectively on the BSE. Meanwhile, the broader market was also sluggish with the benchmark Sensex falling 25.18  points to settle at 26,246.79.
0

Sharad Pawar criticises PM Modi for lowering the dignity of the Prime Minister s officeMaharashtra: Shiv Sena ready to go with BJP's choice of CM
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Apple sends out invites for October 16 event  new iPads  Macs expectedOct 09, 2014 at 06:26am IST
Apple sends out invites for October 16 event, new iPads, Macs expected
47
1
San Francisco: Apple on Wednesday sent out invitations to an October 16 event expected to spotlight updates to its line of iPad tablet computers.
The gathering is set for an auditorium on Apple's main campus in the Silicon Valley city of Cupertino and comes on the heels of a major launch of large-screen iPhones.
Apple trackers believe that the company will pull back the curtain on thinner iPads with ramped up capabilities including Touch ID fingerprint recognition that could work with mobile wallet software introduced along with iPhone 6 models that recently hit the market.
Apple's iPad event will take place a day before Apple begins selling its latest iPhones in China and India.
#apple #ipad #mac #macbook air
Apple is also expected to unveil new Mac models at the event.
The iPad event will take place a day before Apple begins selling its latest iPhones in China and India.
Apple launched the large-screen iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on September 19 and has rolled the smartphones out to an array of countries.
Apple, which popularized tablets with its iPad, remained the largest single global vendor in the second quarter but its market share fell to 26.9 percent from 33 percent last year, as Android makers boosted their share, according to the research firm IDC.
152

Asian Shares Rebound After Fed Renews Dovish CredentialsYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Rebound After Fed Renews Dovish Credentials
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 07:27 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
New York:
Asian shares bounced back and the dollar fell on Thursday after minutes of the US Federal Reserve's latest policy meeting showed policymakers have some concerns about downside risks to the global economy and the dollar's strength.
Japan's Nikkei share average rose 0.8 per cent while MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.5 per cent.
The minutes of the Fed's September 16-17 meeting showed officials are struggling with how to come to grips with the dual threats of a stronger dollar and a global slowdown as they seek an eventual exit from low interest rates.
"The overall tone of the minutes was that the Fed will manage its policy so as not to damage a fragile economy, paying attention to various downside risks," said Tohru Yamamoto, chief fixed income strategist at Daiwa Securities.
"There's absolutely no indication of an early rate hike," he added.
US interest rate futures reacted vividly to the minutes, with June 2015 eurodollar interest rate futures hitting a contract high as traders scaled back expectations that the Fed will raise rates by June.
The rate sensitive two-year US Treasury note yield hit a seven-week low of 0.444 per cent. The 30-year bond yield dropped to a 17-month low of 3.039 per cent.
US stocks soared on Wednesday, with major indexes posting their biggest one-day jumps of 2014, reversing falls earlier in the session to their lowest levels since August.
In the currency market, where the dollar had gained sharply over the past three months on the perception that higher US rates down the road will attract more funds, investors also quickly rushed out of dollar-buying positions.
The dollar's index against a basket of six major currencies slipped to 85.198, its lowest level in nearly two weeks, having fallen 1.8 per cent from its four-year high of 86.746 hit on Friday. It last stood at 85.218.
As the dollar wilted, the euro recovered to two-week high of $1.2749, despite a run of weak German data earlier this week, such as industrial output having biggest fall since January 2009. The euro last stood at $1.2724.
Against the yen, the US currency traded at 108.16 yen, not far from three-week low of 107.75 yen touched on Wednesday.
The British pound stood at $1.6160, off an 11-month low of $1.5943 hit on Monday, ahead of the Bank of England's policy announcement later in the day. The bank is expected to keep rates steady near record lows.
Elsewhere, US crude oil prices hit a 1 1/2-year low of $86.83 per barrel while Brent oil, European benchmark, hit a two-year low of $91.00.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

BHEL bags Rs 7 800 crore contract for power projectOct 09, 2014, 08.51 AM IST  | Source: PTI
BHEL bags Rs 7,800 crore contract for power project
Valued at around Rs 7,800 crore, it is an EPC contract (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) from Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd (TANGEDCO), Bhel said in a statement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BHEL bags Rs 7,800 crore contract for power project
Valued at around Rs 7,800 crore, it is an EPC contract (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) from Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd (TANGEDCO), Bhel said in a statement.
Post your opinion here
 
State-run Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited  on Wednesday bagged a Rs 7,800 crore contract for setting up a 1,320 MW thermal power project in Tamil Nadu.
Valued at around Rs 7,800 crore, it is an EPC contract (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) from Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd (TANGEDCO), Bhel said in a statement.
The order is for setting up a 2x660 MW coal-fired thermal power project at Ennore Special Economic Zone in Tamil Nadu.
The power plant will be constructed on a reclaimed ash pond, calling for specialised civil design, utilising an otherwise barren land.
The equipment for the contract will be manufactured at Bhel's Trichy, Haridwar, Bhopal, Ranipet, Hyderabad, Bangalore and Jhansi plants, while the company's Power Sector - Southern Region will be responsible for civil works and erection or commissioning of the equipment.
Bhel scrip closed at Rs 201.95, up 2.10 per cent, on the BSE.
BHEL stock price
On November 24, 2014, Bharat Heavy Electricals closed at Rs 257.60, up Rs 4.85, or 1.92 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 291.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 138.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 11.68 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 22.05. The latest book value of the company is Rs 135.02 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.91.
RELATED NEWS

Why yields on 10-year bonds would inch to 8.45% ahead07:00 am
With RBI announcing open market operation (OMO) sales of G-Secs for Rs 10,000 crore the market saw an unexpected rally yesterday. Bonds too have been rallying for the past few on back of global cues; in the US yields have been falling rather sharply and this has become a global trend.
However, for India with crude prices falling very sharply which is a big input for India’s Wholesale Price Index (WPI) and consumer price index (CPI) kept foreign institutional investors (FIIs) attracted to Indian bonds. Also on October 1, Sebi auctioned extra limits that FIIs can buy Indian bonds upto – that also meant that there was a goodish bit of FII buying of Indian bonds. All this took the yields to 8.4 percent.
Also read: 7 reasons G-secs will be a big draw for investors: BoAM L
Moreover, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announcing OMOs indicates two things; One is that there has been plentiful liquidity, and the RBI has been buying dollars which means it is pumping rupees into the system. It has not wanted the rupee to appreciate much and that also has created rupee surplus which the RBI is trying to suck out. However, more importantly the fact that the RBI announced the OMO yesterday is an indication that it is uncomfortable with yields coming to 8.4 percent.
Probably the belief is that under current inflation circumstances with inflation at 7.8 percent the 10-year should be higher than 8.4 percent. It’s also a yield-signal and maybe yields could go back to that 8.42 -8.44 percent levels and move towards 8.45 percent mark.
RELATED NEWS

ICICI Lombard buys 19.79 lakh shares of Gujarat Ind PowerOct 09, 2014, 08.48 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ICICI Lombard buys 19.79 lakh shares of Gujarat Ind Power
On October 08, 2014 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited bought 19,79,000 shares of Gujarat Industries Power Co.at Rs 83.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ICICI Lombard buys 19.79 lakh shares of Gujarat Ind Power
On October 08, 2014 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited bought 19,79,000 shares of Gujarat Industries Power Co.at Rs 83.
Post your opinion here
 
On October 08, 2014 Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Limited sold 19,88,329 shares of Gujarat Industries Power Co . at Rs 83 on the BSE.
However, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited bought 19,79,000 shares at Rs 83.
On Wednesday the share ended at Rs 83.75, up Rs 0.65, or 0.78 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 106.40 and 52-week low Rs 53.05 on 01 July, 2014 and 31 January, 2014, respectively.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 13.09 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 6.40. The latest book value of the company is Rs 116.08 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 0.72. The dividend yield of the company was 2.99 percent.
 

Catamaran Capital sells 4 lakh shares of TD Power SystemsOct 09, 2014, 08.48 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Catamaran Capital sells 4 lakh shares of TD Power Systems
On October 08, 2014 HDFC Trustee Company Limited - HDFC Prudence Fund bought 2,00,000 shares of TD Power Systems at Rs 319.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Catamaran Capital sells 4 lakh shares of TD Power Systems
On October 08, 2014 HDFC Trustee Company Limited - HDFC Prudence Fund bought 2,00,000 shares of TD Power Systems at Rs 319.
Post your opinion here
 
On October 08, 2014 Catamaran Capital sold 4,06,916 shares of  TD Power Systems at Rs 319 on the BSE.
However, HDFC Trustee Company Limited - HDFC Prudence Fund bought 2,00,000 shares at Rs 319.
On Wednesday, the share ended at Rs 319.90, up Rs 4.55, or 1.44 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 375 and 52-week low Rs 175.40 on 09 June, 2014 and 28 October, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Pakistan targets 60 BSF posts  over 80 villages in fresh shelling along the border in J&KOct 09, 2014 at  09:28am IST
Pakistan targets 60 BSF posts, over 80 villages in fresh shelling along the border in J&K
27
0
Jammu: Situation in Jammu and Kashmir remains tense as firing from Pakistan is on for the fourth straight day in all seven sectors along the International Border. Two Indian women have been killed in overnight shelling that took place on Thursday by Pakistani forces along the International Border in Jammu and Kashmir.
Pakistan rangers targetted 60 Border Security Force (BSF) outposts and over 80 villages in fresh mortar shelling and firing in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts along the International Border.
According to sources, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given the Army and Border Security Force a free hand to tackle ceasefire violations by Pakistani troops. A team under National Security Advidor (NSA) Ajit Doval is currently monitoring the situation.
#jammu and kashmir #ceasefire violation #pakistan #international border
"The PM has told the NSA that there is no question of succumbing to Pakistan. The PM said that there will be no talks with the Pakistan border forces till firing stops," sources said.
There has been no end to the ceasefire violations by Pakistan in the month of October and villagers have been advised to stay indoors.
MoS PMO Jitendra Singh, who visited the Indo-Pak border firing zone, hoped that the situation would normalise in a few days. Home Minister Rajnath Singh, meanwhile, directed the BSF to continue retaliating to Pakistani firing.
Seven people have died and more than 60 have been injured in the incessant firing by Pakistani troops over the past eight days.
Meanwhile, the border villages wear a deserted look with thousands having taken shelter in camps for their safety. People visit their houses during the day to check on their livestock which is their only livelihood and leave their homes to go back to safety again before the shelling begins.
309

Speedage appoints David Mewada as company secretarySpeedage appoints David Mewada as company secretary
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
Speedage Commercials in a release to the BSE said the board of directors has appointed David Mewada as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer with effect from October 7.
Shailaja Karkera, Compliance Officer, had resigned and the resignation was accepted by the board.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Shree Renuka Sugars shareholders okay hike in borrowing limitHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Shree Renuka Sugars shareholders okay hike in borrowing limit
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
Shree Renuka Sugars in a communication to the stock exchanges has said that its shareholders through a postal ballot have approved enhancement of the existing limits of Rs 1,400 crore to Rs 2,400 crore for seeking loans, giving guarantee, providing security and to invest/ acquire securities.
Approval has also been obtained for increasing the limits for creating charge from Rs 2,400 crore to Rs 4,800 crore.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Infosys bids farewell to Co-Founder Kris Gopalakrishnan07:00 am
IT behemoth Infosys  marked the end of an era yesterday as it bid farewell to the last founding member Kris Gopalakrishnan as he hung up his boots. He also became the seventh and the last founding member to leave Infosys. The founders are upbeat over a revival under Vishal Sikka.
CNBC-TV18's Poornima Murali caught up with Kris Gopalakrishnan and Nandan Nilekani and asked them about their journey with the company and their expectations from the new Infosys leadership.
Below is the edited transcript of the interview:
Q: How has your journey been so far with Infosys?
Gopalakrishnan: It’s an incredible journey, if I go back to 1981 it was not something we would have even dreamt of. In that sense, I have tremendous satisfaction of having achieved, having created something, having given employment to 160,000 plus people, having created wealth, having created a platform that will allow this company to go forward and become even stronger in the future.
Q: What would you describe as your high point and the low point in your journey with Infosys?
Gopalakrishnan: There are many high points because we have had an incredible number of achievements and every one of them is a high point. Of course, personally the period when I was the CEO was a difficult period and so coming out of that in a successful manner was personally a very high point for me.
Lows are things, which you take in your stride, there will be ups and downs but luckily for us, the achievements far outweigh anything negative.
Q: How do you see Infosys going forward with the new leadership because you were the last founder to officially resign on October 10, so, now the entire team will work under Sikka? How do you see Infosys going forward?
Gopalakrishnan: I am very confident about the leadership, I am very confident about Infosys. I have seen Vishal Sikka not just in the last one month but even before that, I knew him. So, I am very confident that he along with the leadership and I know many of the leaders for many years, many of them have been with the company for 10-20 plus years. So, for example, Pravin has been here for 28 years. So, I am very confident that the company will do even better in the future.
Q: How do you see Infosys going forward?
Nilekani: It is a company that gave me all the opportunities that I have had in my life and it has been a 30 years plus journey and with fantastic people. So, I am really excited.
I think this is a wonderful team. Kamath is a business visionary and Vishal is both technology visionary and somebody who has the right boardroom connects to lead the company forward and Pravin is a very old trusted pair of hands that Infosys has. He will be the link to Infosys of the earlier era. So, this team of three along with the board and other management I am very hopeful will do a great job.
Infosys stock price
On November 24, 2014, Infosys closed at Rs 4273.90, up Rs 127.80, or 3.08 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 4280.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 2894.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 203.80 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 20.97. The latest book value of the company is Rs 733.03 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.83.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex zooms 300 points on global cues  firm rupeeSensex vaults 390 points on global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
Snapping its three-session losing streak, the benchmark BSE Sensex staged a strong comeback by rising 400 points today on fresh spells of buying by foreign funds and investors amid positive global cues.
Expectation of a recovery in EBITDA margins of companies ahead of Q2FY15 earnings season and global cues saw the NIfty and the Sensex open in the green. The Nifty opened 44 points up at 7,887 while the Sensex opened 147 points up at 26,394.
Besides, appreciating rupee which strengthened to 60.90 against the dollar and easing global crude prices that have hit two-year low, buoyed sentiments.
The 30-share barometer had lost over 383 points in the previous three sessions.
The Sensex zoomed 390 points or 1.49 per cent to end at 26,637 while the NSE Nifty jumped 118 points or 1.5 per cent to 7,960.
All sectoral indices were in the green led by capital goods, realty and banks with gains of up to 3 per cent. Volatility was down 6.78 per cent with the India Vix quoting at 13.15.
BHEL (+8.3%), Hindalco (+6%), SBI (+2.84%), HDFC (2.68%) and ICICI Bank (+2.64%) were the top gainers in the Sensex 30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better, tracking rebound on other Asian markets in response to minutes from the US Federal Reserve indicating that policymakers are wary about raising interest rates sooner than later.
Global markets
World stock markets roared their approval on Thursday of reassurances the US Federal Reserve will not rush into raising interest rates, with risk appetite flooding back into almost every asset class. The dollar jolted lower, while oil and commodity prices rose.
Bond yields in large parts of Europe, which have plunged during years of cheap funding from the Fed and the world's other major central banks, hit new record lows.
Minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 meeting published late on Wednesday showed officials were wary about the dual threats of a stronger dollar and recent wobbles in the world economy as they seek an eventual exit from record low rates.
There were big gains on Wall Street and for Asia stocks, and European shares duly followed suit as Britain's FTSE 100 , Germany's DAX and France's CAC 40 rose 0.7, 1.2 and 0.8 per cent respectively in early trading.
"It (the Fed's message) has stabilised risk appetite and it was well needed following the macro economic disappointments we have had recently," said Hans Peterson, global head of asset allocation at SEB investment management.
"It is a burning issue, the pace of U.S. interest rate rises. They will tighten of course, but it will probably be very slow."
Even news that German exports slumped 5.8 per cent in August -- their biggest fall since the height of the financial crisis in January 2009, and yet another sign that Europe's largest economy is faltering -- failed to dampen the mood.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan , which touched its lowest level since March in the previous session, was up about 1.2 per cent in late trade.
Japan's Nikkei share average skidded 0.8 per cent, however, as the yen rose against the weakened dollar.
Gold, which also tends to benefit from loose monetary policy, climbed to its highest in about two weeks, with spot gold rising about 0.4 per cent to $1,226.40 an ounce. The Fed was not the only central bank in action though. The British pound stood at $1.6165, steady on the day and holding above an 11-month low of $1.5943 on Monday, ahead of the Bank of England's policy announcement later in the session. The bank is expected to keep rates steady near record lows.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Deadline of DDA Housing Scheme 2014 extended to October 15E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Re jumps 31 paise vs $ to hit day s high of 61.04You are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Rupee ends day at 61.05 versus US dollar
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 05.03PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Extending its rising streak…)
MUMBAI: The rupee closed the day at 61.09 against the US greenback, after gaining 50 paise to 60.90 per dollar in intraday trade. This was on the back of persistent selling of the American unit by banks and exporters amid bearish dollar overseas and rallying domestic equities.
The rupee had resumed higher at 61.13 per dollar as against yesterday's closing level of 61.40 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange ( Forex ).
In the New York market, the US dollar languished at a two-week low against its major rivals in early trade, having fallen for a third straight session minutes after the US Federal Reserve's last policy meeting which prompted markets to push out the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cipla gains over 3% on tie-up with Teva | BHEL rallies 4% on Rs 7800-crore orderYou are here: Home > Collections
Cipla Medpro collaborates with Teva Pharma; stock gains
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 10.34AM IST
Tags:
(The collaboration is a sales…)
MUMBAI: Cipla Medpro has entered into collaboration with Teva Pharmaceuticals for South African market.
The collaboration is a sales and distribution arrangement whereby Cipla Medpro will exclusively sell Teva's broad pharmaceutical product portfolio in South Africa .
Shares of Cipla reacted positively and were up 2.06 per cent on the BSE. The stock rallied 3.3 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 604.85 in trade today.
"Cipla believes that the collaboration with Teva reaffirms its commitment to advancing healthcare for all South African," said Subhanu Saxena, Managing Director and Global Chief Executive Officer, Cipla.
FEATURED ARTICLES

See 15% rev growth for Polaris in FY16: Prabhudas Lilladher08:00 am
With Polaris ’ ex-date for the demerger of its products business coming in today, Shashi Bhusan of Prabhudas Lilladher says the stock trading at Rs 223 is fair value for its services business.
However, according to him there is still more upside for the stock of around 10-15% on the back of improvement in demand coming from Banking, Financial services and Institutions (BFSI) segment, where the company derives most of its revenue from.
The company should see a revenue growth of around 15% in FY16.
Below is the transcript of Shashi Bhusan's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Reema: Polaris is listed at close to about Rs 220; do you think this is a fair value for the services business?
A: If you look at Polaris’ revenue and the multiples which they are trading at, for the services business this is more or less a fair value. We may see upside as the demand environment is improving largely in banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI) sector, from where this company derives most of its revenue.
Latha: At Rs 223 where it has listed does it factor in its positives. What is your price target?
A: I do not think so, there are more upsides left to this company for the services business. Last quarter was a decline for this company in the services business and most of the negatives according to the management are already factored-in in terms of revenue run rate. From here onwards the growth momentum is likely to get better.
Our sense is that this company should get to mid-teens kind of growth level over the next one year and that could result in some potential upside of maybe 10-15 percent more.
Reema: In FY14 the earnings per share (EPS) was Rs 31. What EPS do you expect for the services business in FY15 and what will be a fair PE multiple that you should assign to the services business?
A: I expect around 15 percent growth in FY16 for this company which means around Rs 35 EPS for the services business alone. In terms of multiples – that depends on lot of further factors as well. The sector is looking healthy; people can give them a multiple of 10-12 and if demand environment visibility starts getting blur maybe one year from now then the multiple of 10 even look expensive.
RELATED NEWS

Rupee sustains gainsRupee sustains gains
Australia shares rebound as Wall Street rallies on Fed minutesAustralia shares rebound as Wall Street rallies on Fed minutes
What made Nokia suspend manufacturing in IndiaWhat made Nokia suspend manufacturing in India
Modi said to give Raghuram Rajan veto power to meet India s CPI goalModi said to give Raghuram Rajan veto power to meet India s CPI goal
Democracy activists seek probe into $6.4 million payment to Hong Kong leaderDemocracy activists seek probe into $6.4 million payment to Hong Kong leader
Invest Madhya Pradesh: Global Investors SummitInvest Madhya Pradesh: Global Investors Summit
RBI to conduct Overnight Reverse Repo Auction under LAF for Rs. 20 000 crore today between 3.45 pm and 4.15 p.m.What do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
RBI to conduct Overnight Reverse Repo Auction under LAF for Rs. 20,000 crore today between 3.45 pm and 4.15 p.m.
10.15 AM IST  | Source: RBI The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will conduct overnight reverse repo variable rate auction for a notified amount of Rs. 20,000 crore today (October 9, 2014, Thursday). The auction will be conducted between 3.45 PM and 4.15 ...

Low iron ore price to eliminate 125 million tonnes of supply: Rio TintoLow iron ore price to eliminate 125 million tonnes of supply: Rio Tinto
China shares fall on profit-taking  HK up on Wall St cuesChina shares fall on profit-taking  HK up on Wall St cues
CNN Chief Wants To Dominate Reality TV And Breaking NewsPrevious Story
Next Story
CNN Chief Jeff Zucker Wants To Dominate Reality TV And Breaking News In The Same Place
 | By                                                                By DAVID BAUDER
Updated:
10/08/2014  7:59 am EDT
NEW YORK, NY - MAY 28:  Jeff Zucker, president of CNN Worldwide, speaks at the 'Sixties' series premiere party at Grand Central Terminal on May 28, 2014 in New York City.  (Photo by Rob Kim/Getty Images) | Rob Kim via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Mike Rowe never expected his new travelogue series, "Somebody's Gotta Do It," to land on CNN.
Yet when you think about it, Rowe fits what has become the network's mold for nonfiction entertainment programming: well-known personalities making series related to the work they are best known for, with a twist or two. Rowe and Lisa Ling recently joined Anthony Bourdain and John Walsh with new entries.
Rowe's program, a key part of CNN's strategy for the future, debuts Wednesday at 9 p.m. EDT.
"Somebody's Gotta Do It" broadens the "Dirty Jobs" franchise that Rowe led on Discovery for eight years. He's still looking at interesting professions, like a woman who runs a hair museum, yet not necessarily stories that require him to get down in the muck.
His debut did require submersion. He dons a wetsuit to check out the underwater set at the Las Vegas revue "La Reve." Rowe's style gives viewers the sense that they are eavesdropping on the making of an episode and while that showcases his charm, it also leads to unfortunate remarks about underwater urination.
CNN's appeal was its lack of interest in plotting episodes like it was a scripted show, he said. Rowe pitched his series to many different networks and was taken aback by how many executives wanted to script what is essentially an unscripted series.
"I was getting very serious questions about narrative arcs from people I know for a fact didn't know what that meant," he said.
Development of nonfiction series at CNN predated network chief Jeff Zucker's arrival, and the genre had immediate critical and commercial success with Bourdain's "Parts Unknown." That led Zucker to order more of them, probably his signature strategic move in two years as CNN's leader. He expects a dozen of the limited-run series in production next year.
"It's a really important move for the entire cable news genre ... which frankly isn't a robust, growing genre," Zucker said. "This is one of the ways we are trying to combat that."
The big picture has been bleak for CNN. Its full- day viewership is down 10 percent from last year, with the network on pace to have its smallest average audience since at least 1992. Corporate parent Turner Broadcasting announced a plan on Monday to cut jobs by 10 percent at its networks, including CNN.
The nonfiction series offer some encouragement. The four most-watched CNN programs this year were episodes of Bourdain and Walsh's series, followed by "The Sixties" and "Chicagoland." Ling's series, "This is Life," debuted last week with 596,000 viewers, up from the 457,000 that was the average in the show's time slot during the previous month, the Nielsen company said.
The median age of CNN's typical prime-time viewer is 59 this year, down from 63 in 2010 — a direction advertisers like to see. Fox News Channel's median age is 68, while MSNBC is at 61.
Zucker is trying to solve a riddle that has bedeviled dozens of executives before him, seeking an audience during slow news periods without risking CNN's brand as a nonpartisan network.
"Trying to push the outer edge of the brand is not one of the seven sins," said Aaron Brown, a former CNN anchor now a journalism professor at Arizona State University. "But you still have to do it right."
Purists devoted to CNN's news mission will be quick to pounce on any nonfiction series that is somehow seen as cheapening what the network stands for; there is already a faction at the network that would rather see straight news programming than Walsh's search for fugitives or Ling's stories about prescription drug abuse in Utah or young women who seek "sugar daddies."
Zucker said CNN has proven it can do both and in fact needs to. The network has been quick to pre-empt nonfiction series during periods of breaking news.
Sid Bedingfield, a CNN executive from 1986 to 2005 and now a journalism professor at the University of Minnesota, said schlocky reality shows would do serious damage to CNN. But he stressed he hasn't seen any yet to fit that definition.
"It's a delicate and difficult balance," Bedingfield said. "I appreciate what (Zucker) is struggling with."
___
CNN is part of Time Warner Inc.
___
Follow David Bauder at twitter.com/dbauder. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/david-bauder.
More:

Airbus exploring the possibility of selling 10% of DassaultAirbus Group is exploring the possibility of selling 10 per cent of Dassault Aviation
By Reuters | 8 Oct, 2014, 03.01AM IST
Airbus Group is exploring the possibility of selling 10 per cent of Dassault Aviation through a placing to financial institutions.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: Airbus Group is exploring the possibility of selling 10 per cent of Dassault Aviation through a placing to financial institutions as it seeks to start unwinding its 46 per cent stake in the French planemaker, a spokesman said.
Such a sale, if it went ahead, would be combined with a further reduction of the company's shareholding by participating in a share buyback planned by Dassault Aviation, Airbus Group's head of corporate communications, Rainer Ohler , added.
Shareholders in family-controlled Dassault Aviation last month authorized a buyback of up to 10 per cent of the company's thinly traded stock.
Airbus Group said in July it wanted to sell its stake in Dassault, ending a longstanding arrangement to warehouse the shares on behalf of the French government.

IndiGos profit halves to Rs 317 crore against Rs 787 croreIndiGo’s FY14 profit more than halves to Rs 317 crore against Rs 787 crore
Anirban Chowdhury, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 02.01AM IST
Tags:
Aditya Ghosh
(The carrier has reported…)
MUMBAI: Budget carrier IndiGo's net profit for FY14 fell 60% as unfavourable industry conditions such as weak demand and intense competition combined with weak currency to hurt performance after six straight years of robust profit growth.
ndia's biggest carrier by market share posted an annual net profit of Rs 317 crore for the twelve months ended March 31, 2014, compared with Rs 787 crore a year earlier, according to annual statements filed with the registrar of companies.
Revenue rose 18% to Rs 11,117 crore.
IndiGo's CEO and president Aditya Ghosh confirmed the airline has filed the results but didn't elaborate. The airline's peers commended its performance. "Good business model, solid execution, well done!" Sanjiv Kapoor, chief operating officer of rival budget carrier SpiceJet told ET. "The airline made some solid scale bets early on which are paying off well," he added.
But the numbers fell short of some analysts' estimates.
"Our outlook released in April 2014 estimated Rs 350 crore- Rs 400 crore net profit for FY14. The results reflect a very tough operating environment in FY14 which was the worst performing fiscal for the industry," said Kapil Kaul, south Asia CEO at Sydney-based consultant CAPA-Center for Aviation.
The rupee suffered a free fall against the dollar last year, dropping to record lows in August. About 70% of IndiGo's expenses are in dollars, but due to limited international operations it gets far less than 15% of its revenue in the same currency, according to analysts' estimates.
The slow down in air travel also continued. Indian carriers flew 61 million local passengers between April and March, up just 5% on year. To fill planes, airlines led by SpiceJet introduced massive discounts since January. India has the cheapest air fares in the world while being saddled with one of the highest cost burdens, mainly jet fuel.
The low fares in Jan-March impacted overall yields for IndiGo.
Its annual revenue per average seat kilometre fell to 3.70 from 3.78 the previous year, the figures showed.
The airline annually carried 16% more passengers than the previous year, but increased capacity by 20%.
IndiGo is believed to have got massive discounts on its past two aircraft orders of 100 and 180 planes. It has been selling the aircraft to lessors at huge premiums, adding considerably to profits.
Kaul said that IndiGo would have earned Rs 350 crore from sale and leaseback of planes last year, but the benefits were offset by unfavourable market conditions.
The airline however continues to be way ahead of its peers.
SpiceJet posted a record net loss of over Rs 1,003 crore during FY14 while the other listed carrier Jet Airways lost Rs 3,667 crore. Unlisted airline Go Air reportedly made a net profit of Rs 50 crore, a figure its spokesman didn't confirm.
Despite the fall, IndiGo's consistent profitability in a bleeding industry will strengthen sentiments for its imminent initial public offer, likely planned for the middle of next year, said experts.
"With its low costs, efficiency and reliability of operations, IndiGo has clearly demonstrated its business strengths. Investor confidence will only be boosted by its latest profit figures" said Prithvi Haldea, founder chairman of Prime Database, a tracker of primary markets.
CAPA has estimated a valuation of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion for the airline.
IndiGo has appointed seven banks Citigroup , Deutsche Bank , JP Morgan , UBS , Standard Chartered , Morgan Stanley and Kotak Mahindra for the offer. It may file its prospectus by February, said a source close to the development.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Startups cash in on mobile gaming feverStartups cash in on mobile gaming fever
Krithika Krishnamurthy, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 05.03AM IST
Tags:
mobile gaming
(An ever-increasing number…)
BANGALORE: An influx of venture capital, the right mentoring and a number of success stories have generated a surge in interest in the gaming business.
An ever-increasing number of smartphone users and better bandwidth capabilities have pushed a number of startups to try their hand at mobile gaming.India now has at least 250 gaming companies, a big jump from the 20-30 companies that were present a few years ago, according to game developers.
Moonfrog Labs , a Bangalorebased company founded by former Zynga executives, is one such example. The company's multi-player casino game Teen Patti is nearing a million downloads, a ceiling few Indian companies have been able to break-."The markets in Japan, US, China are all saturated. There is a great growth story here," said Tanay Tayal, CEO of Moonfrog Labs. "We have experience in social games for international products. This is the right time to be here." In June, mobile gaming company Octro raised $15 million ( Rs 92 crore) from Sequoia Capital.
Matrix Partners funded Red Monster Games founded by ex-Zynga employees last month."With more than 35% of time spent on mobile being on games, this is undoubtedly a market for the future. We have just begun to scratch the surface of this form of entertainment in India," said Vikram Vaidyanathan, managing director of Matrix Partners India.
Indian game developers have become competent enough to be sought by Unesco's Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Education for Peace and Sustainable Development to develop a mobile app for their Global Citizenship project.
But the gaming industry is not without its problems. Independent game developers, called indies by the community, make less than $20 a day, according to Games2Win's founder Alok Kejriwal, an industry veteran.In addition, piracy and the existing payments infrastructure are a worry to entrepreneurs such as Kinshuk Sunil, as purchasing digital products via credit cards is still a new concept in India. Sunil's New Delhibased Hashstash has created four games. Compared with legitimate purchases, there have been five times as many downloads of pirated versions. And for good reason.
The threeyear-old company's game Circulets was recognised in the Best Casual Game category at the BestAppEver awards last year, just two places behind the winner Candy Crush Saga."There is enough international critical acclaim.
But there is no money," said Kamal, 30, an MBA graduate from the Shri Ram College of Commerce . To address the gap in the market, Mumbaibased Nazara Technologies launched a fund of Rs 10 crore this year to invest and mentor startups. "We saw lots of gamers were starting companies now, but without money. They'll run it for six months and get tired," said Nitish Mittersain, CEO of the 15-yearold company.
"Since we understand the business at the ground level, we decided to start working with developers."
(With inputs from Madhav Chanchani)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Russia s Skolkovo Innovation Centre in India to incubate startupsYou are here: Home > Collections > Microsoft
Russia's Skolkovo Innovation Centre on a hunt in India to incubate startups in diverse areas
Peerzada Abrar & Krithika Krishnamurthy, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 03.23AM IST
Tags:
Dmitry Medvedev
((From left) Kirill Kaem,…)
BANGALORE: Russia's largest global technology hub, Skolkovo Innovation Centre , is on a hunt in India to incubate start-ups in areas such as big data analytics, biomedical devices and Internet of Things, a technology where devices communicate with each other intelligently. It is also looking to incubate companies in areas as diverse as energy management, space and nuclear technologies.
"I am not after dotcom or ecommerce. We are really trying to support the core technologies, especially in the space where venture capitalists are not interested," said Igor V Bogachev, vice-president and executive director IT cluster at Skolkovo Foundation, the principal agency responsible for the innovation centre."We want Indian innovators and technology entrepreneurs to partner directly with Russians."
Founded in 2010 and led by Russian prime minister Dmitry Medvedev , the foundation aims to develop and commercialise advanced technologies. With a $3.9-billion (about Rs24,000 crore) budget, three Nobel laureates, over 1,000 companies and start-ups, the Skolkovo Inplatforms Centre is Russia's largest supporter of innovation and a new global technology hub.
Bogachev said Indian companies can get grants between $50,000 and $10 million. The residents of the innovation space also get co-working space, financial and technical support. He conceded that Russians are great innovators but are poor marketers of technology, unlike the Silicon Valley . "The entrepreneurial system in India is much better.
The entrepreneurial history is too weak here," said Kirill Kaem, vicepresident and executive director of the BioMedical Cluster at Skolkovo. "We are trying to teach scientists to make money."
The companies in the Skolkovo cluster have also partnered with Indian firms to get their technology to the market here. Russia's Geolab, which sells technology for oil exploration, has signed up India's Oil and Natural Gas (ONGC). Another Russian firm C3D Labs is working with Indian company ProtoTech in the area of three dimensional modelling.
"We can get help from Russians for monitoring natural resources. Also, this initiative will open the door to Russian markets," said H Honne Gowda, technical director at Karnataka's Department of IT, BT, Science and Technology.
Skolkovo Foundation is spread over 400 hectare near Moscow. The city is complete with start-up incubators, residential areas, universities and research and development centres of large organisations like Cisco and Microsoft.
The Russian government provides the infrastructure and the rest is sustained by private money. Over the last three years, the facility has incubated companies which have yielded $600 million in revenue and created 15,000 jobs. The goal is to have over 30,000 innovators working and living in the area by 2020, said Bogachev. In 2012, Skolkovo gave a grant of $780,000 to a company called Workle, which created a service that people can use to start their own Internet-based careers.
Experts say India has become the go-to destination for overseas accelerators and incubators to provide mentoring and access to capital, given the rate at which start-ups are being founded across the country. These firms, with businesses ranging from personal healthcare services to specialised networking Inplatforms, are joining Singapore, Europe and the US-based accelerators that offer assured funding and links to a global customer base.
Since its entry into India in 2011, the US-based accelerator 500Startups has invested in at least 15 companies, including price comparison site Pricebaba and marketing firm Zipdial. In July, Scandid, a Pune-based shopping technology start-up, won the regional round of Seedstars World, a global start-up competition based in Geneva, Switzerland and supported by venture builder Seedstars.
Experts say Russia also wants to be a part of India's start-up and information technology boom other than the traditional aerospace and defence businesses. In April, Russian supercomputing company RSC group and the Russian Academy of Sciences proposed collaboration with India to set up supercomputing facilities that will rival China's Tianhe-2, the world's fastest supercomputer.
"Honestly speaking, we are not going to become the next Silicon Valley. We are trying to increase the share of innovation in our country," said Bogachev of Skolkovo Foundation. "We are pushing the system to switch later on. For the moment, we are running with government money."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra elections: Feelings too dead in Yavatmal(Closely fought contests…)
YAVATMAL: In the heart of Maharashtra's farmer suicide capital, the irony is hard to miss.
Even as PM Modi and Uddhav Thackeray express alarm at the high number of farmer suicides in big rallies across the state, in Yavatmal itself that is not the key issue of the opposition's election campaign. Closely fought contests across the seven seats of this district have prompted local leaders to look for issues which are known to attract voter attention.
According to Rajendra Dange, the district president of BJP , farmer suicides and agrarian distress were the key issues on which elections were contested on in previous assembly elections, but "voters did not respond as expected." So, for targeting the sitting MLAs in the district, most of whom are form the Congress, the party took up issues allied to agrarian distress such as poor irrigation, excessive loadshedding, unemployment.
Others are not as direct as Dange. When asked what were the key issues on which the Shiv Sena was campaigning, district president and candidate from one of the assembly seats, Sanjay Rathod, said load shedding, unemployment were the key issues.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No tie-up as BJP wants to split state  says UddhavBJP
(“I am confident and can…)
AHMEDNAGAR: Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray has ruled out any truck with BJP in the future, accusing it of 'backstabbing', and wondered if the saffron party was going soft on its core agenda of Hindutva .
He also dismissed talks of a post-poll alliance with estranged cousin Raj Thackeray of MNS saying he had not given any thought to what alliances would happen in the state after polls.
"I am confident and can see on the ground that people will vote only for the Shiv Sena. A war is always fought on the basis of commitment and people have their commitment only to the Sena," Thackeray said.
Attacking BJP, he said: "How can we be with a party that wants the division of Maharashtra. This state cannot be divided into small provinces under the pretext of faster development. Tomorrow they will form Vidarbha , later they will ask for other parts of the state to be separated. How can this be allowed? We cannot go with parties that want division of Maharashtra." Interestingly, just a few hours earlier, PM Modi had addressed a rally in Maharashtra where he said he would not allow the state to be split as long as he ruled New Delhi.
Thackeray said he was still in the dark why BJP had broken their ties with the Sena. "They don't even have enough candidates and have now imported some people and given them party tickets. If this was the condition they should have given us the opportunity to overthrow the Congress-NCP government."
"Whether the Lotus that was saffron in colour earlier has turned white. Has BJP forgotten Hindutva? BJP is using Shivaji's name now but we have been celebrating Shivaji's birth anniversary for many years."
FEATURED ARTICLES

IMF admits India growth projections were way off the markHome »   Politics
IMF admits India growth projections were way off the mark
Growth forecast errors from 2011 till 2014 were -0.9, -2.3, -1 and 0.7 respectively, averaging -0.9 percentage points between 2011-2014
Flipkart raising another large round of funds
The wrong projection for India also contributed -0.06 percentage points to the IMF’s global forecast error during 2011-2014 as India’s share in the global economy is 6.5% in purchasing power parity terms. Photo: Bloomberg
Indian policymakers and economists have long questioned the growth projections made for the country by the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Now, in its latest World Economic Outlook released on Tuesday, the fund confessed as much—that its growth projections for India and the other emerging market economies have been way off the mark in the recent past.
Former finance minister P. Chidambaram had publicly taken on the IMF in October last year for its below-expectation growth projection for India, urging it to review its methodology for growth forecasts. His comments came after the IMF had cut its growth projection for 2013-14 to 3.8% based on market prices from 5.6% projected in April 2013.
“I would like to ask, respectfully, what is the information that IMF has gathered between July and September, that we do not have, that has impelled the fund to drastically change the estimate? We do not share this pessimistic outlook,” Chidambaram had said speaking at the annual meeting of the fund in Washington DC.
On Tuesday, the IMF in its latest report said half of its overall global forecast errors were due to its wrong projections for BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India and China) countries which account for 28% of the global gross domestic product (GDP) at purchasing power parity. “One-year-ahead forecasts for global growth in 2011-14 were, on average, too optimistic—some 0.6 percentage point higher than outcomes,” it said.
For India, the growth forecast errors from 2011 till 2014 were -0.9, -2.3, -1 and 0.7 respectively, averaging -0.9 percentage points between 2011-2014. The wrong projection for India also contributed -0.06 percentage points to the IMF’s global forecast error during 2011-2014 as India’s share in the global economy is 6.5% in purchasing power parity terms.
IMF says the general tendency towards repeated growth projection errors in BRIC countries is because of the strong growth performance by these countries before and immediately after the global crisis. It also blames negative surprises in terms of expectations of growth in trading partners, domestic factors as well as forecasting errors in growth in investment in such countries.
No prizes for guessing who it does not blame for the errors.

New Listing  Delisting Regulations Next Month: SebiGold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Mumbai: The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Wednesday said it will come out with new listing and delisting guidelines next month, revamping the existing listing agreements. The capital market regulator also made it clear that corporates would have to adhere to it.
 
"We are moving away from the existing listing agreement to listing regulations. The listing agreement is an agreement with companies and exchanges. Now, it will have a force of regulations... There will be a hierarchy of regulations and will have higher force, then an agreement," Sebi Chairman U K Sinha told reporters on the sidelines of a capital market summit organised by the industry lobby Ficci in Mumbai.
 
Mr Sinha also said Sebi was close to finalising new delisting guidelines and will release them next month.
 
"The whole idea is to tell corporate India that we are now more serious about these regulations being followed," he said.
 
The regulator, however, did not elaborate on the punitive measures.
 
Sebi had earlier this year released a discussion paper on revamping the delisting agreements and to come out with listing/delisting regulations, and had sought feedback on its proposals from various stakeholders.
 
"We are finalising new delisting guidelines as there are no trading in some stocks and promoters are finding difficult to delist the shares. We will announce guidelines under which delisting can happen in a fair way with investors' protection," he said.
 
Mr Sinha also pointed out that the committee on review of insider-trading norms has submitted its report. The regulator is examining these recommendations before coming out with new norms in the current financial year itself.
 
Commenting on disclosure norms, Mr Sinha said Sebi has mandated bourses that they have to inform the regulator of any violation by corporates.
 
"Earlier, it was a routine activity, but now we are getting regular reports. We have asked exchanges to increase the manpower, which they are doing now. We are also inspecting the exchanges on what action they are doing for violation of disclosure norms," he added.
 
Sebi is working with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and the government for raising FII (foreign institutional investor) participation in government bonds and enhancing settlement pattern from T1 to T2.
 
On the recently notified guidelines for real estate investment trusts (REITs), Mr Sinha said the regulator was in talks with the government to provide greater clarity on taxation norms applicable to these instruments and was hopeful the government will be willing to consider the same.
 
It is also considering electronic IPO (E-IPO) option in the current financial year, which will be based on T3 or T5 form, Mr Sinha said adding the fund raising activities have turned positive as more enquiries have been received for raising funds in September.
 
The regulator is also working on a plan to allow small companies to use institutional trading platform (ITP) on stock exchanges to raise fresh capital.
 
At present, the ITP is used by SMEs and start-ups to list their shares without an initial public offering (IPO).
 
"We are going to make further changes in the SME platform to help more companies to raise money,"  Mr Sinha added.
 
Speaking on the broader market environment, he said, "Our growth numbers are remarkable. In the past one year alone, the markets returned about 30 per cent." 
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 15:55 (IST)

Pulsating pace: Photos of rush-hour around the worldTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Diesel rate may be cut by Rs 2.50/l post state electionsDiesel rate may be cut by Rs 2.50/litre post state elections
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 19:10 IST
Photo: Reuters
A Rs 2.50 per litre cut in diesel prices and a little less than Re1 a litre on petrol is in offing as international oil rates fell to a 27-month low.
Prices may be cut after Maharashtra and Haryana assembly elections are completed on October 15, sources privy to the development said.
Benchmark Brent crude on Wednesday slid by as much as $1.35 to $90.76 a barrel, its lowest level since June 2012.
Prices have declined 18 per cent this year.
The drop in rates will result in profit on sale of diesel expand from Rs 1.90 a litre calculated based on average rate prevailing in the second half of September.
Despite wiping out of under-recoveries or the difference between retail selling price and its imported cost, on sale of diesel on September 16 and the subsequent resultant over- recovery to Rs 1.90, the government has not cut rates due to election code.
Petrol on the other hand, had been deregulated in June 2010 and rates have since then moved every fortnight in tandem with the cost. Petrol rates last cut by 54 paise on October 1 in line with international trend.
Sources said a petrol price revision will take place on its due date of October 15 as per the practice of fixing rates on 1st and 16th of every month based on average international prices in the previous fortnight.
It is unclear if diesel price review would also happen on the same day. Though desired diesel prices are also calculated as per the fortnightly formula, the commodity continues to be under government control.
Sources said the Oil Ministry is of the view that while the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) on January 17, 2013, allowed a monthly increase in diesel price of 40-50 paise per month to wipe out the under-recovery, it wasn't envisaged that there would be over-recovery.
Despite the over-recovery, diesel prices have not been deregulated or freed yet.
Softening international oil rates have meant that diesel under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery swelled to Rs 1.90 a litre on October 1 and is further projected to rise to Rs 2.50.
Oil industry wants diesel rates to be reduced to protect their market share which they otherwise would lose to private retailers who price the fuel in tandem with international prices.

Bookies predict 110-115 seats for BJPBJP
(Only a late, very intense…)
MUMBAI: The city's bookies, who accurately predicted a single party majority for BJP in May's national polls, believe that star campaigner Narendra Modi's late campaign entry may cost BJP a single party majority (145 or more seats in a 288-member assembly) in Maharashtra.
Bookies are predicting a 110-115 seat range for BJP. That tally is far ahead of predictions for four other rivals. Congress, NCP , and Shiv Sena, bookies predict, will each win between 40 to 50 seats, while MNS will be a poor fifth with a prediction range of 15-20 seats.
But had Modi entered campaigning earlier, bookies say, BJP stood a good chance of a single party simple majority. Only a late, very intense burst of Modi-style campaign may just take BJP past the 145 mark now. But bookies consider that event unlikely.
The Prime Minister's campaign time is divided between Haryana and Maharashtra and he's to address 15 more rallies in Maharashtra before electioneering ends on October 13.
Votes for the October 15 elections will be counted on October 19 and Mumbai's bookies reckon Shiv Sena is BJP's likeliest post-poll ally, despite a bitter pre-poll parting.
However, should BJP's tally come close to the 145 mark, the party may court Independents, bookies say.
Shiv Sena to be the Likeliest Ally of BJP After Election
Mumbai's bookies reckon Shiv Sena is the BJP's likeliest post-election ally, despite a bitter pre-poll parting. However, should BJP's tally come close to the 145 mark, the party may court Independents, bookies say. Interestingly, bookies are complaining about political workers putting pressure on them to provide predictions that seem to favour particular parties.
After their accurate predictions for the national polls, Mumbai bookies have acquired extra credibility. Most pollsters had given the BJP less than a simple majority in general elections.
The Congress and Nationalist Congress Party, although fighting separately, will be hit by anti-incumbency and also suffer because of the split in minority votes, according to bookies. They also see no role for either party in government formation, post-polls. And Shiv Sena's going alone won't give it a bigger bargaining chip, bookies add.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tokyo Stock Exchange invites Indian firms to raise capitalTokyo Stock Exchange invites Indian firms to raise capital
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 20:38 IST
In a first-ever initiative to connect the Indian business community with the Japanese capital markets, Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) on Wednesday  invited Indian companies to raise capital in Japan.
A delegation of Tokyo Stock Exchange was in Mumbai on Wednesday as part of its three-day visit to India.
The objective of the visit is to grow business relations between the two countries, following Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Japan, a statement issued said.
Hidetoshi Nagaya, GM Head of Global Listings, Tokyo Stock Exchange, along with Junichiro Goto, Manager of New Listings, Tokyo Stock Exchange and Hiroshi Sugaya, Director of Institute for Indian Economic Studies met a number of large as well as small & medium Indian businesses.
Several leading Indian businesses presented their profiles to the Tokyo Stock Exchange taking the first step in the listing process, it said.
"Tokyo Stock Exchange is one of the most liquid and third highest turnover stock exchanges in the world. We are positive that this initiative that the TSE is taking will open the doors for the vibrant Indian business community to the Japanese capital markets," Total Solutions Group Chairman Kapil Malhotra said.
"The Indian economy is definitely going through an interesting phase wherein it has completed its metamorphosis into becoming the most influential business market in the world," he added.
This is an excellent opportunity for promoting economic growth for both India and Japan, Malhotra said.

Blood moon  awes sky watchers in Americas and Asia'Blood moon' awes sky watchers in Americas and Asia
AFP
more photos »
Stargazers in the Americas and Asia were treated to a lunar eclipse Wednesday, a celestial show that bathed the moon in a reddish tint to create a "blood moon."
During the total lunar eclipse, light beams into Earth's shadow, filling it with a coppery glow that gives it a red hue.
The early phase of the eclipse began at 0800 GMT, or 4:00 am, on the east coast of the United States.
NASA provided live footage via telescope of the eclipse, showing a black shadow creeping across the moon in a crawl that took about an hour.
Only when the moon was totally eclipsed did the redness appear. The total eclipse was also to last about an hour, and ditto for the return to its normal colour. The total eclipse happened at 6:25 am on the US east coast (1025 GMT).
Different phases of moon during lunar eclipse in Dibrugarh, Assam on Wednesday. (PTI Photo)
The NASA web site was peppered with Tweets bubbling with questions and comments on the heavenly phenomenon.
"This is amazing. Thank you for this opportunity," read a Tweet from the handle @The Gravity Dive.
"Is there any crime increase during this process? Any psychological problems?" wrote a person who identified herself as Alisa Young.
Just before the climax, Kathi Hennesey in California wrote, "Watching from San Francisco Bay Area. Just a sliver now."
Ring of fire
A NASA commentator explained that during the total eclipse, if you were standing on the moon and looking at the earth, you would see it all black, with ring of fire around it.
In Hong Kong, free viewing locations were set up on a harborside promenade by the Hong Kong Space Museum for the public to observe the various phases on telescopes.
In Tokyo's Roppongi fashion and entertainment district, enthusiasts performed yoga exercises under the blood moon. Many others had climbed atop the city's skyscrapers to view the sky.
On Australia's east coast, a live video feed set up by the Sydney Observatory was hit by cloud cover, thwarting some viewers.
In New Zealand, the moon will be close to its highest point in the sky, according to Auckland's Stardome Observatory & Planetarium, making for a view of the spectacle unobstructed by buildings.
In Hong Kong, hundreds of patient onlookers of all ages lined the harborfront promenade late Wednesday hoping for a glimpse of the eclipse.
The moon on Bhopal sky looked distinctly red when it rose on Wednesday evening, just after the lunar eclipse was over. (Mujeeb Faruqui/HT Photo)
Many came armed with cameras and telescopes but on a cloudy evening in a city whose sky is rarely clear of pollution haze, it was  visible only intermittently.
With tweets from across the viewing countries in Asia, one in New Zealand described the eclipse as "omg the sky is red right now... at 12:26 am in Auckland" with the hashtag "#sofreakingcoool ."
After clouds on Australia's east coast, the Sydney Observatory welcomed a sighting with "We saw the blood Moon finally!".
"Sydney skygazers didn't completely miss out tonight, though the cloud did dampen everyone's spirits early on," said the The Sydney Morning in a live report on the eclipse.
Watch: Watch time lapse video of stunning lunar eclipse
The event was not visible in Africa or Europe, NASA said.
The eclipse is the second of four total lunar eclipses, which started with a first "blood moon" on April 15, in a series astronomers call a tetrad.
The next two total lunar eclipses will be on April 4 and September 28 of next year. 
The last time a tetrad took place was in 2003-2004, with the next predicted for 2032-2033. In total, the 21st century will see eight tetrads.

Tribunal Asks Sebi to Pass Fresh Order in Safari Industries CaseYou are here: Home Corporates
Tribunal Asks Sebi to Pass Fresh Order in Safari Industries Case
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 08, 2014 22:02 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Mumbai: The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) has set aside an order by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) against 12 entities and asked the market regulator to pass fresh ruling "as expeditiously as possible" in the case of Safari Industries (India) Ltd.
In January, Sebi had slapped a fine of Rs 2 lakh each on 12 entities for their alleged failure to make shareholding disclosures within the requisite timeline.
These entities were promoters of Safari Industries "at the relevant point of time" (2006).
The two sides approached SAT and requested the tribunal to 'quash and set aside' the ruling of Sebi as various discrepancies were noticed in the impugned order.
"In view of various discrepancies noticed in the impugned order, counsel on both sides state that the impugned order may be quashed and set aside without recording reasons and the matter be restored to the file of Adjudicating Officer for passing fresh order on merits and in accordance with law," SAT noted.
Consequently, SAT in its order dated October 1 said that "impugned order dated January 29, 2014 is quashed and set aside and the matter is restored to the file of Adjudicating Officer of Sebi for passing fresh order on merits and in accordance with law after giving personal hearing to the appellant".
"Fresh order on merits be passed as expeditiously as possible and preferably within four months from today," it added.
Among the 12 entities were Amul Sumatichandra Mehta, Yugesh Sumatichandra Mehta, Akul Yugesh Mehta, Jayendra Yugesh Mehta, Mrudula Amul Mehta, Maitri Amul Mehta, Rachna Amul Mehta, Sunali Yugesh Mehta, Senator Investment, Touristor Investments, Yug Investment and Amul Sumatichandra Mehta-HUF.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 17:37 (IST)

Cyclone Hud Hud crosses Andamans  negotiating open Bay watersCyclone Hud Hud crosses Andamans, negotiating open Bay waters
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, October 8:  
Cyclone Hud Hud has crossed the Andaman and Nicobar islands close to Long Island and has put itself on for a raucous journey over the open waters of the Bay of Bengal.
Named after the Israeli national bird, ‘Hud Hud’ would move towards north Andhra Pradesh-south Odisha coasts over the next four days.
Very severe cyclone
India Met Department said in an update that it would continue to move west-northwestwards, intensify into a severe cyclonic storm by Thursday and subsequently into a very severe cyclonic storm by Friday.
According to the Met, the area of landfall would be between Visakhapatnam and Gopalpur, expected to happen around noon of Sunday.
The peak wind speeds associated with the system would be in the range of 130-140 km/hr gusting to 155 km/hr (very severe cyclonic storm) on Saturday and at the time of landfall on Sunday.
This was as per an analysis put out by the Met Department at 12 noon on Wednesday. But an update issued by the US Navy’s Joint Typhoon Warning Centre two hours later tended to suggest higher wind speeds.
Landfall area
According to the US model, the cyclone could feature ferocious winds speeding up to 175 km/hr and gusting to 213 km/hr on Saturday. The landfall point was shown as just north of Visakhapatnam.
London-based Tropical Storm Risk Group also suggested the same area as the likely landfall point.
In either case, ‘Hud Hud’ seems to act as a worthy successor to ‘Phailin’ that hit the same coast last year after it took birth in the Gulf of Thailand/Andaman Sea and put itself on a long haul across the Bay. ‘Phailin’ had also stuck to a strikingly similar timeline in precipitating landfall and ‘achieving closure’ on October 12, 2013.
Meanwhile, a heavy weather warning said that Hud Hud would bring heavy to very heavy rainfall over south Odisha coast with isolated extremely heavy falls from Saturday evening.
High winds, heavy rain
Heavy to very heavy rainfall would also commence at a few places over Visakhapatnam, Vijayanagaram, and Srikakulam districts of north coastal Andhra Pradesh and north coastal districts of Odisha. Squally winds clocking 50-60 km/hr gusting to 70 km/hr would commence along north Andhra and Odisha coasts from Saturday morning onwards.
The wind speed would rachet up to 140 km/hr gusting to 150 km/hr from Sunday morning.
Sea condition would be ‘rough to very rough’ (8 ft to 20 ft in wave height) from Saturday morning. It would gradually become ‘phenomenal’ (wave height of up to 46 ft) from Sunday morning onwards.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Hard-earned ceasefire gains being shot through since 2010Comments
The fraught relationship between India and Pakistan is witnessing a steady rise in border firing incidents, data culled from the Indian Parliament shows. The spurt in violence comes after a ceasefire that ensured peaceful borders for over ten years.
The sharpest escalation in border firing since the ceasefire began in 2010, which saw 39 incidents and then grew to 347 incidents in 2013.
Both India and Pakistan have held on to the ceasefire that began on November 25, 2003. In the preceding year, both countries had witnessed 2,644 incidents of firing. This was during Operation Parakram which was launched after attack on the Indian Parliament on December 13, 2001, leading to a 13-month skirmish.
Pakistan taught 'befitting lesson', says Modi after decline in firing
But after the ceasefire was declared, violence plunged and there wasn’t a single border incident between the two armies between 2004 and 2006. However, by 2010, that began to change.
Experts like Lt Gen PC Katoch, who commanded the Siachen brigade during the Kargil war, feel that the rise in violence reflects Pakistan’s growing internal troubles. “Pakistan is imploding so they have to divert attention. What is the point of talking with Pakistan right now?”
But others feel that keeping communication channels open is the key to managing the ceasefire. Srinath Raghavan, a lecturer on security studies at King’s College, London, feels that New Delhi’s decision to not seek flag meetings could have been avoided. “Drawing these red lines will only paint us into a corner and reduce our ability to manoeuvre.”
Rana Banerji who studied Pakistan for nearly 30 years as part of the Research & Analysis Wing (R&AW) agrees with Raghavan’s assessment. “In Pakistan, the army calls the shots. But if we encourage a military-to-military dialogue, it emphasises our view that as a democracy we will speak to the political establishment and restrict their army to only talks with our army.”
New Delhi is firm that it will not talk to Pakistan till the levels of violence come down. But the ceasefire has benefited both. “In Kashmir, it has led to reduced levels of militancy-related violence in the valley and a sharp fall in infiltration attempts,” says Raghavan. Clearly, peace has dividends for both countries.

UAE-based Gulf Petrochem Makes Open Offer to Buy up to 26% Stake in Sah PetroKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Mumbai: Gulf Petrochem Group, a UAE-based player in oil space, on Wednesday said it has made an open offer to acquire an up to 26 per cent stake in Sah Petroleums Ltd, a manufacturer of industrial and automotive oil lubricants in India, from its public shareholders.
The open offer has been made by Gulf Petrochem's subsidiaries - Gulf Petrochem Energy Pvt Ltd and Gulf Petrochem Pte Ltd - to acquire up to 13,255,940 equities representing 26 per cent of Sah Petroleums Ltd's share capital at a price of Rs 15.70 per share, a company statement said here.
The open offer will start on October 10 and is scheduled to close on October 28. Gulf Petrochem Energy and Gulf Petrochem Pte Ltd acquired 72.23 per cent in Sah Petroleums on July 31, 2014 pursuant to a share purchase agreement.
This open offer is being made in accordance with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011.
"The timing of this deal is perfect as India gears up for its 'Make in India' campaign and the government is keen to shape business friendly policies, especially in the oil sector, which is set to open anytime now.
This acquisition fits our strategy to make Gulf Petrochem Group a global conglomerate operating in oil space and have an integrated portfolio and also extend its capabilities to manufacture, supply and globally distribute a wider variety of products, from base oils to finished lubricants," Gulf Petrochem Group managing director Sudhir Goyel said.
Sah Petroleums specialises in industrial lubricants, automotive lubricants, process oils, transformer oils, greases and other specialties under the brand name IPOL in India and overseas.
The acquisition will further bolster Gulf Petrochem Group's offerings which are currently divided into six divisions, i.e. refining, storage terminals, trading & bunkering, bitumen and grease manufacturing and shipping and logistics.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 23:50 (IST)

Bond yields fall to a year s lowBond yields fall to a year's low
BS Reporter & Agencies | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 12:22 AM IST
Government bond yields dropped to a year's low on Wednesday on speculation a decline in global oil prices would aid the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)'s efforts to curb inflation.
The yield on the 10-year benchmark bond slid five basis points to 8.41 per cent, the lowest since September 2013. On Thursday, yields might see some correction, as RBI, after market hours on Wednesday, announced a government bond sale would be held on Monday, through open market operations. "The 10-year bond yield might rise a few basis points tomorrow (Thursday). The rise in yields might be up to five basis points," said a bond trader at a state-run bank.
Brent crude oil prices have fallen three per cent this month, reducing the risk of rising consumer price inflation in India, which imports about 80 per cent of its oil. The central bank aims to reduce Consumer Price Index-based inflation to six per cent by January 2016. Since September last year, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has raised the repo rate (the rate at which banks borrow funds from RBI) thrice to tame inflation.
"The decline in crude oil prices is certainly aiding sentiment, but we need to see how long this party lasts," said Harihar Krishnamoorthy, treasurer at FirstRand Bank. In the recent past, traders have resorted to buying bonds with maturities exceeding 10 years, as they feel these will provide better returns when interest rates start falling.
Meanwhile, one-year interest-rate swaps, derivative contracts used to guard against swings in funding costs, dropped four basis points to 8.38 per cent, the lowest in two months.
Debendra Kumar Dash, a fixed income trader at DCB Bank, said, "Oil is definitely a factor, but the market is also benefiting from increased demand for debt, as there's ample cash supply in the financial system."
Sale of G-sec worth Rs 10k cr
RBI will conduct sale of government securities worth Rs 10,000 crore through open market operations (OMOs) on Monday. The move is intended towards sucking out excess liquidity, responsible for rising yields in government bonds.
As part of OMOs, RBI will sell four government securities maturing in 2017 (bearing interest rate of 8.07 per cent), 2021 (8.79 per cent), 2026 (8.33 per cent) and 2027 (8.28 per cent).

Better earnings expected for Infosys this quarterBetter earnings expected for Infosys this quarter
Itika Sharma Punit | Bangalore Oct 09, 2014 12:50 AM IST
A better demand environment and lower costs are expected to aid Infosys, the country’s second largest information technology (IT) services company, to post a sequential improvement in financial performance for the July-September quarter (Q2 of 2014-15).
More than the figures, analysts and investors are focused on new chief executive officer Vishal Sikka’s comments about his strategy and vision.
Chief Operating Officer U B Pravin Rao had in an investor conference during August said internal discussion was on and a course of action might be introduced by October. Friday would be the first time when Infosys details its quarterly earnings after Sikka took charge on August 1. In view of his past role as chief technology officer of Germany-headquartered SAP, he is expected to give a big thrust on digital technologies and innovation. Additionally, amid reports of Sikka bringing in several of his former SAP colleagues on leadership roles, analysts are expecting some clarity on how new roles would be carved out for them, while ensuring no disruption among the existing staff.

Bhel in focus after winning contractBhel in focus after winning contract
BHEL gains on Rs 7 800 crore power project contractBHEL gains on Rs 7,800 crore power project contract
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 09:24 AM IST
Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) has rallied 4% to Rs 210 on NSE after state-run company said it has bagged EPC (engineering, procurement & construction) contract worth of Rs 7,800 crore for setting up a 1,320 MW thermal power project in Tamil Nadu.
Valued at around Rs 7,800 crore, the order for setting up a 2x660 MW coal-fired supercritical thermal power project at Ennore SEZ in Tamil Nadu from Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Limited (TANGEDCO), has been won by BHEL against International Competitive Bidding (ICB), which was open to all qualified domestic and foreign bidders and included debt financing by the bidder, BHEL said in a press release.
BHEL’s scope of work in the project includes design, engineering, manufacture, supply, construction, erection, testing & commissioning for the EPC Package comprising 2x660 MW supercritical sets, it added.
The stock opened at Rs 208 and touched a high of Rs 210 on NSE. A combined around one million shares changed hands on the counter in early morning deals on NSE and BSE.
 

Ciplas S. African arm inks sales  distribution tie-up with TevaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Cipla’s S. African arm inks sales, distribution tie-up with Teva
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Oct 9:  
Cipla’s South Africa-based subsidiary Cipla Medpro has announced its collaboration with Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries, the world’s largest generic pharmaceutical company.
Restricted to the territory of South Africa, the collaboration is a sales and distribution arrangement whereby Cipla Medpro will exclusively market Teva’s broad pharmaceutical product portfolio, Cipla said in a filing to the BSE.
The focus areas are oncology, the central nervous system, women’s health, cardiovascular and ophthalmology, amongst other speciality products.
The collaboration is subject to the approval of the Competition Commission of South Africa.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Cummins India shares gain; Deutsche upgrades to  buyCummins India shares gain; Deutsche upgrades to 'buy'
Reuters |  Oct 09, 2014 10:22 AM IST
Shares in Cummins India Ltd
gained 2.2% today on Bombay Stock Exchange.
Deutsche Bank upgrades the stock to "buy" from "hold" and calls Cummins its top pick in the industrials manufacturing sector.
Deutsche the stock could double in about three years, citing several reasons, including investment demand and attractive share price levels.

Ahluwalia Contacts rallies on Rs 178 crore constructions orderAhluwalia Contacts rallies on Rs 178 crore constructions order
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 09:53 AM IST
Ahluwalia Contracts (India) has rallied 6% to Rs 159 on National Stock Exchange (NSE) after the company said it has secured new orders aggregating to Rs 178 crore for construction of housing project including finishing & electrical works.
The company said the new aggregating order in first half of the financial year 2014-15 are Rs 792.85 crore (approx). The unexecuted order book as on September 30, 2014 is approximately Rs 3,350 crore.
The realty company has entered into technical collaboration with KUB STROY Russia for high speed precast construction using KUB 2.5 technology. The technology aids in high speed construction of structure using patented precast system, it added.
The stock hit a high of Rs 160 and has seen a combined around 30,000 shares changing hands on the counter so far on NSE and BSE.
 

All you need to know about HTC Desire Eye  RE  Eye Experience andZoeHere's a quick snapshot of the the HTC Desire Eye smartphone, RE hand-held camera, HTC Eye Experience and Zoe.
Tech Desk | New York | Posted: October 9, 2014 10:44 am | Updated: October 9, 2014 8:29 pm
HTC has introduced its new suite of imaging products at its event in New York. The new range consists of the HTC Desire Eye smartphone with two 13 MP cameras, HTC RE hand-held camera, HTC Eye Experience enhanced imaging software and Zoe collaborative video editing community.
The Desire Eye smartphone sports a 13 MP camera on the front as well as on the back side armed with  BSI sensors and comes with  intelligent dual-LED flash on both cameras. Featuring a 5.2-inch Full HD screen, the smartphone runs on a 2.3 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor with 2 GB RAM and Android 4.4 KitKat operating system. It features a  dual-colour, waterproof unibody design with a dedicated two-step camera key for focus.
Key specs of the Desire Eye smartphone:
5.2-inch Full HD 1080p
Android 4.4 KitKat with HTC Sense
2.3 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor
2 GB RAM
16 GB internal memory expandable up to 128 GB
Rear camera- 13MP, BSI sensor, f/2.0, 28 mm lens, wide angle, with HDR, 1080p Full HD video recording, Dual LED Flash
Front camera-  13MP, BSI sensor, f/2.0, 22 mm lens, wide angle, with HDR, 1080p Full HD video recording, Dual LED Flash, Auto focus with zoom
Sound-  HTC BoomSound, Dual front facing stereo speakers with built-in amplifiers, 3 microphones, Sense Voice
2G, 3G, 4G connectivity
2400 mAh battery
HTC EYE Experience
HTC claims that its HTC EYE Experience takes mobile imaging software into a new league with unique features. The HTC Eye Experience helps in video-conferencing and enables face tracking for up to four people in the same room and allows each face to be cropped and positioned on the screen for maximum clarity.
It also gives the option of screen sharing bringing desktop functionality to smartphone-based video chat  along with Split Capture function- combining simultaneous photos and videos taken on the front and back cameras into one split-screen image or video.
Crop-Me-In allows cropping from the image or video taken with the front-facing camera and positioning it within the scene captured by the main camera. It also features Voice Selfie
enabling users to trigger the shutter release with a simple command. “Simply “say cheese” as soon as you’ve struck the perfect pose or trigger the video recording with “action” or “rolling” commands,” according to a statement.
Popular additions to the HTC Desire 820 are also included in the HTC EYE Experience such
as face fusion, the feature that allows you to merge your face with that of a friend or celebrity for a completely original look and Live Makeup, where you can set the desired level of skin smoothing and preview the effect in real-time before the image is captured.
HTC RE
RE is a small handheld camera. RE features a built-in grip sensor that instantly activates the camera on pick up, eliminating the need for a power button. There is a single shutter button which allows one tap to capture photos and a longer press for video recording.
The RE features a high-resolution, 16MP CMOS sensor, Full HD (1080p) video recording, 146 degree wide-angle lens and slow-motion and time lapse recording.
The RE app features a remote live viewfinder that lets you set up the shot and watch the live action on the screen of your mobile device, or users can switch to album and playback view to flick through the shots and videos already stored on the camera.
The app will also back everything up to your phone or the cloud automatically. In addition, in the future, RE will offer real-time video streaming to YouTube. The RE app will be available on both Android and iOS.
Zoe
HTC also introduced its new Zoe collaborative video-editing app which allow users to mix photos and videos into stylish highlight reels, themes and soundtracks that can be shared. “Allowing friends to remix their content with yours, Zoe creates the ultimate highlight video for all to enjoy and share through their favorite social networks,” the statement said.
Zoe 1.0 brings flexibility to the community, enabling short, medium and long Zoes that can
be made up of just a couple of still images, or an entire series of video clips.
Integrating fully with RE, Zoe video highlights are automatically generated and ready to
share. Zoe is available free of charge on Android now and coming on iOS later this year.

Indian rupee jumps 31 paise against dollar to61.09Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 9, 2014 10:25 am
Extending its rising streak for the fourth straight day, the rupee surged by 31 paise to trade at two-week high of 61.09 against the dollar in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange on sustained selling of the US currency by exporters and banks.
Forex dealers said besides selling of the American unit by exporters and easing global crude prices, gains in other Asian currencies against the dollar and a higher opening in the domestic stock market, buoyed the sentiment.
The rupee had gained three paise to close at 61.40 against the dollar in yesterday’s trade due to strong selling pressure on the Greenback from banks and exporters.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex recovered sharply by 312.81 points, or 1.19 per cent, to trade at 26,559.60 in early trade.

PMs panel on climate change to be revivedPrint
Written by Amitabh Sinha | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:57 am | Updated: October 9, 2014 12:58 am
The government is all set to reconstitute and revive the Prime Minister’s Council on Climate Change, an advisory body that has not met in the last three years, as India prepares to assess its domestic actions on the issue.
The Council, established in 2007, had framed India’s National Action Plan on Climate Change in 2008 which had given rise to eight ‘missions’ to undertake actions that would put India on a low-carbon growth path and help adapting to the effects of climate change. These actions were considered essential to strengthen India’s case at the international climate change negotiations as well.
But the Council, chaired by the Prime Minister, has not met for the last few years and the eight ‘missions’ have meandered along, most of them under-achieving targets. With the Council unable to meet, an Executive Committee had been set up in January last year, mostly comprising officials from different ministries, to assist the Council and monitor the implementation of work being done by the eight ‘missions’, which include the National Solar Mission to promote solar energy, the National Water Mission to ensure sufficient supply of water for all kinds of uses, a Mission on Energy Efficiency, and the Green India Mission to increase green cover in the country.
With climate change firmly back on the international political agenda now, the Narendra Modi government is learnt to be working on reconstituting the Council soon. Sources said the composition of the Council, which had representation from the government and outside, could be different this time with more members from the industrial sector.
In the existing Council, only Ratan Tata, who was inducted in his capacity as chairman of the Investment Commission, was from the industry. Most of the government members will have to be changed because they no longer hold the positions by virtue of which they were included in the Council.
But more importantly, the Council is likely to make a comprehensive reassessment of domestic climate policy and review the functioning of the eight missions. The sources said in view of increasing international pressure on India, which is the world’s fourth largest emitter of greenhouse gases now, to take more ambitious actions on climate change, the government was likely to scale up the targets of each of the missions and lay down strict timelines for their implementation.
The sources said there was even the possibility of creating more missions.

Why e-tailers will beat retailers hollow this DiwaliOct 09, 2014, 11.42 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Flipkart probe scare may not deter online Diwali sale fests
Funded by easy equity money, ecommerce websites can continue to undercut prices, much to the chagrin of traditional retailers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Flipkart probe scare may not deter online Diwali sale fests
Funded by easy equity money, ecommerce websites can continue to undercut prices, much to the chagrin of traditional retailers.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
As the Indian ecommerce juggernaut rolls on, an eerie pall of gloom is said to be descending on many of the country's offline retail stores, ahead of the Diwali festive season, which usually is the best period for sales.
The script is now becoming familiar: a number of media reports, most recently in the Times of India today , are chronicling cases of customers walking in into a consumer-goods store, checking out a product and walking out after finding a cheaper price online while looking it up on their smartphones.
While only being a fraction of the USD 500-billion traditional retail industry, ecommerce has grown fivefold (from about USD 2.5 billion in 2009 to USD 13 billion in 2013) in four years.
This growth has largely been driven by the pricing strategy followed by websites. Compared to physical stores, online websites do not have costs related to real estate, sales staff and, in case of the marketplace model followed by most e-tailers in India, inventory.
As a result, they can afford to offer distinctly lower prices, which could be a significant saving for consumers on purchase of white goods and electronic items.
But of late, it is becoming increasingly clear that the widening price gap between the two sales medium for the same products is not merely a case of lower overhead costs for e-tailers.
The truth is: e-tailers do not want to make profits right now, and so many are selling below costs in the case of several products.
Several reports have pointed to the fact that in many of the recent flash sales, such as Flipkart's controversial Big Billion Day sale on Monday -- which brought the issue of the website's pricing strategy under scrutiny – e-tailers are willing to absorb losses arising from selling goods at steep discounts to buyers.
Such a practice, also termed predatory pricing (where the intention is to hurt the competition), can likely be judged anti-competitive, and so illegal. Commerce minister Nirmala Sitharaman yesterday conceded that the government had received complaints from traders about Flipkart's flash sale and would look into whether action is required.
But till as long as the government makes up its mind whether action needs to be taken, there is a larger game at play here.
Charmed by the stupendous revenue growth of ecommerce companies, investors have been pouring billions of dollars into these companies, even as most of them haven't reportedly turned out profits for years and are unlikely to in the foreseeable future.
This in turn also puts pressure on the ecommerce firm to justify the huge valuations by expanding its customer base, even if it means burning money to do that
A Citi report points out that out of the USD 6 billion invested in the ecommerce industry in the past three years, half has come in the past three months alone.
This capital rush is about entirely equity-driven, meaning companies have to only part with stakes in their firms to get access to money, instead of taking on debt and assuming interest costs.
"Key requirements for funding include acquiring customers either through discounts or marketing campaigns, warehousing and building a logistics network, scaling up the business (read headcount) as the business expands, acquisitions," says the Citi report, adding "the current focus of the companies is to gain market share, which is leading to increased marketing activity (including promotions)."
The reason the 'boring' offline firms, growing at the traditional growth rates cannot undercut their online peers or sell below cost is: minus the equity rush, the only way to do it will be via debt, which will be suicidal. Also, many are mature businesses, focused on making profits – especially in cases of listed companies such as Future Retail or Shoppers' Stop.
As Kishore Biyani, chief of Future Group, which runs the Big Bazaar chain, put it in an interview with CNBC-TV18 : “If you get thousands of dollars every year, you can keep on doing losses,” he said, referring to the series of under-cutting discounts sales launched by online firms recently.
Biyani pointed to the legal aspect of such practices, saying such firms should not be allowed to sell below cost. But till as long as the capital rush, or legal clarity comes in, this will likely continue.
RELATED NEWS

Re surges 31 paise vs $ to hit day s high of 61.04You are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Rupee ends day at 61.05 versus US dollar
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 05.03PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Extending its rising streak…)
MUMBAI: The rupee closed the day at 61.09 against the US greenback, after gaining 50 paise to 60.90 per dollar in intraday trade. This was on the back of persistent selling of the American unit by banks and exporters amid bearish dollar overseas and rallying domestic equities.
The rupee had resumed higher at 61.13 per dollar as against yesterday's closing level of 61.40 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange ( Forex ).
In the New York market, the US dollar languished at a two-week low against its major rivals in early trade, having fallen for a third straight session minutes after the US Federal Reserve's last policy meeting which prompted markets to push out the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DMK seeks Centres interventionUpdated: October 9, 2014 11:18 IST
DMK seeks Centre’s intervention
B. Kolappan
Tweet
DMK president M. Karunanidhi and general secretary K. Anbazhagan at a meeting of the district secretaries held at the party headquarters, Anna Arivalayam, in Chennai on Wednesday. PHOTO: R. RAGU
Accusing the AIADMK workers of showing scant regard for the judgment and showing the judge in a bad light, the resolution said they had also targeted Mr. Karunanidhi’s residence and the DMK office.
Alleging that the protests and acts of violence by AIADMK men against the conviction of the former Chief Minister, Jayalalithaa, in the assets case had brought the government machinery to a standstill, the DMK on Tuesday sought the Centre’s intervention to maintain law and order in the State.
“The actions of the ruling party men have disturbed life and created an emergency-like situation. It is condemnable that the police, instead of preventing anti-social activities, are abetting them,” said a resolution adopted at a meeting of the DMK district secretaries held here on Wednesday.
The meeting, presided over by president M. Karunanidhi, warned that if the excesses of the AIADMK men were allowed to continue, it would not only disturb public life and damage property but would also push the law and order situation beyond redemption.
Accusing the AIADMK workers of showing scant regard for the judgment and showing the judge in a bad light, the resolution said they had also targeted Mr. Karunanidhi’s residence and the DMK office.
Protest planned
Another resolution said the district secretaries would organise fast and demonstrations to highlight the AIADMK government’s failure on various fronts.
PMK’s plea
Making a strong case for invocation of Article 355, PMK founder S. Ramadoss on Tuesday sought the disqualification of Ministers N.C. Sampath and B. Valarmathi for allegedly putting up posters denigrating the Special Court’s judgment.
Talking to reporters here, he said that as the PMK was against the President’s Rule under Article 356, he was demanding invocation of Article 355 under which the Centre was duty-bound to ensure that the government of every State was carried on in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution.
“Ever since Ms. Jayalalithaa was convicted, the ruling party men have been indulging in violence and protests, causing losses to the tune of Rs.1,000 crore, especially when traders are hoping to make a profit during the Deepavali season. This money should be recovered from the AIADMK,”
Dr. Ramadoss also urged the DMK leader M. Karunanidhi to shed his reticence and come out openly about Ms. Jayalalithaa’s conviction. “It is a mystery why he is remaining silent. The people of the country are keen on knowing his opinion,” he said.
RELATED NEWS

Live: Modi s address at Global Investors Summit  IndorePTI Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Minister, Kalraj Mishra and Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan light the lamp while Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan looks on during the inauguration of Global Investors Summit 2014 in Indore on Wednesday.
The Hindu's Mahim Pratap Singh live tweets from the Global Investor Summit taking place in Indore

Modi has a practical approach to trade  investment:BhagwatiOct 09, 2014, 11.12 AM IST  | Source: PTI
Modi has a practical approach to trade, investment:Bhagwati
Highly appreciative of the administrative measures taken by the new Indian government, Bhagwati believes that Modi would be able to address problems of large-scale unemployment by promoting labour-intensive investments.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Modi has a practical approach to trade, investment:Bhagwati
Highly appreciative of the administrative measures taken by the new Indian government, Bhagwati believes that Modi would be able to address problems of large-scale unemployment by promoting labour-intensive investments.
Post your opinion here
 
Endorsing the steps initiated by Narendra Modi-government to boost India's economy, noted economist Jagdish Bhagwati has said the Indian Prime Minister has a "practical approach" to trade and investment.
Highly appreciative of the administrative measures taken by the new Indian government, Bhagwati believes that Modi would be able to address problems of large-scale unemployment by promoting labour-intensive investments. In an interview to Bloomberg News TV, the Columbia University professor, however, said that because of BJP's opposition to multi-brand retail it is unlikely that Wal-Mart would be visible in India soon.
"The new Prime Minister, his DNA is that of the Gujarat state, which is also where I come from. Which is a practical approach to trade and investment. So he's loosened up trade a great deal in his own home state and on the direct investment, on equity investment, he's also been, we've had one-stop shopping actually within a week he would clear investments," Bhagwati said.
"Now he is scaling it up at the national level," he said. When asked about Wal-Mart's India presence, Bhagwati said: "I think it will happen soon."
"But it won't happen right away because the Prime Minister's party is often supported by small retailers who are actually complaining about the inability to compete with big firms like Wal-Mart."
The top economist based in New York, said Modi would address unemployment "by promoting a whole lot of labour-intensive investments". Bhagwati said it is possible to combine modern technics with labour-intensive methods of production. "These are not necessarily alternatives...before Modi came in (it) was (considered) to go in for highly capital intensive
projects."
"They were not necessarily more efficient but they just used up a lot of capital and did not create enough impact," he said. "And alongside this, there was of course a lot of regulation which prevented the small funds from expanding," Bhagwati said.
The top Indian-American economist said: "So we got to eliminate the labour law but the Prime Minister has said that's what he's going to do. And it's a bit like clearing up after a Tsunami."
"We have just had our 120 days and what he's done so far is quite remarkable," he said. He said "fantastic" when asked about the 300 new investments coming to India.
RELATED NEWS

LT Finance Holdings  Q2 results on October 22  2014Oct 09, 2014, 11.04 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
L&T Finance Holdings' Q2 results on October 22, 2014
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 22, 2014, inter alia, to consider and approve Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
L&T Finance Holdings' Q2 results on October 22, 2014
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 22, 2014, inter alia, to consider and approve Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Post your opinion here
 
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 22, 2014, inter alia, to consider and approve Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).Further, as per the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 1992 and Company's internal Code for Prevention of Insider Trading, the Trading Window for dealing in the securities of the Company is closed for the Company's Directors/Officers and designated employees of the Company from October 01, 2014 to October 23, 2014.Source : BSE

Vertex Securities to hold board meetingVertex Securities to hold board meeting
Cipla up 3% on collaboration with Teva for South AfricaCipla up 3% on collaboration with Teva for South Africa
Silver futures climb 1.28% on firm global cuesSilver futures climb 1.28% on firm global cues
Rupee  Gold  Stocks Climb on Fed Minutes; Oil WeakensRupee  Gold  Stocks Climb on Fed Minutes; Oil Weakens
Polaris Financial Tech stock slips 17%Polaris Financial Tech stock slips 17%
What investors should do with Infosys stock ahead of Q2 show as expectations ride highWhat investors should do with Infosys stock ahead of Q2 show as expectations ride high
Ahluwalia Contracts surges after winning constructions orderAhluwalia Contracts surges after winning constructions order
Cyclone alert for Odisha  Andhra PradeshCyclone alert for Odisha  Andhra Pradesh
Narendra Modi dividend may push up growth  economy set to grow by 6.4% in 2015-16: World BankCare Ratings
(The World Bank calls for…)
NEW DELHI: A 'Modi dividend' could lift India's economic growth to 6.4% in 2015-16, the World Bank has said, referring to a possible boost to the animal spirits of entrepreneurs due to the coming to power in May of a government perceived to be more market-friendly than the previous one.
"The Indian economy , 80% of the (South Asia) region's output, is set to grow by 6.4% in 2015-16 after 5.6% in 2014-15...India is benefiting from a 'Modi dividend'," noted the World Bank's bi-annual report, South Asia Economic Focus. Apart from the rather unusual personalisation of the sources of India's economic growth, the report is otherwise along conventional lines.
China's Growth Will Slow to 7.2%
The World Bank calls for structural reforms and prudent macroeconomic management for a better medium-term outcome. "The Modi effect is definitely playing out as far as capital inflows are concerned. Inflation needs to trend downwards, but the external and fiscal positions look very promising," said Soumya Kanti Ghosh, chief economic adviser at SBI.
He added that the current year's growth could turn out to be higher than the 5.6% estimated by the World Bank. As far as India's giant neighbour is concerned, the World Bank has estimated that China's growth will slow to 7.2% next year, a cut from the 7.5% estimated in April this year. The bank also does not see any threat for India because of the likely withdrawal of US monetary stimulus over the rest of 2014 and 2015, as the economy is now stronger in terms of its ability to manage current account.
India's economic growth will accelerate to touch the 7% mark in 2016-17, according to the report, which took note of recent policy measures undertaken. These include liberalisation of foreign direct investment in railways and defence, disbanding of the Planning Commission and its replacement by an economic advisory body, financial inclusion as well as actions to simplify land acquisition and reform labour laws.
India's economy turned around sharply in the first quarter of 2014-15 to grow at 5.8%, bucking the dismal sub-5% growth of the last two years. "India's growth performance remains strong vis-a-vis emerging market peers," the World Bank said. Private investment is expected to pick up thanks to the new government's business orientation and declining oil prices should boost private sector competitiveness, it added. "The 'Modi Dividend' is coming out from the positive sentiment, as reflected in the stock market .
All economic indicators look positive, aided by the base effect and actual recovery in some areas. But there is a lot of resolution shown by the government in areas like fiscal deficit and current account deficit. We expect economy to see an all round recovery soon," said Madan Sabnavis, chief economist at CARE Ratings .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Banks can shift excess bonds from HTM thrice/year from 2015: RBIgovernment securities
(The Reserve Bank today said…)
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank today said banks can shift their excess bond holdings to trading portfolios from the held-to-maturity (HTM) basket thrice a year from 2015 to deepen government securities market.
Presently, banks are allowed to shift investments to/from HTM once a year and it is normally allowed at the beginning of the accounting year.
"In order to enable banks to shift their excess SLR securities from the HTM category to AFS/HFT...it has been decided to allow such shifting of the excess securities at the beginning of January, July and September 2015," RBI said in a notification.
This is in addition to the shifting permitted at the beginning of the accounting year (April 2015).
The transfers can be done in January, July and September next year and will be excluded from the 5 per cent cap prescribed for selling or transferring securities to and from HTM in a year, it said.
With an aim to develop the government securities market and enhance liquidity, RBI in its September 30 monetary policy review brought down the ceiling on SLR securities under the HTM category from 24 per cent of total deposits to 22 per cent in a phased manner.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI promotes 3 senior officials as EDs  reshuffles portfoliosRBI promotes 3 senior officials as EDs, reshuffles portfolios
ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 03.46AM IST
Tags:
Foreign exchange
(The Reserve Bank of India…)
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India has created two more positions of executive directors and prepared the ground for a fifth deputy governor as governor Raghuram Rajan looks to lift the central bank's analytical and research capabilities to equal that of the US Federal Reserve and the Bank of England. RBI on Tuesday appointed Michael Patra, KK Vohra and G Mahalingam as new executive directors.
"As a part of the restructuring exercise which is underway, the Reserve Bank of India has created two new posts of executive directors (EDs) and has also appointed a new ED against an existing vacancy," a central bank release said. RBI is also restructuring some departments as part of its reorganisation exercise already underway. The RBI board had recently approved Rajan's proposal for a radical overhaul of the institution to shake up a system seen as staid and rigid, by shrinking organisational bloat and reducing overlaps. It also approved establishing the post of a chief operating officer besides an additional deputy governor and executive.
In the revised portfolio, which will be effective from November 3, Michael Patra will be in charge of the departments of communication, economic analysis and policy research and monetary policy. Vohra will be in charge of corporate strategy and budget management and HR department, among others, while Mahalingam will head the international department and financial market operations departments, among others. Deepak Mohanty, who has been executive director in charge of departments of monetary policy and economic analysis of policy research, will now take charge of financial stability unit and inspection department, among others.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Understanding India s love for Xiaomi and OPPOYou are here: Home > Collections
Understanding India's love for 'China maal' like Xiaomi, Gionee & OPPO
Mukta Lad, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 08.16AM IST
Tags:
China
(To Indians, a China-made…)
Years ago, Monty Python wrote a song that went on to become one of their greatest hits. Irreverent, tongue-in-cheek and heavy on political incorrectness, it was called I Like Chinese.
If you choose not to let the racist bits affect you (They only come up to your knees?!), the rest of the song glorifies China's contribution to the world — "There's Maoism, Taoism, I Ching and chess..." they listed. But then, if Monty Python had written this song today, they would've definitely added more to that list, like China-made smartphones, for instance.
If you told Indian buyers five years ago that highend 'Made in China' phones would vie for a significant share in the Indian smartphone market, they would thank you for the good laugh. For long, phones from across the border meant just one thing — cheap rip-offs of Apple and Samsung, with low build quality and poor design. Not too many people aspiring to own the real iPhone would be seen with 'China maal'!
Then, homegrown companies like Micromax and Karbonn saw an opportunity, importing phones from China and marketing them under their brand in India, a strategy that worked wonders for them.
Cut to 2014, to a time when China's No 1 smartphone brand, Xiaomi, holds weekly sales for the Redmi 1s (while flash sales for the Mi3 are said to be back this festive season). Try not to blink, though; it takes anything between 2.4 seconds to 5 seconds for Xiaomi's phones to get sold out. Meanwhile, another Chinese brand, Gionee, has released a high-decibel campaign claiming a user upgrades to a Gionee every seven seconds.
Not too far behind comes China-born OPPO Mobile, with 10 models ranging from the affordable to high-end. It even has Hrithik Roshan and Sonam Kapoor as brand ambassadors. As of August, these phones are estimated to have a market share of 5 per cent in the Indian smartphone segment.
Not much compared to Samsung's 29 per cent, but then again, six years ago, homegrown brand Micromax was just at 1 per cent, and is now perched at No 2 with a market share of 18 per cent in smartphones. With these numbers, it would seem naive to write off China's entry.
So what is it about these phones that is helping Indians overcome their prejudices? Suman Srivastava, founder and innovation artist, Marketing Unplugged explains "Futurebrand, in its 2014 report, found that China ranks No 9 in the global list of the Best Country of Origin. Brands like Lenovo, Alibaba and maybe Xiaomi, are helping China improve," he says.
"Till about five years ago, Chinese companies sold cheap, poor quality phones in India. Despite being the manufacturing capital of the world, the bias against China-made phones obviously grew after one saw these products," says Manu Kumar Jain, India head, Xiaomi. Arvind R Vohra, Gionee's India head, adds, "It wasn't long before Chinese brands realised they could enter the Indian market themselves, considering they had the manufacturing capability," he says.
But whether it's Xiaomi, Gionee or OPPO, they all agree about three things — the power of a great product, innovation and competitive pricing. Forces strong enough to overcome any anti-Chinese sentiment. "The products themselves are the key to success," says Tom Lu, CEO, OPPO Mobiles India. "Any user looking for a great device and an incredible experience will choose a product based on its features, specifications, looks and ROI."
Jain attributes Xiaomi's success to the build quality, the chipset, the camera and the works. A phone is worth nothing if it doesn't come with great hardware and software, he says. Affordability is and always has been the Indian buyers' weakness. Here is where these brands believe they score over established names. "We are an aspirational brand, because of the way we price ourselves," Vohra elaborates.
"Our phones cost 10 per cent more than Indian-make phones in the same segment, but 40 per cent lesser than Samsung." Jain believes that the Xiaomi Mi3, for instance, packs a punch at Rs 13,999. "We are selling a phone easily worth over Rs 40000 at such a low price. Buyers tend to forget their biases when they get value for money."
But how has the journey been for the Chinese-origin Lenovo, who forayed into smartphones recently? A brand known for PCs, laptops and tablets, it certainly didn't have to introduce itself. But then, it couldn't have been easy to get consumers to associate the name with smartphones, either.
"We are a company with Chinese origins, but consider ourselves a global brand," explains Lenovo's Shailendra Katyal, director - home and small business (India & South Asia). "We have the advantage of a portfolio over price. It also helps that we aren't an unknown, entry-level brand in the smartphone ecosystem."

Samsung faces pressure from Chinese competitors; poor results keep comingSamsung faces pressure from Chinese competitors; poor results keep coming
New York Times Oct 7, 2014, 03.39PM IST
Tags:
(Company said that its operating…)
By Paul Mozur
For Samsung Electronics, the South Korean smartphone maker, the poor results keep coming.
The company said in a short statement on Tuesday that its operating profit and sales probably fell from July through September compared with the same period a year earlier, an indication of the growing pressure it faces from competitors.
The forecast, which was well below analyst estimates, added gloom to a tough year for the company. Samsung has now posted four consecutive quarters of decline in operating profit.
Ascendant Chinese smartphone makers are putting pressure on the company by offering a range of cheap smartphones in developing markets. At the same time, Apple's new cooperation with carriers in Japan and China has helped spur sales. Analysts also say the new, larger iPhone 6 could lure away Samsung users accustomed to larger screens.
Samsung said Tuesday it expected an operating profit of about 4.1 trillion won, or $3.8 billion, in the period from July through September, down 60 per cent from 10.2 trillion won a year earlier. Sales totaled about 47 trillion won, down 20 per cent from 59.1 trillion a year earlier. The guidance comes ahead of final third-quarter results expected to be released at the end of October.
Lee Min-hee, an analyst at IM Investment and Securities, said he expected Samsung to give a makeover to its lower-cost phones to address the competition, potentially introducing handsets with metal casings later this year.
"Samsung's profits in the mobile division will continue to deteriorate during this period of changing their line of smartphones," he said.
In China, the world's largest smartphone market by number of phones sold, Samsung slid to second in market share in the period from April through June behind the Chinese company Xiaomi , according to the research firm Canalys.
"With the market in China becoming even more competitive, it will not be straightforward to re-establish leadership" for Samsung, Canalys wrote in a report. The top eight Chinese smartphone vendors in the country controlled 65 per cent of the market, the report said.
Samsung moved up the release in China of its new Galaxy Note 4 to the end of September to get a head start on Apple after a regulatory delay pushed back the release of the iPhone 6 to Oct. 17, according to analysts.
Still, the larger iPhone could pose a bigger challenge to Samsung than previous versions have because many Chinese buyers prefer phones with large screens. Apple said it sold 10 million iPhones globally the first weekend after it went on sale, higher than the nine million of the previous generation it sold last year.
In the period from April through June, Samsung had a global smartphone market share of 25 per cent, a 7 per cent drop from the same period a year earlier, according to the research firm IDC.
"To maintain its position at the top, Samsung will need to focus on building momentum in markets dominated by local brands," IDC said in the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cancel projects given to Chinese companies  demand local power firmsYou are here: Home > Collections > Transmission
Cancel projects given to Chinese companies, demand local power firms
Mitul Thakkar, ET Bureau Oct 7, 2014, 06.17AM IST
Tags:
Chinese companies
(The IEEMA last month wrote…)
NEW DELHI: Domestic electrical and electronics equipment makers have asked the government to cancel projects awarded to Chinese state-run firms, arguing that India's critical power distribution system could prove vulnerable and the country may face blackouts if these firms decide to manipulate and damage the national grid.
According to the Indian Electrical and Electronics Manufacturers' Association (IEEMA), Chinese firms have been awarded a number of projects to install supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) systems for better power distribution management in 18 cities of Tamil Nadu, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Puducherry.
The IEEMA last month wrote to the power ministry that China had reportedly mounted almost daily attacks on both government and private computer networks in India, showing its intent and capability over the past one and a half years.
"Under such critical scenario, awarding automation projects related to power distribution network to Chinese company which is under the direct administration of Chinese central government will be a serious threat to national security as electric distribution system carry power to pipelines, water systems, telecommunications and other critical infrastructure, while also serving critical government or military facilities," said the letter, written by IEEMA director general Sunil Misra.
The association added in the letter, "We strongly feel that the government of India should be more focused towards proper security planning and addressing key risks associated towards national critical infrastructure."
The association said that the data of the system was vulnerable to threat and its connectivity to transmission system could pose a threat to the national power transmission grid. "Distribution management system has connectivity to utilities, customer care and billing system which leads to vulnerability to customer database," the letter said.
Till March, the power ministry had sanctioned projects worth about Rs 40,000 crore under its restructured accelerated power development and reforms programme to reduce the transmission and distribution losses.
The association, which was founded in 1948 and has 800 gear makers for power sector as its members, has been opposing imports of Chinese equipment that have been making increasing inroads into the Indian market with their cost competitiveness.
Cyber security experts also believe Chinese equipment poses a threat to Indian power transmission and distribution system.
India has just commissioned a centralised power grid system and there has been learning from Iran where SCADA system was infested with Stuxnet worm, said Mumbai-based cyber law and security expert Prashant Mali, who is a board member of the government's National Security Database project and chairs Cyber Law Foundation.
"The challenge is that equipment supplied and maintained by China can have hidden Trojans that are not detected by Indian agencies and can take control of Indian power grid partially or for some amount of time," said Mali, who also questioned China's intentions behind supplying cheaper electrical equipment and manpower.
Ethical hacker Ankit Fadia said that India's power distribution system is not connected with the internet and is not vulnerable. He added, though, that the system can be manipulated from a remote place if the equipment itself is compromised.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold rises in futures trade on global cuesGold rises in futures trade on global cues
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 8:  
Gold prices rose 0.27 per cent to Rs 27,020 per 10 grams in futures trade today as speculators created fresh positions after the precious metal resurged in global markets.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in February next year was up by Rs 72, or 0.27 per cent, to Rs 27,020 per 10 grams in a business turnover of just one lot.
The metal for delivery in December moved up by Rs 50, or 0.19 per cent, to Rs 26,860 per 10 grams in a turnover of 458 lots.
Market analysts said further recovery in the precious metal in global markets as the drop to this year’s low lured Chinese buyers returning from a week-long break and pick-up in demand at domestic market for the festive season, influenced gold prices at futures trade here.
Gold prices spurted by Rs 210 to Rs 27,280 per ten grams in the national capital in yesterday’s trade.
Meanwhile, gold climbed as much as 0.50 per cent to US $1,214.54 an ounce in Singapore today.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Pakistan continues to violate ceasefire along LoCpicture  others
Pakistan continues to violate ceasefire along LoC
A woman is brought to a government medical college hospital after she was injured in firing by Pakistani troops across the India Pakistan border at Jora farm in Ranbir Singh Pura, in Jammu.
Indian and Pakistani troops fired bullets and mortar shells across the border between Kashmir and Pakistan for a second day Tuesday, with both accusing the other of provoking the violence. (Source: AP)
Man carries a boy, injured reportedly in firing and shelling from Pakistan side at Jora farm in Ranbir Singh Pura of the India-Pakistan border, for treatment to the government medical college hospital, in Jammu. (Source: AP)
A man, injured reportedly in firing and shelling from Pakistan side at Jora farm in Ranbir Singh Pura of the India-Pakistan border, is carried on a stretcher outside the government medical college hospital, in Jammu. (Source: AP)
A boy is carried on a stretcher for treatment to the government medical college hospital, in Jammu, following firing from the Pakistani side of the border in Samba. (Source: AP)
A civilian, injured in reported firing from the Pakistani side of the border in Samba, arrives for treatment at the Government Medical College hospital in Jammu. (Source: AP)
A man is brought on a stretcher for treatment at the government medical college hospital following firing by Pakistani troops across the India Pakistan border at Jora farm, in Ranbir Singh Pura, in Jammu. (Source: AP)
A woman is brought to a government medical college hospital after she was injured in firing by Pakistani troops across the India Pakistan border at Jora farm in Ranbir Singh Pura, in Jammu.  (Source: AP)
Border villagers take shelter in a Govt school  after heavy firing at Arnia village, in Jammu. (Source: AP)
A civilian, injured in reported firing from the Pakistani side of the border in Samba, arrives for treatment at the Government Medical College hospital in Jammu. (Source: AP)
Related

Does anyone care that the West Indians are hereMore
Does anyone care that the West Indians are here?
There has been absolutely no build-up to this series, such has been the glut of cricket since the IPL
By Sidharth Monga | ESPNcricinfo –  Wed 8 Oct, 2014 11:02 AM IST
Tweet
0
A little over a month ago, England beat India in the final ODI of a series they had already lost. At the press conference, Alastair Cook thanked and said goodbye to the journalists, never mind they had been calling for his head all summer. He was not going to play the Twenty20 international two days later. There was time for humour when a journalist told him, "See you in the West Indies [England's next Test assignment, in 2015]." Cook replied, "Oh, you are not covering Sri Lanka [England's next ODI assignment, in December]?" Cook's season was over and hostilities had been dropped momentarily.
Around the same time India's captain MS Dhoni was reading on his Blackberry an email briefing him about travel plans for the Champions League T20. There were to be five days between the end of the two-and-a-half-month tour of England and the start of the Champions League T20. Dhoni didn't say goodbyes to anyone when the England tour ended. His season wasn't over. When he won the Champions League T20, it is unlikely he would have said goodbyes. He will be back playing West Indies three days later. Nobody has had a chance to miss Dhoni or his other India cricketers.
A lacklustre opposition gives India room to prioritise the Tests in Australia. Indian cricket has no season or off-season anymore. It is like entertainment wrestling - two big shows, a reality show and two other smaller shows every week, and a big pay-per-view every month, all year round. England tour merges into Champions League merges into home season merges into Australia tour merges into World Cup merges into IPL. The consequence is that you will struggle to think of an international season in India that has begun amid such indifference. We are on the eve of possibly the least anticipated, looked forward to, and advertised season in India.
Hardly anyone is talking about the series. It doesn't help that the visiting team is West Indies, here for the third time in four seasons. Not many Indian fans are glancing at scorecards of their tour games to see which player could be a threat.
It is difficult to get excited about a team that lost two Tests in just over five days on their last trip to India. A team whose batsmen keep swinging with high back-lifts even when the ball is reverse-swinging on pitches that generally keep low. A team whose best players until now were more interested in T20 leagues than international cricket. Only those with little heart will grudge a surprise from this West Indies unit, but their track record won't make you hold your breath.
This season could be a watershed in the consumption of cricket: the T20 leagues might not have become as popular as they are perceived to be, but this indifference to an international season in India is a signal that cricket all year round, combined with lack of quality opposition, could be difficult to sustain.
Earlier this year, when the Big Three ushered in changes in the ICC, its new chairman N Srinivasan spoke of the importance of a well-defined home season for India. Right now, the BCCI AGM, an envelope and court cases, and the T20 leagues seem to have taken priority. Perhaps the BCCI takes for granted that the Indian public has no other form of entertainment and will flock to grounds and TV sets even if no attempt is made to build up to a season.
The next contest most Indian fans are looking forward to is the tour of Australia, after yet another debacle in away Tests in England. It won't be such a bad idea to take this West Indies series for granted from the team composition point of view too, in order to give India a chance to put up a better fight in Australia. In England, India's key players were defeated by the conditions and the relentlessness of a five-Test series. India's build-up to Australia will be thinner: a pair of two-day games and no other practice matches in between the Tests.
A lacklustre opposition gives India room to prioritise the Tests in Australia. They should identify a few players who will be key in those conditions, and send them there for the whole of November. The BCCI could request CA to let them play in their domestic tournaments. If that isn't possible, even club cricket would do. It is about getting attuned to how the ball behaves in Australia. And once again, it will be a side with little experience of the conditions that will enter the Gabbatoir in the first week of December. Acclimatisation has always been a big problem for India, one that has often been neglected. There is an opportunity this year to correct that.
It will be a blow to the home Tests if key players are missing, but the home season doesn't seem to be anybody's priority this year anyway.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

CIL divestment should begin after DiwaliCIL divestment should begin after Diwali in October, says finance ministry official
Himank Sharma        Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 14:23 IST
Coal India Ltd's (CIL) divestment process should begin immediately after the Diwali festival on October 23, Manoj Joshi, joint secretary of financial markets in the Finance Ministry, said on Wednesday.
The government wants to sell a 10 per cent stake in the state-owned company this fiscal year ending March 31 as part of many divestments aimed at bolstering its stressed finances.
(Reuters)

Sachin Tendulkar at 82nd Air Force Day paradepicture  others
Sachin Tendulkar at 82nd Air Force Day parade
Former Indian cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, the first sportsperson to be made honourary Group Captain in the Indian Air Force, attended the 82nd Air Force Day celebrations in Hindan on Wednesday (October 8).  (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
The iconic batsman was conferred with the IAF honorary rank of Group Captain to honour his cricketing achievements in 2010 amid much fanfare.
Tendulkar arrives with his wife Anjali. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
He was the first personality with no aviation background to receive the honour. The rank was conferred on Sachin Tendulkar under the provision of granting honorary rank by armed forces to  eminent personalities acknowledging their contribution towards the nation.
Sachin interacts with Navy Chief Admiral RK Dhowan while Anjali looks on. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
Sachin Tendulkar interacts with he Army Chief General Dalbir Singh and Navy Chief Admiral RK Dhowan at the ceremony.  (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
The 41-year-old Mumbaikar retired from international cricket last year in November after playing 200 Test matches. Seen here with Army Chief General Dalbir Singh.  (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha reviews the parade during the 82nd Air Force Day function at Air Force Station Hindon in Ghaziabad on Wednesday. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
Army Chief General Dalbir Singh at Air Force Station Hindon in Ghaziabad on Wednesday. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
Air Force Day celebration at Air Force Station Hindon in Ghaziabad on Wednesday. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
PM Narendra Modi also  saluted the air force personnel on Air Force Day saying they are the nation's pride and their bravery and commitment continues to inspire. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Mehra)
Related

Infosys shares fall 5 per cent on reports of downgradeInfosys shares fall 5 per cent on reports of downgrade
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 15:43 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of Infosys, the IT services major , fell by almost five per cent in afternoon trade on Wednesday amid reports of a stock downgrade.
The company's stock plunged 4.73 per cent to Rs 3649 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), while at the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the scrip was down 4.75 per cent to Rs 3,649.30.
Infosys was the biggest loser among the 30-bluechips on the BSE Sensex.
As per media reports, global financial services major Citigroup has downgraded Infosys to 'neutral' from 'buy'.
The IT services provider will declare its July-September quarter earnings on Friday.
Meanwhile, the 30-share BSE index Sensex was trading lower by 31.66 points at 26,240.31 during afternoon trade.

Hiring records 14% growth; IT/Telecom shines: TimesJobs RecruiteXHiring records 14% growth; IT/Telecom sector shines again: TimesJobs RecruiteX
Oct 7, 2014, 06.27PM IST
(From January 2014 to September…)
By: TimesJobs.com Bureau
The Indian job market is touching new highs with the IT/Telecom industry writing its strongest growth story with a 20 per cent increase in jobs in just one month, reports RecruiteX, the Jobs Index by TimesJobs.com. The index recorded a 14 per cent increase in September 2014 over August 2014. From January 2014 to September 2014 period, there has been a 21 per cent increase in demand for IT/Telecom professionals, shows RecruiteX. This is clearly an exciting time for IT job-seekers in India Inc. They never had it so good in recent times.
Demand doubled for Senior IT professionals
The hiring pattern is strong across all levels in the IT/Telecom industry. The time is best for senior IT professionals to look for a job. Job opportunities have doubled for senior IT professionals with over 20 year's experience, with a 67 per cent increase from January 2014 to September 2014 period. IT professionals with 10-15 years experience reported a 20 per cent increase during the same period.
As per TimesJobs.com data, software engineers, application programmers, database administrators (DBA), graphic designers/animators/web designers and project leaders/project managers are the hottest jobs in the IT industry, currently.
Jobs galore across industries
The good news is that the abundance in jobs is not limited to the IT/Telecom industry only. The ITeS/BPO industry has also reported an 18 per cent increase in job postings in September 2014. Hiring in high-volume sectors such as BFSI, retail, healthcare/pharmaceutical/biotechnology is on a revival mode. Post the announcement of Prime Minister Modi's 'Make in India' campaign, hiring has stabilised in manufacturing driven sectors such as manufacturing/engineering, automobiles/auto components, consumer durables/FMCG and projects/infrastructure in September 2014 over August 2014.
According to TimesJobs.com RecruiteX, employers are actively looking for Research and Development professionals as they witnessed a 27 per cent growth in jobs in September 2014. A strong demand pattern is also observed for HR/Training and Administrative profiles. Customer-centric profiles such as customer/service and marketing & advertising are also in demand.
Delhi Tops Recruitment Charts
Among the top metros, Delhi NCR is leading the recruitment charts with a 21 per cent increase in job postings followed by Bangalore. In tier I locations, Hyderabad reported a double-digit growth in demand.
Mid-level hiring, professionals with 5-10 years experience, was upbeat in September 2014. The demand for over 20 years experience and 2-5 years experience reported a 10 and 12 per cent growth, respectively.
Considering the current pattern, it seems the Indian job market will stabilise in the coming months as the major sectors are on a revival mode and stabilising hiring activity across core and support functions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex falls for 3rd day; IT pharma drag; oil  banks gainOct 08, 2014, 04.40 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex falls for 3rd day; IT & pharma drag; oil, banks gain
Overall it was a directionless trade due to lack of triggers. The near term triggers for the market would be July-September quarter earnings that will start on Friday with Infosys and August industrial output data on Friday evening.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex falls for 3rd day; IT & pharma drag; oil, banks gain
Overall it was a directionless trade due to lack of triggers. The near term triggers for the market would be July-September quarter earnings that will start on Friday with Infosys and August industrial output data on Friday evening.
Post your opinion here
16:40
Moneycontrol Bureau
Equity benchmarks saw consolidation on Wednesday after a percent fall in previous session. Technology and healthcare stocks hit hard while banks, oil & gas and capital goods stocks supported the market.
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell 25.18 points to 26246.79 and the 50-share NSE Nifty dropped below 7850 level, down 9.70 points to close at 7842.70, continuing decline for the third consecutive session weighed down slightly by weak global cues. Asian peers (barring Shanghai that hit 18-month peak) closed lower while European markets were down around 0.5 percent (at 16 hours IST).
Overall it was a directionless trade due to lack of triggers. The near term triggers for the market would be July-September quarter earnings that will start on Friday with Infosys and August industrial output data on Friday evening.
Though there has been profit booking from last two weeks, experts are not worried about this southward move.
Adrian Mowat, Chief Asian & Emerging Equity Strategist, JPMorgan says India looks extremely favourable moving in FY15, and believes it would be an outperformer in FY16.
According to him, the new government has done a lot of good things at an executive level and the brokerage is particularly excited about the proposal of managing food inflation.
Structurally, he is bearish on crude oil but thinks low crude oil prices would bode well for India per se.
Brent crude fell below USD 91 a barrel intraday on global growth and oil glut concerns. It was trading at 91.21 a barrel, down USD 0.9. Experts believe this may help oil marketing companies to improve profitability and this may reduce subsidy sharing burden on oil and gas explorers.
BPCL, HPCL and IOC surged 4-7 percent while ONGC gained 2.3 percent. Reliance Industries was up over a percent.
Engineering and construction major Larsen and Toubro was up 2 percent after its subsidiary L&T Technology Services announced the intent to acquire the assets of US-based Dell Product and Process Innovation Services (formerly eServ), the engineering services division of Dell.
Top lender State Bank of India rose 1.8 percent after brokerage house CLSA said it is the top pick among PSU banks given its strong deposit franchise, well capitalised balance sheet and focus on profitability. The brokerage maintains buy on the stock with a target price of Rs 3,160.
Tata Steel topped the buying list, up 3.5 percent followed by ICICI Bank, ITC, HDFC Bank, Tata Motors, Axis Bank, NTPC, M&M, BHEL and Tata Power with 0.7-2 percent.
However, the BSE IT and Healthcare indices plunged over 2 percent. In the technology space, Infosys, Tech Mahindra and Mindtree were down 4-5 percent after Citi downgraded Infosys to neutral with a target price of Rs 4,065 , and downgraded Tech Mahindra and Mindtree to sell with a target price of Rs 1,060 and Rs 2,375, respectively.
Wipro was down 4 percent and TCS declined 1.9 percent.
Pharma stocks were under pressure after the US Congress began investigation into price hikes of 10 select generic drugs involving players like Sun Pharma (stock down 4.3 percent), Dr Reddy’s Labs (down 4.4 percent) and Cadila Healthcare (down 0.14 percent). Ranbaxy Labs declined 3.8 percent and Cipla was down 2.5 percent.
In the broader space, fertiliser stocks like Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilisers, National Fertilizers and Fertilisers and Chemicals Travancore (FACT) gained 2-5 percent after a CNBC Awaaz report indicated that the government notified new urea investment policy. Under this notification, the companies will get a subsidy only if the production starts in the next five years.
About 1348 shares advanced while 1561 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
14:00

Govt notifies New Urea Investment PolicyOct 08, 2014, 07.19 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt notifies New Urea Investment Policy
According to the policy, interested private companies are required to give a bank guarantee of Rs 300 crore for every project, while PSUs firms have been exempted from it.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt notifies New Urea Investment Policy
According to the policy, interested private companies are required to give a bank guarantee of Rs 300 crore for every project, while PSUs firms have been exempted from it.
Post your opinion here
 
In order to increase domestic urea production, the Fertilizer Ministry has notified New Urea Investment Policy for setting up and expansion of urea plants.
According to the policy, interested private companies are required to give a bank guarantee of Rs 300 crore for every project, while PSUs firms have been exempted from it.
The companies will get a subsidy on production only if the urea production starts in the next 5 years. The subsidy will continue till 8 years after the commencement of production.
In February, the government approved the amendments in the policy after as many as 13 players including IFFCO, RCF and  Tata Chemicals proposed setting up of urea plants entailing capacity addition of 16 million tonne, whereas the shortfall between demand and production of urea is around 8 million tonne which is met through imports.
Sources said the proposed capacity addition by the applicants was more than the actual requirement as earlier policy was assuring the 'guaranteed buyback'.
Following this the ministry proposed for dropping the guaranteed buyback clause and replacing it with the Rs 300 crore bank guarantee so that only interested players approach for setting up of new urea projects.
According to the sources, as per policy the flexible lower limit and ceiling limit of urea cost has been fixed after factoring the gas price from USD 6.5 mmbtu to USD 14 mmbtu.
These provisions were made in the policy before the government decided to raise the gas prices from April 1, 2014.
The decisions on various issues during the implementation of this policy will be taken by a Committee of Secretaries including from Expenditure, Petroleum, Planning Commission and Agriculture. Fertilizers Secretary will be Chairman of the committee. 
RELATED NEWS

Profits surge at primary Alcoa unitProfits surge at primary Alcoa unit
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cf85d918-4f2e-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Companies looking to hire more and reward be...Companies looking to hire more and reward better
Sreeradha D Basu, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 06.57AM IST
(Chakraborty expects…)
Banker Sandeep Vaswani (name changed) lives in a plush rented apartment in South Mumbai and is currently repaying a home loan on a suburban flat. His homemaker wife and he are expecting their first child next year. Yet, they are planning to buy a second car — a Ford Fiesta — during Diwali, with a loan.
Even a year ago, admits Vaswani, given the overall job scenario and the prevalent insecurity, the idea of buying another car wouldn't have been something he dared contemplate. Now, he's a lot more upbeat.
Vaswani has just changed jobs, at a 30% hike that has taken his annual salary to about Rs 40 lakh. Right before quitting, he netted a bonus of Rs 2 lakh. Last year, he says, he would have saved it for contingencies. This year, it's going towards a holiday in the Far East and a high-end TV. "Things are looking good. I'm not worried," he says.
Shaping Vaswani's optimism is a lift in macroeconomic numbers and anecdotal evidence of a job market shaking off its lethargy. According to the Michael Page Salary and Employment forecast for India 2014, 70% of the 288 employers surveyed expect to increase headcount in the next 12 months, against 58% in its 2013 forecast. "The overall salary outlay has gone up," says Rituparna Chakraborty, co-founder and senior VP, TeamLease, a staffing company. "There is a lot of intake, even of freshers or those with very little experience."
For the festive season till end-January, Chakraborty expects temporary hiring in consumer durables, e-commerce, hospitality, airlines and travel portals to exceed the annual average by around 50%. Even at the permanent level, there is evidence of more hiring, led by IT/telecom (23% of total hiring), manufacturing and engineering (17%), and banking and financial services (10%), according to Timesjobs.com.
Healthcare/biotechnology, real estate and IT/telecom, it adds, are sectors that have made the most dramatic improvement over last year. The expectation is of higher salaries. Based on conversations with six executives from search firms, during job switches, the hike is 25%-30% for senior executives and 25%-40% at the middle management level. There has been an increase in counter-offers. And sign-on bonuses and guaranteed stock options are making a comeback. The TeamLease Jobs & Salaries Primer expects a growth of 11.3% in jobs this fiscal, with professionals with niche talent commanding increments of above 20%.
Anandorup Ghose, leader of Aon Hewitt India's rewards consulting practice, feels companies will give more to their employees in 2015 — at least 0.6 percentage points — than the 10% it forecast for 2014. TeamLease chairman Manish Sabharwal believes domestic consumption and job creation have entered a virtuous cycle.
"Higher confidence in a better future is leading to higher consumption, which, in turn, is driving job creation in functions like sales, customer service and logistics," he says. India has entered a cyclical uptrend, he adds, which has the potential to become a structural uptrend if difficult reform decisions are taken.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K floods: How a man with a microphone and phone connected thousands46
0
Srinagar: It has been a month since the floods wreaked havoc in Jammu and Kashmir. As water levels subside, there are extraordinary tales of courage and commitment that have come have to light.
At a time when the entire government machinery in the state went missing, a public servant became the voice of solace for the devastated state.
Armed with a microphones and a cell phone, Deputy Director of Radio Kashmir's 102.6 mega hertz Shamshad Karlawari did the extraordinary. Wading through the water, he climbed the Shankaracharya hill top which houses the second largest transmittor in Asia and connected over 30,000 families .
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #shankaracharya hill #radio kashmir
"Army had augmented towers where SMS were reaching. I gave my number and there was a flood of messages. We did what we could to avoid spreading of rumours of any kind. We just had a phone and a mic," he said.
Many would say that Shamshad Karlawari just did his job as a public broadcaster. But what makes his story truly extraordinary is the fact that his own home was under 10 feet of water and his own family was in a crisis.
"At home, we were in a traumatic condition. We were scared. There was water every where but not even a single drop to drink. But I had to leave my family. It was a challenge to reach there. I walked, got lift from NDRF and scaled the mountain after walking for nearly six hours. You won't believe I took a shower after 14 days," he said.
The appreciation hasn't stopped pouring in for the braveheart as people thank him for his help and cooperation.
Meanwhile, even a month after the floods, Karlawari's office is still a mess. It is filled with sludge and mud and he has to climb through his window to reach his room.
At a time when the entire state machinery failed its people, a few good men like Karlawari who placed duty before self to reach out to people who were living in fear and panic. He retires in the next 5 months leaving behind an example that will be tough to follow.
137

Tianhe shares plummet after denying fraudAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Sothebys auctions Indian and Islamic art work in LondonOct 09, 2014 at 09:12am IST
Sothebys auctions Indian and Islamic art work in London
56
0
London: The Auction House Sothebys of London held its inaugural 'Indian and Islamic Art week' putting on display a high profile series of Public exhibitions and auctions from October 3 to October 8. The exhibition was divided into three areas - the Modern and Contemporary South Asian Art, Art of Imperial India and Art from the Islamic world.
While works of renowned artists like Tyeb Mehta, Hussain, Martin Francis Souza, Akbar Padamse were displayed in the Modern and Contemporary South Asian Art section, art of Imperial India saw an  important diamond-set and enamelled gold parade necklace from 1850-75 and 31 photo albums collection by Sven Gahlin from the late 1850's to the early 20th century India among many others.
"This has been a fabulous collaboration. 500 years of art in India is under one roof," Senior Director International Head of Indian and South Asian Art-Sothebys Yamini Mehta said.
The exhibition was divided into three areas - the Modern and Contemporary South Asian Art, Art of Imperial India and Art from the Islamic world.
#sothebys #auction house sothebys #london #indian and islamic art week
One of the key highlights from the exhibition was this 'Blue Painting' by celebrated artist Tyeb Mehta, a key transitional work by the celebrated artist from the 19th Century.
A beautiful torque necklace also called as 'Hasli' which has its origin in Bikaner, Rajasthan in the early 19th centruy was valued at between Rs 2.5 crores to Rs 3 crores.
Others included a collection of rare photographs spanning over 60 years and taken by various photograpers and some Viceroys of British India giving a rare glimpse of life in the subcontinent.
"This is a collection of 31 albums. It is like a 60 yearr period of photographs," Director, Specialist Books and Manuscripts Richard Fattorini said.
The public exhibition at Sothebys was followed by an auction of the works by the artists and crafstsmen of the Indian Subcontinent.
The sale was led by Tyeb Mehta's 'Blue Painting' bought by an anonymous bidder for over Rs 11 crore (Rs 110,443,298 crore) and nearly doubling its low estimate. Akbar Padamsee's iconic Prophet I, 1952, fetched more than three-times the low estimate when it sold for over Rs % crore (Rs 52,382,807).
A new world record was set for any work at auction by the Delhi-based artist Mrinalini Mukherjee. whose large-scale suspended figure made from woven hemp, Sri (Deity), 1982 was bought by an Indian collector for over Rs 9 lakh (Rs 9,726,120).
Elated by the outcome, Sothbeys said that there is a huge appetite for work coming out of India and plan to make the Indian and Islamic art week an annual event.
4

Tax authorities say Uber liable for service taxTax authorities say Uber liable for service tax, seek information from India subsidiary
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 08.14AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(“All payments on the Uber…)
NEW DELHI: Uber, the taxi app that became popular in India by offering luxury car rides for a little more than the regular fare, could run into trouble with India's service tax authorities in the first such inquiry against a foreign service provider in the ecommerce space. This comes shortly after the company was recently forced to fall in line by the Reserve Bank of India , which insisted that it couldn't sidestep credit card security norms.
"We believe the company is liable for service tax since it is delivering a taxable service," a service tax department official in Mumbai who's aware of the development told ET. "We have sought details from Uber's Indian arm." Service tax authorities have sought information from Uber's India subsidiary, which provides systems support to the company, over non-payment of the levy.
The company said it was in compliance with local laws and paid taxes in all countries in which it was present. "Uber complies with all applicable tax laws, and pays the relevant tax in every territory it operates in," a company spokesperson said in an email. "Across 10 cities in India, Uber employs many local employees, in addition to empowering thousands of driver partners to become small business owners, earning a good living through the Uber platform."
Uber BV has no India office
"All payments on the Uber system are cashless and fully traceable in an industry that has been notoriously cashbased for years," the spokesperson addded.
In India, all services attract tax at the rate of 12% unless it's included in a negative list or specifically exempted by the government. Taxi services are not in the list and are therefore liable to pay.
Uber users register their credit card details with the company, which uses that to charge for rides. Cab drivers and owners enter into tie-ups with Uber, for which the company charges a 20% commission. The company has an Indian entity — Uber India Systems Pvt Ltd -- but it operates in the country through Netherlandsbased Uber BV . Service tax authorities say it's the first time they are dealing with a case in which an overseas mobile application is providing services used by Indians.
Uber doesn't have an India office or a representative in the country, which makes the task of tax authorities difficult, they said. "We have recorded a statement of officials from the Indian entity," said the official. Though the investigation is currently restricted to Mumbai, the department is looking to expand this to places where the company has a presence. Rival cab service providers pay service tax and thus tax authorities do not see any reason for Uber not to do so. Service tax is liable only on revenue above Rs 10 lakh and an individual cab driver may not attract tax if turnover is lower than the threshold. But in the case of Uber, the tax authorities are going to take into account combined turnover.
Globally, the taxation of e-commerce companies is under intense focus as they overturn traditional models of doing business. The OECD and the G20 have begun discussions on how countries should tackle taxation in the e-commerce space that poses fresh challenges to tax authorities as companies avoid tax by operating through multiple jurisdictions.
The US company gained customers after it offered high-end cars such as Audis and BMWs to users. Rides are paid for by card without the need for two-factor authentication, which requires users to key in a PIN.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Industrial output likely rose 2.4% in August  shows pollIndustrial output likely rose 2.4% in August, shows poll
Reuters | Bangalore Oct 09, 2014 10:06 AM IST
India's industrial output likely bounced back in August from a four-month low, driven by solid growth in core industries, although a broader economic recovery is likely still some distance away, a Reuters poll found.
Production at factories, mines and utilities likely rose an annual 2.4% in August, up from July's 0.5% rise, according to a survey of 26 economists. The government will release the output data on Friday.
The consensus reflects optimism about higher production in the electricity, cement, coal and steel industries.
Data last week showed output in eight core industries, which account for more than a third of overall factory production, rose 5.8% in August on a year earlier, up from 2.7% in July.
But manufacturing output has more catching up to do. Growth in the sector is well below the near 10% peak in late 2009 and 2011 - in part due to stubbornly-high inflation and borrowing costs which have led to weak investment and demand.
"The more important point really is that even if it (factory output) shows a slight pickup...it is still extremely weak and shows a lot more work still needs to done," said Shilan Shah, economist at Capital Economics.
Private surveys tell a similar story. Factory activity expanded at its weakest pace in nine months in September as growth in new orders slowed, according to HSBC's PMI survey of businesses.
"PMIs in the last couple of months have...fallen back and although the relationship isn't exactly one-to-one, (they) suggest that IP is going to remain very weak," Shah added.
The afterglow of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's election victory in May helped India's lumbering economy register its fastest growth in two-and-a-half years for the quarter ended in June.
But Modi is yet to launch big-bang reforms needed to propel the economy back to a near double-digit annual growth and bring down stubbornly high inflation. Soaring prices of essential food items have squeezed India's consumers and in turn, has hurt capital investment.

Rupee rises to two-week high in early tradeRupee sees biggest single-day gain in nearly two months
Swati Bhat     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 18:06 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee posted its biggest single-day gain in nearly two months on Thursday, after hitting the highest level in more than two weeks after the US Federal Reserve's September policy meeting minutes suggested it was in no hurry to raise interest rates.
The dollar fell to a three-week low against the yen, as investors cut favourable bets after minutes of the Federal Reserve's last meeting prompted many to push out expectations for the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
The index of the dollar against six major currencies was down 0.22 per cent with most Asian currencies also rallying against the greenback.
"The dollar took quite a beating and we saw domestic equities rally, both together helped the rupee gain," said Naveen Raghuvanshi, a foreign exchange dealer with DCB Bank.
"We could see the pair touch 60.80 going by technicals but there is good state-run bank buying around 61 levels. Broadly the near-term range is likely to be 60.80 to 61.40/45," he added.
Traders are now awaiting retail and wholesale inflation data and factory output data due to be released next week for domestic cues.
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.04/05 per dollar compared with 61.3950/4050 on Thursday. The rupee touched 60.9025 earlier, its strongest level since September 23.
The rupee gained for a fourth straight day, rising 0.6 percent, its biggest single-day gain since August 14.
Gains in the domestic share market also helped with good dollar selling seen by custodian banks.
The BSE Sensex rose 1.5 per cent, snapping a three-day losing streak, as hopes the Federal Reserve would not rush into raising U.S. interest rates boosted heavyweight banks and blue chips such as Bharat heavy Electricals Ltd.
Traders will continue to monitor shares for clues on the direction of foreign fund flows. Foreign funds have bought a net $13.95 billion in equities and $20 billion in debt so far in 2014.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.35 while the three-month was at 61.95.

Shahid Kapoor  Haider  box office collections go from bad to worse  clock just Rs 3 cr on day 6Shahid Kapoor 'Haider' box office collections sink to Rs 3 cr on day 6
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 09 2014, 19:34  IST
Oct 09 2014, 19:34  IST
 

Sensex on a roll  up over 300 pts; thanks to Fed; 12 stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex rallies on US Fed dovish outlook; top twelve stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 10.17AM IST
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rallied as much as 313 points in trade on Thursday tracking Asian markets, which were trading higher after the U.S. Federal Reserve in its latest policy meet reassured investors that the central bank is in no hurry to raise interest rates.
Federal Reserve officials, worried about weak growth overseas, agreed last month that they would begin raising interest rates only when measures of the economy's health and inflation signaled the time was right, said an AP report.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index managed to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 7900, supported by gains in pharma, metal, realty and banking stocks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,530, up 284 points or 1.08 per cent. It touched a high of 26559.60 and a low of 26394.21 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 7933, up 90 points or 1.16 per cent. It touched a high of 7935.35 and a low of 7886.50 in trade today.
Here is a list of twelve stocks which are in focus today:
ITC, L&T, ICICI Bank: India plans to raise around 50 billion rupees ($813.4 million) this fiscal year by selling stakes in companies including ITC, Larsen & Toubro and Axis Bank, a senior official with knowledge of policymakers' discussions said on Wednesday.
At 10:00 a.m.; ITC was trading 0.6 per cent higher at Rs 368, L&T was up 1.6 per cent to Rs 1470 and ICICI Bank was trading 1.6 per cent higher at Rs 1474.85.
BHEL: State-run Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd bagged a Rs 7,800 crore contract for setting up a 1,320 MW thermal power project in Tamil Nadu. Valued at around Rs 7,800 crore, it is an EPC contract (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) from Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.5 per cent higher at Rs 209.
Zensar Technologies Ltd: Mid-sized software solutions firm Zensar Technologies said it has signed a multi-million dollar deal with a leading UK-based high street retailer.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 630.55.
Future Lifestyle Fashion Ltd: Future Lifestyle Fashions (FLFL) today said its board has approved issue of equity shares as well as compulsory convertible debentures (CCDs) on preferential basis to raise nearly Rs 175 crore.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 7 per cent higher at Rs 96.65.
BEML: BEML Limited today said it has bagged an order worth Rs 570 crore from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation for the supply of 70 cars.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.7 per cent higher at Rs 603.15.
DCB Bank Ltd: DCB Bank has set issue price for its qualified institutional placement (QIP) at Rs 82.15 per equity share, a discount of 4.9 per cent, to raise funds.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.4 per cent higher at Rs 82.75.
BOSCH Ltd: The workers' strike at Bosch's Bangalore plant over wage revision is set to continue into its fourth week as conciliatory meetings between the management and the union have so far been unable to break the deadlock, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent higher at Rs 14800.
Viceroy Hotels Ltd: Hyderabad based Viceroy Hotels is looking to sell its entire 40% stake in the upcoming Renaissance Hotel in Bangalore for around Rs 100 crore as it struggles to fund the project, a person familiar with the development said.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 5.8 per cent higher at Rs 20.10.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: The consumer affairs ministry is considering legal action against Maruti Suzuki for taking orders for its new mid-size sedan Ciaz even before publicly displaying the car or revealing its technical specifications or price.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 2977.
Kesoram Industries Ltd: BK Birla's Kesoram Industries has embarked upon a massive restructuring exercise which will pave the way for the inventual takeover of the company by Kumar Mangalam Birla.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 3.2 per cent higher at Rs 127.30.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Twitter news chief steps down in latest executive departureTwitter news chief steps down in latest executive departure
Reuters
Tweet
Oct 8:  
Vivian Schiller said she was stepping down as Twitter Inc's news head after nearly a year at the microblogging Website, the latest executive exit from the company this year.
The former NBC executive, who was responsible for acting as a liaison between Twitter and news organisations, will be handing over the reins to Adam Sharp, who leads the Government and elections team, a Twitter spokeswoman told Reuters.
In her parting tweets, Schiller said her departure would allow Twitter Vice-President of Global Media Katie Stanton to "reorganise" as she saw fit.
Stanton, formerly head of international strategy, filled in for Chloe Sladden, who left the online messaging service as part of a recent management shake-up that also included the departure of former chief operating officer Ali Rowghani.
Schiller, who joined Twitter alongside Rowghani and Sladden, becomes the latest executive to depart as the company reshapes its executive ranks.
Stanton, who also is on the board of French conglomerate Vivendi SA, became Twitter's new media chief in July, placing the former Google Inc executive at the heart of crucial relationships with Hollywood and the global media industry.
On Wednesday, Schiller credited both former executives for convincing her to join.
Twitter, which has battled to reverse a steady decline in its once-heady pace of growth, surpassed targets for virtually every metric Wall Street scrutinised in its last reported quarter.
Prior to this result, Twitter had lost a large chunk of its market value since the start of 2014 - at the back of lacklustre user and usage growth.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Obama confident of progress against Islamic StateObama confident of progress against Islamic State
PTI
Barack Obama
Washington, Oct 9:  
President Barack Obama said he was confident the U.S. will keep making progress against the Islamic State militant group but acknowledged that the “difficult” military conflict in Iraq and Syria would be lengthy.
“Our strikes continue alongside our partners. It remains a difficult mission. As I have indicated from the start, this is not something that is going to be solved overnight,” Obama said.
Flanked at the Pentagon by top military brass, he said the good news is there is a broad-based international consensus that the Islamic State (IS) is a threat to world peace and “that their barbaric behaviour has to be dealt with“.
“We are confident that we will be able to continue to make progress in partnership with the Iraqi government, because ultimately it’s going to be important for them to be able to, with our help, secure their own country and to find the kind of political accommodations that are necessary for long-term prosperity in the region,” the U.S. President said.
Obama has pledged to destroy IS, which remains in control of most of the territory it has seized in Iraq and Syria despite days of U.S.-led airstrikes, and also to keep U.S. ground forces out of combat.
The militant group, also known by its acronym ISIS and ISIL, has demonstrated its brutality with the beheadings of four Western hostages in Syria and broadcasting it in videos.
Obama also held a meeting with his national security team on the threat posed by IS.
During the meeting at Pentagon, Obama was updated on military operations by the U.S. and its international partners in Iraq and Syria.
“He was also briefed on the security and political situation in both countries,” the White House said.
Obama discussed the importance of supporting Iraqi efforts to reconstitute their security forces to combat IS, it said.
“He also discussed the importance of increasing support for the Syrian moderate opposition in the campaign to counter ISIL in Syria,” the White House said.
Before his remarks and meeting with the national security team, Obama held another meeting with his military commanders on the various aspects of national security and global issues, including Ebola virus, and developments in the U.S. Pacific Command.
“It’s been noted that our alliances in that area have never been stronger. We are very much welcomed as a Pacific power in the region. And our ability to continue to maintain a presence that ensures freedom of navigation, that international law is observed is going to be critically important,” Obama said.
He said: “We need to do that in a way that also reflects our interest in cooperation and effective communication with China, which obviously is a major player in the region.
“But the anchor of our presence there, our treaties and alliances with key countries like South Korea and Japan, obviously remain critically important,” Obama said.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Sensex surges nearly 300 points; Infosys  TCS up 1%Sensex surges nearly 300 points; Infosys, TCS up 1%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 10:35 AM IST
Markets extended gains and were trading near their day's highs after the first hour of trade led financials and capital goods shares coupled with a rebound in IT shares.
At 10:45AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 298 points at 26,545 and the 50-share Nifty was up 88 points at 7,930.
Foreign funds were net sellers in equities to the tune of Rs 1,441 crore on Wednesday, as per provisional data on the stock exchanges.
Asian stocks were trading mixed. Shares in Japan pared early gains and were trading lower amid a stronger yen. The Nikkei was down 0.5%. Shares in Hong Kong rebounded after recent correction and the Hang Seng was up 0.9% while Shanghai Composite was down 0.6% and Straits Times was up 0.8%.
All sectoral indices on the BSE were trading in the green. The BSE Capital Goods index was the top gainer up 1.9% followed by Realty, Metal,Bankex and Healthcare among others.
Financials shares firmed up on the back of encouraging growth forecast from IMF. HDFC, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank and SBI were up 0.3-1.7% each.
Infosys rebounded from Wednesday's nearly 5% drop following a downgrade by Citigroup. The stock was trading over 0.6% higher ahead of its second quarter earnings due tomorrow. TCS was also up 0.7% while Wipro was up 1.3%. Tech Mahindra was also trading with marginal losses following a downgrade to 'sell' by Citigroup.
BHEL was up nearly 4% after the company received a huge EPC order for 2x660MW rating Supercritical Power Project from TN Generation and Distribution Corp Ltd valued at Rs 7,800 crore. L&T was also up 1.7%
Pharma shares which witnessed selling pressure following reports of US Congress prive probe also rebounded and were trading with gains. Dr Reddy's Labs and Sun Pharma were up nearly 2% each.
Cipla was up 2% after the company said Medpro Pharma has entered into a tie up with Teva Pharmaceuticals affiliate to exclusively sell Teva products in South Africa. Medpro Pharma is a subsidiary company of Cipla Medpro.
Hindalco was up nearly 5% on the back of better than expected third quarter earnings from US-based global aluminium major Alcoa. Hindalco overseas subsidiary Novelis is into the aluminium rolled products business.
Among other shares, Ahluwalia Contracts (India) has rallied 6% to Rs 159 on National Stock Exchange (NSE) after the company said it has secured new orders aggregating to Rs 178 crore for construction of housing project including finishing & electrical works.
8K Miles Software Services has locked in upper circuit of 5% at Rs 571, also its new high on BSE, after the company reported nearly three-fold jump in consolidated net profit at Rs 4.15 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2), on back of strong operational income.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were up over 1.4% each.
Market breadth continued to remain strong with 1,714 gainers and 461 losers on the BSE.

Polaris Financial trades at ex-demerger; stock down 15%Polaris Financial trades at ex-demerger; stock down 15%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 10:42 AM IST
Polaris Financial Technologies has dipped 15% to Rs 210 on National Stock Exchange (NSE) after the stock turn ex-scheme of arrangement today.
The stock opened at Rs 200 and hit a low of Rs 190 so far. A combined 117,000 shares changed hands on the counter on NSE and BSE.
The mid-sized IT firm has fixed October 10, 2014 as the Record Date for the purpose of determining the list of shareholders who are entitled to receive the shares in Intellect Design Arena Limited, the resulting company after the demerger.
In line with the demerger, every shareholder of Polaris Financial Technology will receive one share of Intellect.
Polaris Financial Technology will continue to run the services business with a strong vertical and solution focus.
 

Live: PM Modi addresses global investors summit in Indore9
0
Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated Global investor's summit in Indore, Madhya Pradesh on Thursday. 20 countries are participating in the two-day Global Investors' Summit.
Live Blog
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
3:52 pm: Our jawans at the border are sacrificing their lives for country and you are politicizing such issues : PM Modi
3:51 pm: The NCP clock makes no noise. It does everything silently. The 10:10 means they have done 10 times corruption in 10 years: PM Modi
3:50 pm: The Cooperative Mill here has no money but the same people fill their private mills with lot of money. Can you trust such people?: PM Modi
3:33 pm: Till when will you bear this? The farmer has woken up now and is fighting for his rights now: PM Modi
3:32 pm: Nation got freedom but the farmers and citizens of Baramati have been enslaved by those under whom dreams & farms are not secure: PM Modi
3:31 pm: This large gathering has not come to elect new government or who will be MLA. This is a 2nd freedom struggle. : PM Modi
3:30 pm: PM Modi addresses public meeting in Baramati, Maharashtra
11:28 am: Public-private partnership will be encouraged: PM Modi
11:21 am: We launched Jan Dhan Yojana and MP made it their own! Immediately they moved ahead with it: PM Modi
11:19 am: MP is the first state to make defence manufacturing policy. They took the initiatives: PM Modi
11:19 am: This is the first time I am visiting MP after Lok Sabha elections: PM Modi
11:18 am: PM Modi: Focus on infrastructure will help farmers immensely
11:14 am: Value addition in agriculture, focus on infrastructure will help the farmers immensely: PM Modi
11:14 am: India is not just a market, we can also be a manufacturing hub: PM Modi
11:12 am: Let give impetus to manufacturing where the scope of export is too: PM Modi
11:11 am: When we say Make in India, we want to tell the world there are ample opportunities in India, don't only consider us to be a market: PM Modi
11:10 am: The concept of Make in India  is a win win situation: PM Modi
11:09 am: 
11:09 am: We have to create maximum jobs. This is a Nation of the youth. Agriculture, Industry & Services have to get equal importance: PM Modi
11:08 am: PM Modi: Those who understand the strength of the states understand the strength of India.
11:08 am: The world must know that the state of Madhya Pradesh has been growing rapidly in the last few years: PM Modi
11:07 am: The world must know about Madhya Pradesh: PM Modi
11:04 am: We should not just be close to each other but should work together. 1+1 should be 11 not 2: PM Modi
11:04 am: Centre and States are not rivals or enemies. This message must go to everyone. If the States are with you, Centre is with you: PM Modi
11:03 am: PM Modi: Necessary that states progress if country is to progress
11:02 am: I am working with 'Team India Mantra' for country's progress: PM Modi
11:02 am: I know what difficulties a CM has to face when there is no coordination between the states and the Centre: PM Modi
11:00 am: Those who understand the strength of the States understand the strength of India. States important for India's progress: PM Modi
11:00 am: 20 countries participating in this Global Investors' Summit
10:53 am: PM Modi inaugurates Global investor's summit in Indore
1

Border villages in J&K face the brunt as Pakistan continues to violate ceasefireOct 09, 2014 at  10:22am IST
Border villages in J&K face the brunt as Pakistan continues to violate ceasefire
22
0
Arnia: Doors left ajar, bedding left just the way it was, toys lie scattered, it all reminds of how people left in a hurry when they were taken by surprise due to heavy shelling. The Kothe village in Arnia along the International border in Jammu and Kashmir is dotted with bunkers.
The village has witnessed maximum casualties and now wears a deserted look. Four people in the village died and seven were injured from a single house. Splinters on the wall are a grim reminder of the mortar that landed on the houses.
While people have fled from their houses for safety, they come during the day to check on their livestock which is their only livelihood. They leave their homes yet again in the evenings and go back to safety before the shelling begins.
#pakistan #ceasefire violations #jammu and kashmir #pak dares india
Meanwhile, firing continued for the fourth straight day on Thursday in all seven sectors along the International Border. According to sources, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given the Army free rein to tackle Pakistani troops.
On Thursday, Pakistan rangers targetted 60 Border Security Force (BSF) outposts and over 80 villages in fresh mortar shelling and firing in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts along the International Border.
10

Strong earthquake jolts southeastern Pacific: USGSStrong earthquake jolts southeastern Pacific: USGS
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 9:  
A strong earthquake shook the southeastern Pacific, about 570 kilometers south of Chile’s Easter Island, the US Geological Survey has said.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, based in Hawaii, said yesterday that the quake, which hit at 0214 GMT (0744 IST) at 10 kilometers deep, registered as a 6.8 before upgrading it to a 7.2.
“An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.2 occurred near the southern East Pacific rise at 0215 UTC (GMT) Thursday, October 9 2014,” a statement from the Pacific center said.
“There is no tsunami threat from this earthquake,” it added.
The U.S. Geological Survey said the tremblor registered as a 6.8.
Chile is one of the most seismically active countries in the world, and is located in the so-called Ring of Fire area of the Pacific Ocean basin.
An 8.2-magnitude quake in northern Chile in April killed six people and forced a million to flee their homes in the region around Iquique.
And a February 27, 2010 quake that struck just off the coast of Chile’s Maule region measured 8.8 in magnitude, making it one of the largest ever recorded.
It killed more than 500 people and inflicted an estimated U.S. $30 billion in damages.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Sensex zooms over 300 points on global cues  firm rupeeSensex vaults 390 points on global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
Snapping its three-session losing streak, the benchmark BSE Sensex staged a strong comeback by rising 400 points today on fresh spells of buying by foreign funds and investors amid positive global cues.
Expectation of a recovery in EBITDA margins of companies ahead of Q2FY15 earnings season and global cues saw the NIfty and the Sensex open in the green. The Nifty opened 44 points up at 7,887 while the Sensex opened 147 points up at 26,394.
Besides, appreciating rupee which strengthened to 60.90 against the dollar and easing global crude prices that have hit two-year low, buoyed sentiments.
The 30-share barometer had lost over 383 points in the previous three sessions.
The Sensex zoomed 390 points or 1.49 per cent to end at 26,637 while the NSE Nifty jumped 118 points or 1.5 per cent to 7,960.
All sectoral indices were in the green led by capital goods, realty and banks with gains of up to 3 per cent. Volatility was down 6.78 per cent with the India Vix quoting at 13.15.
BHEL (+8.3%), Hindalco (+6%), SBI (+2.84%), HDFC (2.68%) and ICICI Bank (+2.64%) were the top gainers in the Sensex 30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better, tracking rebound on other Asian markets in response to minutes from the US Federal Reserve indicating that policymakers are wary about raising interest rates sooner than later.
Global markets
World stock markets roared their approval on Thursday of reassurances the US Federal Reserve will not rush into raising interest rates, with risk appetite flooding back into almost every asset class. The dollar jolted lower, while oil and commodity prices rose.
Bond yields in large parts of Europe, which have plunged during years of cheap funding from the Fed and the world's other major central banks, hit new record lows.
Minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 meeting published late on Wednesday showed officials were wary about the dual threats of a stronger dollar and recent wobbles in the world economy as they seek an eventual exit from record low rates.
There were big gains on Wall Street and for Asia stocks, and European shares duly followed suit as Britain's FTSE 100 , Germany's DAX and France's CAC 40 rose 0.7, 1.2 and 0.8 per cent respectively in early trading.
"It (the Fed's message) has stabilised risk appetite and it was well needed following the macro economic disappointments we have had recently," said Hans Peterson, global head of asset allocation at SEB investment management.
"It is a burning issue, the pace of U.S. interest rate rises. They will tighten of course, but it will probably be very slow."
Even news that German exports slumped 5.8 per cent in August -- their biggest fall since the height of the financial crisis in January 2009, and yet another sign that Europe's largest economy is faltering -- failed to dampen the mood.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan , which touched its lowest level since March in the previous session, was up about 1.2 per cent in late trade.
Japan's Nikkei share average skidded 0.8 per cent, however, as the yen rose against the weakened dollar.
Gold, which also tends to benefit from loose monetary policy, climbed to its highest in about two weeks, with spot gold rising about 0.4 per cent to $1,226.40 an ounce. The Fed was not the only central bank in action though. The British pound stood at $1.6165, steady on the day and holding above an 11-month low of $1.5943 on Monday, ahead of the Bank of England's policy announcement later in the session. The bank is expected to keep rates steady near record lows.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Maharashtra polls: Assets declared by outgoing ministers vs their taxableincomesMaharashtra polls: Assets declared by outgoing ministers vs their taxable incomes
Written by Zeeshan Shaikh | Mumbai |       October 9, 2014 11:45 am

Re surges 31 paise vs $ to hit day s high of 61.03You are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Rupee ends day at 61.05 versus US dollar
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 05.03PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Extending its rising streak…)
MUMBAI: The rupee closed the day at 61.09 against the US greenback, after gaining 50 paise to 60.90 per dollar in intraday trade. This was on the back of persistent selling of the American unit by banks and exporters amid bearish dollar overseas and rallying domestic equities.
The rupee had resumed higher at 61.13 per dollar as against yesterday's closing level of 61.40 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange ( Forex ).
In the New York market, the US dollar languished at a two-week low against its major rivals in early trade, having fallen for a third straight session minutes after the US Federal Reserve's last policy meeting which prompted markets to push out the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GVK wins environmental permit for huge Australian coal mineOct 09, 2014, 11.26 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
GVK wins environmental permit for huge Australian coal mine
The GVK Hancock joint venture still needs to finalise a plan with coal rail operator Aurizon Holdings, overcome legal challenges to the project, and sign coal sales agreements before lining up financing for the huge project.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GVK wins environmental permit for huge Australian coal mine
The GVK Hancock joint venture still needs to finalise a plan with coal rail operator Aurizon Holdings, overcome legal challenges to the project, and sign coal sales agreements before lining up financing for the huge project.
Post your opinion here
 
GVK and Australian billionaire Gina Rinehart have secured an environmental permit to build their Alpha Coal project in Australia, moving it a step closer to signing off on a long-delayed USD 10 billion mine, rail and port project.
The GVK Hancock joint venture still needs to finalise a plan with coal rail operator Aurizon Holdings, overcome legal challenges to the project, and sign coal sales agreements before lining up financing for the huge project.
"Now that we have our Environmental Authority for our Alpha Coal Project our key focus is to continue advancing the project to a point where construction can commence," GVK Hancock said in a statement.
The Alpha mine is 79 percent owned by GVK and 21 percent owned by Rinehart's Hancock Prospecting.
The venture aims to produce 32 million tonnes a year of low ash, low sulphur coal from the mine in the untapped Galilee Basin, saying the project would be profitable even at today's weak prices for coal used in power stations.
"The volume and magnitude our Alpha coal project's large, shallow and very flat coal seams allow for large scale mining techniques that ensures our proposed mine remains cost competitive even in current tough market conditions," GVK Hancock said in the statement.
GVK's listed unit GVK Power & Infrastructure  owns a small stake in GVK's holding in the Alpha project.
GVK's domestic rival Adani Enterprises  is also trying to build a massive coal, rail and port project in the Galilee Basin , and its Australian unit also faces legal challenges to its Carmichael project.
India holds the world's fifth-largest coal reserves but still needs to resort to imports as state-owned Coal India , which accounts for about 80 percent of the country's output, frequently misses output targets.
GVK Power stock price
On November 24, 2014, GVK Power & Infrastructure closed at Rs 11.30, down Rs 0.31, or 2.67 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 20.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 7.10.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 15.69 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 0.72.
RELATED NEWS

Suzlon to build 2000MW wind energy projects over next five yearsOct 09, 2014, 11.29 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Suzlon to build 2000MW wind energy projects over next five years
Suzlon Group is intent to build 2000 MW of new wind energy projects in the state of Madhya Pradesh over the next five years and establish supporting manufacturing facilities.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Suzlon to build 2000MW wind energy projects over next five years
Suzlon Group is intent to build 2000 MW of new wind energy projects in the state of Madhya Pradesh over the next five years and establish supporting manufacturing facilities.
Post your opinion here
 
Suzlon Energy Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated October 09, 2014 titled "Suzlon to Build 2000MW Wind Energy Projects over Next Five Years; expresses intent to set up Manufacturing Facilities in Madhya Pradesh".  Suzlon Group is intent to build 2000 MW of new wind energy projects in the state of Madhya Pradesh over the next five years and establish supporting manufacturing facilities.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Asian stocks rebound after US gains...and
versions
NEW YORK (AP) — The stock market had its worst day of the year Thursday, just 24 hours after recording its best.
The Dow Jones industrial average plunged 334 points as falling energy stocks and worries about the global economy sent investors fleeing out of the market. The blue-chip index rose 275 points the day before.
For three years, U.S. investors have enjoyed a stock market that has, for the most part, quietly and steadily moved higher. The pleasure cruise appears to be over.
Market volatility is back and in a big way, market observers say. The stock market hasn't seen day-to-day movements like this since August 2011, when Standard & Poor's downgraded the United States' credit rating. The S&P downgrade subsequently pushed the U.S. stock market into its last "correction," a technical term for when stocks fall 10 percent or more from a recent peak.
"Investors are not conditioned for this type of market after three good years," said Dean Junkans, chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Private Bank. "We've been long overdue for a correction."
Words like "correction," ''fear" and "volatility" might scare the average investor just trying to save for retirement. But investors who might be worried should remain calm, said Jurrien Timmer, director of global macro at Fidelity Investments. The S&P 500 index is still up 4.3 percent this year. And that follows the market's 30 percent surge last year.
"Just stick to your long-term (retirement) plan," Timmer said.
Thursday's drop was the third straight day investors have been taken on a wild roller coaster ride. On Tuesday the Dow fell 272 points, only to jump by nearly the same amount Wednesday. While 100-plus moves in the Dow have become more common as stocks have risen to record highs, 200-plus point moves had been rare until this week. More than half of this year's 200-point moves have happened in the last two weeks.
The VIX, a measure of volatility that is sometimes called Wall Street's "fear index," jumped 26 percent to its highest level since February. Investors moved into gold, a refuge in times of uncertainty.
"The violent gyrations are causing havoc for fund managers and active investors (who were) hoping for a smooth fourth quarter," said Todd Schoenberger of J. Streicher Asset Management.
Stocks fell at the opening of trading Thursday, and the selling accelerated once European markets closed at midday Eastern time.
By the end of the day, the Dow had lost 334.97 points, or 2 percent, to 16,659.25. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 40.68 points, or 2.1 percent, to 1,928.21 and the Nasdaq composite fell 90.26 points, or 2 percent, to 4,378.34.
Few companies were spared from the selling Thursday. All 30 members of the blue chip Dow index fell and 482 of the 500 companies in the S&P 500 index ended the day lower.
A large part of Thursday's selling happened in energy stocks, particularly oil and coal companies. The price of oil fell sharply again Thursday, continuing its multi-week decline. Investors are concerned that global oil production remains high despite signs that global demand is slowing.
Worries about the global economy, particularly in Europe and Asia, fueled the fears of a slowdown were once again center stage.
A report showed Germany exports sank 5.8 percent in August; the biggest monthly drop in five years. The figure raises concerns that Europe's largest economy may fall into recession. Earlier in the week, the IMF cut its outlook for this year and next for the global economy, citing weakness in Japan, Latin America and particularly Europe.
"Europe is struggling. Asia is struggling. Japan is struggling. The United States is the best house on the block at the moment," Fidelity's Timmer said.
Traders say the market's volatility may ease once corporate earnings season gets fully underway. Aluminum company Alcoa reported its results Wednesday, which beat analysts' expectations, but the bulk of S&P 500 companies will not report for another week or so.
"Everyone seems to be waiting for earnings season at this point," said Neil Massa, senior equity trader at John Hancock Asset Management.
In company news, Gap dropped $5.23, or 13 percent, to $36.67. The clothing chain's CEO Glenn Murphy announced he would step down in February. The news came as a surprise to investors, since Murphy is only 52 and was expected to continue in his role for several more years. Murphy was credited for helping Gap navigate through the Great Recession and restoring the company's appeal to younger customers.
Advanced Micro Devices, better known as AMD, fell 33 cents, or 10 percent, to $2.95. The chipmaker also announced a change in leadership, saying CEO and president Rory Read was stepping down. AMD has long struggled to keep its market share of the PC chip market against its main competitor Intel.
Coal stocks also took a beating after Morgan Stanley analysts downgraded the entire industry. Walter Energy slumped 11 percent and Peabody Energy fell 9 percent.
Benchmark U.S. crude fell $1.54 to $85.77 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange, a third straight decline of more than 1.5 percent. Oil is now 20 percent below its 2014 peak of $107.26 a barrel, reached in late June, technically pushing oil into a bear market.
Brent crude, an international benchmark used to price oil used by many U.S. refineries, fell $1.33 to $90.05 a barrel in London, at one point slipping below $90 for the first time since June 2012.
Sinking crude price mean lower future profits for oil and gas companies, and investors responded accordingly. The energy sector of the S&P 500 fell nearly 4 percent, far more than the rest of the market. Exxon Mobil and Chevron, the nation's two largest oil and gas companies, each fell roughly 3 percent.
The dollar fell to 107.92 yen and the euro fell to $1.2687. U.S. government bond prices were little changed. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note held at 2.33 percent.
Wholesale gasoline futures fell 4.35 cents to $2.275 a gallon. The average price at the pump across the U.S. is $3.25, down 18 cents from a month ago. In other trading of energy futures on the New York Mercantile Exchange, heating oil fell 3.9 cents to $2.537 a gallon and natural gas slipped 1 cent to $3.845 per 1,000 cubic feet.
With this week's volatility, investors moved into gold. The price of gold rose $19.30 to $1,225.30 an ounce. Silver rose 35 cents to $17.42 an ounce and copper rose three cents to $3.03 a pound.

Century-old time capsule unsealed in New York...and
versions
NEW YORK (AP) — A century-old time capsule, filled mostly with documents by long-gone Wall Street businessmen celebrating New York as a commercial hub, was unsealed Wednesday.
Spectators at the New-York Historical Society gathered around the mysterious bronze box as workers wearing surgical gloves removed 26 screws keeping it sealed since 1914.
The crowd leaned in when the lid came off and historian Nick Yablon reached in for the items: a collection of documents, booklets and newspapers depicting the turn-of-the-century businessmen's interests — from the tea, coffee and spice trade to other commerce, baseball and bullfights.
"This is the thrill of recovering relics," said Yablon, a professor of American studies at the University of Iowa who's writing a book about time capsules.
The Lower Wall Street Business Men's Association deposited the box with the historical society after celebrating the tricentennial of the 1614 charter of the New Netherland Company, one of the colony's pioneering commercial enterprises and a precursor of New York business. The association asked that the time capsule be unsealed in 1974.
But that didn't happen because the time capsule was forgotten.
A curator discovered it in the society's warehouse in Manhattan's Chelsea neighborhood.
The box containing the well-preserved papers included another interesting item: a facsimile of a 1774, pre-American Revolutionary War letter written by the colony, now New York, to British colonized Boston, urging that the colonies unite.
Fast forward to May 23, 1914, the date of a telegram in the box from then New York Gov. Martin Glynn wishing the New York of 1974 well.
A copy of the New York Times from the same day reports that a banker was found guilty of murder.
As it turned out, in 1974, the city was battling a fiscal crisis. And The Lower Wall Street Business Men's Association no longer existed.
But the future does.
And a new time capsule was created by high schools students from the society's internship program. They selected items to be unsealed in 2114, including tickets to a Lady Gaga concert.
Contributions also include Purell hand sanitizer and an iconic, Greek-style New York paper coffee cup.
Julia Gatenio added a New York subway poster alerting riders to service changes, taped to a station pole.
"I stole it," confessed the giggling 17-year-old.

Revealed: The big hurdle in Modi s  Make in India  plansCoal crisis a big hurdle in 'Make in India' plans
By Anilesh S. Mahajan | India Today Group –  Wed 24 Sep, 2014 11:09 AM IST
Print
On September 9, when Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav was busy campaigning for his nephew Tej Pratap at the family's pocket borough Mainpuri for the recent bypolls, his key officials were camping in two places for a task that could swing voters' mood in his favour. Their challenge was to secure coal supply for power plants in the state. Eight of 12 power plants had run out of fuel, with four facing a shutdown, and the government had to ensure there were no outages, at least until the votes had been cast.
So, officials from the state's power generation company, UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam, went to Dhanbad in neighbouring Jharkhand, to meet Coal India executives in a desperate bid to resume coal supplies. Naxals had a few days earlier blown up the rail link in Latehar district of Jharkhand and coal was being diverted to Gomuh in Bihar before heading for UP, causing delays and shortages. Meanwhile, N.C. Bajpai, Vice Chairman of the state planning commission, and Sanjay Agarwal, Energy Secretary and Chairman of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation, were in Delhi to lobby for additional supplies. The day ended with Yadav trading charges with Piyush Goyal, who holds independent charge of both power and coal ministries in the central government.
In Uttar Pradesh, power cuts of eight to 12 hours are common during summer, but the situation has worsened in the past few months. The industrial towns of Ghaziabad, Allahabad and Kanpur are also routinely facing power cuts of 12 hours. No wonder, then, that electricity supply - or the lack of it - had become an important election issue. Akhilesh Yadav has not made any noises about the coal shortage after the bypolls, but for Goyal the coal supply situation and its effect on the power sector is perhaps the biggest and most urgent problem that needs solving.
Even in the best of times, India manages to produce only 160 gigawatt of electricity out of its total installed capacity of 250 GW. This is largely because of fuel shortages, and coal is the fuel for most of these plants. The country lost more than 15 billion units of electricity due to non-availability of coal in the last two fiscal years, leading to a peak deficit of 15 per cent. A study by industry group FICCI estimates that power problems in 2011/12 caused a loss of $64 billion to the economy, or roughly 0.4 per cent of gross domestic product.
Much of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's plans for industrial revival depends on his ambitious Make in India programme. But those plans will trip unless Goyal can sort out the coal mess and ensure 24/7 power to industrial units across the country. To get all the thermal power plants running at full steam, and also fuel the new plants that will be needed as more industries are set up and the power demand rises, Goyal will need to ensure that the country produces a minimum of one billion tonnes a year. This seems like an ambitious target at this moment, but more on that later.
The worry is that the fuel crisis is worsening and there are no short-term solutions in sight. In 2008, power plants had coal stocks of 10 days on average at the beginning of each month. By 2014, the average has come down to six days. According to the guidelines of the Central Electricity Authority, the power ministry's technical wing, thermal power plants have to maintain coal stocks for 15 to 30 days. The agency's data published on coal supplies for September 10 showed that only 12 of 100 plants had stocks for 15 days and 64 plants that make up more than 40 per cent of the country's installed thermal capacity had stocks for a week or less. Since most coal is carried on railway wagons, even the slightest delay in coal supplies can shut down these plants and impact industrial output.
Read Interview: Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal
The irony is that India is sitting on an estimated 301 billion tonnes of coal reserves, according to government data. This is enough for another 200 years of India's needs. Yet, the country has been struggling to increase coal supplies to meet the growing requirements of its power and other industries. And while "Coalgate" - the term coined for irregularities in coal mine allocations to private players by past governments - is grabbing all the attention, this is the least of Goyal's problems. Even if the Supreme Court were to cancel all allocations since 1993, it would only affect 40 million tonnes of the 587 million tonnes that was produced last year in the country. This is because only 40 of the 216 coal mines allocated to private players are actually being mined. The rest are still waiting for environmental or other clearances.
The bigger problem is that Coal India, the public-sector monopoly that produces 80 per cent of the coal in the country, has been unable to boost production dramatically to meet rising demand. Its annual production has inched up from 431.26 million tonnes in 2009/10 to an estimated 462.46 million tonnes in 2013/14. This has forced power companies to look for alternatives. Some bought coal mines abroad while others relied on gas supply from the Krishna-Godavari Basin, off the country's east coast. Neither option has succeeded. Imports have proved costly while gas supply from the KG basin has fallen drastically, leaving many gas-fired plants idle.
Because of the erratic power situation, companies across the country are depending on backup systems that increase costs. There is a surge in demand for solar power and diesel generation sets, says Kunwer Sachdev, Managing Director at inverter maker Su-Kam Power Systems. Coimbatore-based foundry owner Prabhu Gandhikumar says he shells out Rs 1.5 lakh more on diesel generation sets to run furnaces, in addition to the Rs 2.5-lakh electricity bill he pays. "If I get regular power supply, I will have to pay an additional few thousand rupees, but I can save whatever money I am spending now on diesel sets," he says.
Promises to Keep
In May, Prime Minister Modi formed a BJP-led government at the Centre after a thumping victory in Lok Sabha elections. One of his poll promises was to provide electricity access across the country. In a country where an estimated 30 crore people do not have access to electricity, it is a huge promise. As chief minister of Gujarat, Modi had ensured round-the-clock access to power, and turned around loss-making utilities. To implement his aim at the national level, Modi appointed banker-turned-politician Goyal as minister responsible for both coal and power.
Modi set Goyal the goal of increasing coal production to one billion tonnes a year by 2019. To achieve this target, coal production will have to grow by more than 18 per cent annually. This pace hasn't been achieved in the last decade. India also missed its target to ramp up coal output to 680 million tonnes by the end of the 11th five-year plan (2007-12), as production touched only 540 million tonnes in 2011/12. For perspective, China produces roughly 3.5 billion tonnes a year.
When Goyal took charge of the power ministry, he pushed for higher generation and that added to the fuel supply problem. "In the first three months of the new government - June, July and August - coal-based electricity generation rose 21 per cent," he said. "But the [coal] supply has gone up by only five or six per cent. The stocks are bound to fall," he said on September 7, blaming poor rainfall for the rise in demand for power and coal.
Pagination

Cardamom futures rise 1.28% on restricted supplyCardamom futures rise 1.28% on restricted supply
Sensex gains over 300 pts as blue chips rally on global cuesSensex gains over 300 pts as blue chips rally on global cues
Yashodhara Raje Scindia underscores skill development for youth at Global Investors SummitYashodhara Raje Scindia underscores skill development for youth at Global Investors Summit
Hindalco leads rally in metal & mining stocksHindalco leads rally in metal & mining stocks
RPP Infra up; completes projects in Tamil NaduRPP Infra up; completes projects in Tamil Nadu
Riding to sunset: A spectacular 4-decade journey of Bajaj scootersHi Guest
Riding to sunset: A spectacular 4-decade journey of Bajaj scooters
Two-wheelers, in which Bajaj's scooters ruled the roost, was a veritable family ride.   Image: A still from the film Raanjhanaa.  Can a jingle be copyrighted? When it comes to one of India's most memorable ones, it seems it can hold its own in court. In 2013, Bajaj Auto managed to stay the use of its most iconic tagline, 'Hamara Bajaj', first used as a TVC jingle in 1989, as a film title by a Hindi movie production company. 'Hamara Bajaj' might have gone off air now, but it has become more ...

Nickel up by 0.2% on positive global cuesNickel up by 0.2% on positive global cues
Auto may grow 15% in FY15; HCVs seeing green shoots: CRISILAuto may grow 15% in FY15; HCVs seeing green shoots: CRISIL
BSF giving a befitting reply to Pakistan  PM does not need to say anything: Rajnath Singh29
0
New Delhi: Hardening his stand on the ceasefire violations by Pakistan along the International Border in Jammu and kashmir, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said that the Border Security Forces are givng a befitting reply to the neighbours for the firing.
He also maintained that Prime Minister Narendra Modi is keeping a close eye on the situation on the border. "The PM doesn't need to say anything because our BSF jawans are giving a befitting reply. He is constantly aware about what is happening and has an eye on it," Singh said adding that the government is satisfied with the response by BSF to ceasefire violation by Pakistan.
Firing from Pakistan continued on Thursday for the fourth straight day in all seven sectors along the International Border. Two Indian women have been killed in overnight shelling that took place on Thursday by Pakistani forces along the International Border in Jammu and Kashmir.
#pakistan #ceasefire violations #pak dares india #bsf
Pakistan rangers targetted 60 BSF outposts and over 80 villages in fresh mortar shelling and firing in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts along the International Border.
According to sources, the PM has given the Army and Border Security Force a free hand to tackle ceasefire violations by Pakistani troops. A team under National Security Advidor (NSA) Ajit Doval is currently monitoring the situation.
"The PM has told the NSA that there is no question of succumbing to Pakistan. The PM said that there will be no talks with the Pakistan border forces till firing stops," sources said.
There has been no end to the ceasefire violations by Pakistan in the month of October and villagers have been advised to stay indoors.
24

Live: India not just a market  can be a manufacturing hub: PM Modi9
0
Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated Global investor's summit in Indore, Madhya Pradesh on Thursday. 20 countries are participating in the two-day Global Investors' Summit.
Live Blog
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
3:52 pm: Our jawans at the border are sacrificing their lives for country and you are politicizing such issues : PM Modi
3:51 pm: The NCP clock makes no noise. It does everything silently. The 10:10 means they have done 10 times corruption in 10 years: PM Modi
3:50 pm: The Cooperative Mill here has no money but the same people fill their private mills with lot of money. Can you trust such people?: PM Modi
3:33 pm: Till when will you bear this? The farmer has woken up now and is fighting for his rights now: PM Modi
3:32 pm: Nation got freedom but the farmers and citizens of Baramati have been enslaved by those under whom dreams & farms are not secure: PM Modi
3:31 pm: This large gathering has not come to elect new government or who will be MLA. This is a 2nd freedom struggle. : PM Modi
3:30 pm: PM Modi addresses public meeting in Baramati, Maharashtra
11:28 am: Public-private partnership will be encouraged: PM Modi
11:21 am: We launched Jan Dhan Yojana and MP made it their own! Immediately they moved ahead with it: PM Modi
11:19 am: MP is the first state to make defence manufacturing policy. They took the initiatives: PM Modi
11:19 am: This is the first time I am visiting MP after Lok Sabha elections: PM Modi
11:18 am: PM Modi: Focus on infrastructure will help farmers immensely
11:14 am: Value addition in agriculture, focus on infrastructure will help the farmers immensely: PM Modi
11:14 am: India is not just a market, we can also be a manufacturing hub: PM Modi
11:12 am: Let give impetus to manufacturing where the scope of export is too: PM Modi
11:11 am: When we say Make in India, we want to tell the world there are ample opportunities in India, don't only consider us to be a market: PM Modi
11:10 am: The concept of Make in India  is a win win situation: PM Modi
11:09 am: 
11:09 am: We have to create maximum jobs. This is a Nation of the youth. Agriculture, Industry & Services have to get equal importance: PM Modi
11:08 am: PM Modi: Those who understand the strength of the states understand the strength of India.
11:08 am: The world must know that the state of Madhya Pradesh has been growing rapidly in the last few years: PM Modi
11:07 am: The world must know about Madhya Pradesh: PM Modi
11:04 am: We should not just be close to each other but should work together. 1+1 should be 11 not 2: PM Modi
11:04 am: Centre and States are not rivals or enemies. This message must go to everyone. If the States are with you, Centre is with you: PM Modi
11:03 am: PM Modi: Necessary that states progress if country is to progress
11:02 am: I am working with 'Team India Mantra' for country's progress: PM Modi
11:02 am: I know what difficulties a CM has to face when there is no coordination between the states and the Centre: PM Modi
11:00 am: Those who understand the strength of the States understand the strength of India. States important for India's progress: PM Modi
11:00 am: 20 countries participating in this Global Investors' Summit
10:53 am: PM Modi inaugurates Global investor's summit in Indore
1

Brent comes off 27-month low  holds above $91Brent comes off 27-month low, holds above $91
Reuters
Reuters A rise in interest rates could tighten money supply which would be negative for commodities trading.
Seasonal winter demand could support prices by end-Oct
Singapore, Oct 9:  
Brent crude futures held steady above $91 a barrel on Thursday, after rebounding from a 27-month low hit in the previous session as the US dollar weakened on the possibility the Federal Reserve could hold off raising interest rates.
Expectations that oil demand could increase towards the end of this month - even though US crude stocks increased more than expected last week - also helped to support prices.
Minutes of the US Fed's last policy meeting released on Wednesday showed signs that concerns about the impact of a strengthening greenback on the economy may delay any decision on interest rate changes.
Low interest rates "might be around for a little bit, which is supportive for commodities, not just oil," said Mark Keenan, head of commodities research in Asia for Societe Generale in Singapore.
A rise in interest rates could tighten money supply which would be negative for commodities trading.
Brent for November delivery was up 5 cents to $91.43 by 0406 GMT. The front-month contract fell as low as $90.57 on Wednesday, the lowest since June 2012, before recovering to close at $91.38 - still down 73 cents.
US November crude climbed 17 cents to $87.48 after ending the previous session down $1.54. In the previous session, it hit its lowest level since April 2013 at $86.83.
"Energy prices should experience some upward push with a weakening dollar as it should be relatively cheaper to purchase energy products," Singapore's Phillip Futures said in a report on Thursday.
A falling greenback makes dollar-denominated commodities such as oil less expensive to holders of other currencies.
The dollar's index against a basket of six major currencies slipped in early Asian trade on Thursday to 85.143, its lowest level in nearly two weeks.
US crude stocks
Crude inventories soared a more-than-expected 5 million barrels in the week to Oct. 3, data from the U.S. Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration showed on Wednesday. A build of 1.5 million barrels had been forecast by analysts polled by Reuters.
Some analysts, though, were encouraged by a draw of 1.58 million barrels in crude stocks at the Cushing, Oklahoma, delivery hub.
"We are moving towards seasonal demand for oil which should be supportive for prices. Demand is still low but seasonality should pick it up a little bit," Keenan said.
Increased winter demand for oil should be seen towards the end of this month, he said.
Investors were also keeping an eye on developments in the Middle East where Islamic State fighters on Wednesday launched a renewed assault on Kobani, close to the Syrian-Turkish border, as U.S. and coalition warplanes attacked IS targets in Syria.
Top diplomats from Iran, the European Union and the United States, including U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, will meet in Vienna next week, to try to make progress towards a long-elusive deal to end a dispute over Tehran's nuclear programme by a Nov. 24 deadline.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Modi: Development of States essential for country to progressModi asks States to tap $100-bn investment potential
A. M. Jigeesh
Prime Minister, Narendra Modi (file photo)
Indore, Oct 9:  
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked the States to work as a team with Centre to develop the country. Inaugurating the Global Investors Summit of Madhya Pradesh here on Thursday, Modi said the country will get foreign investment worth 100 billion dollars in the coming days.
Citing the bilateral discussions he had with the United States and China, Modi said: "100 billion dollars have applied for Indian visa. It is up to the States to use this opportunity and lead the investors to the various possibilities in their respective States," he said and added that the Centre will provide all necessary help for investors.
He said the credit ratings of India by various international agencies have improved since the new Government assumed power. He said decisions such as 100 per cent FDI in Railways will change the fortunes of the country.
He stressed the need for including the academic world into the course of development. The Prime Minister said the academic world should not be allowed to stand alone and the Governments, investors and manufacturers should work hand-in-hand with the Universities.
He asked the States to create a global talent pool so that the experience, talent and discipline of the NRIs can be used for growth. He said programmes like skill development needs microlevel planning. "We should be able to end the mismatch of demand for skilled workers and burgeoning rate of unemployment," he said.
He lauded Madhya Pradesh's efforts to maintain a double digit growth in agriculture and in the GDP.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

BEML gains on securing Rs 570 crore order from Delhi MetroBEML  extends gains post Rs 570 crore order from Delhi Metro
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 11:41 AM IST
Shares of BEML was up nearly 3% to Rs 597on the BSE, extending yesterday's gains, after the public sector undertaking engaged in the manufacture of metro cars and defence equipment bagged an order worth Rs 570 crore from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) for supply of 70 cars. It is already producing 92 cars for Delhi Metro.
 
 With this order, the company's order book position representing all the three business verticals such as Mining & Construction, Rail & Metro and Defence Business, crossed Rs 6,400 crore mark.
 
BEML forayed into manufacture and supply of Metro Cars in 2002. Since then, it has bagged orders from Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation, Jaipur Metro and DMRC. BEML has so far supplied more than 700 Metro Cars to Delhi Metro, Bangalore Metro and Jaipur Metro, the company said in a statement.
 
The stock opened at Rs 586, touched a high of Rs 609 and a low of Rs 586 on the BSE. A total of 41, 975 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.
 

Is PM Modis Swachh Bharat campaign more hype than substanceis pm modis swachh bharat campaign more hype than substance
Previous Poll | Will RBIs decision to hold interest rates hurt growth prospectsprevious poll | will rbis decision to hold interest rates hurt growth prospects
Nokia to suspend production at Chennai plant from November 1You are here: Home > Collections > Nokia
Nokia to suspend production at Chennai plant from November 1
ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 02.05AM IST
Tags:
(Microsoft completed the…)
By Bharani Vaitheesvaran & Anandita Singh Mankotia
NEW DELHI: Nokia will suspend production of handsets at its Sriperumbudur plant from November 1, the company has said, after Microsoft decided to terminate their contract manufacturing pact from that date. The Finnish company, however, will continue paying wages to the 1,100 employees till a decision is taken to shut down the factory.
Although software major Microsoft had purchased Nokia's global handsets and services business earlier this year, the Sriperumbudur factory was not part of the deal owing to an assets freeze order on the plant over a Rs21,000-crore tax dispute with Indian authorities.
Microsoft continued sourcing handsets - mainly the popular Asha series devices - from the factory on a contract basis, but with its recent decision to cull the Asha series, has now decided to end the agreement. "Microsoft has informed Nokia that it will be terminating the manufacturing services defined in the agreement with effect from November 1.
In absence of further orders from Microsoft, Nokia will suspend handset production at the Sriperumbudur facility," Nokia said in a statement on Tuesday. Sriperumbudur is close to Chennai. In April, Microsoft had paid $7.2 billion for Nokia's global handsets and services business.
Last year, the income tax department had frozen the Sriperumbudur plant over royalty payments made by Nokia to its parent company in Finland. The case is being pursued by Nokia in the Supreme Court. "Following the news announced today, Nokia will continue to do the best it can to minimise the impact on its employees," the company said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MTS slashes dongle prices by upto 33% for new customersYou are here: Home > Collections
MTS slashes dongle prices by upto 33% for new customers
ET Bureau Oct 6, 2014, 03.45PM IST
Tags:
data
(Sistema Shyam Teleservices Monday…)
NEW DELHI: Sistema Shyam Teleservices Monday reduced prices of its MBlaze ultra wifi dongles by as much as 33% to woo new customers during the festival season.
Sistema Shyam, which operates under the MTS brandname, said that new postpaid customers need to pay Rs. 999 to get an MBlaze Ultra WiFi dongle compared with the Rs. 1499 charged earlier. New prepaid customers need to pay Rs 1749 instead of Rs. 2299 for the dongle along with 10 GB data.
As part of its GB festival rolled out across MTS's nine circles, the company also introduced a wide range of monthly usage plans, as per customer needs across categories. For example, postpaid customers can opt for 40 GB data pack for Rs. 999, 14 GB for Rs. 700 and 10GB for just Rs. 550. For prepaid users, data plans include 3GB for Rs. 399, 5 GB for Rs. 499, 7GB for Rs. 699 and 20GB for Rs. 999, all with 30 day validity.
"We have lowered the price barrier for first time data customers with as much as 33% reduction in dongle prices. The genesis of the GB festival lies in the simple insight that customers want more for each rupee spent," said Leonid Musatov, chief marketing & brand officer, MTS India.
MTS operators across the circles of Delhi, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Kolkata, West Bengal and UP West.
"We have lowered the price barrier for first time data customers with as much as 33 per cent reduction in dongle prices. We have also rolled out a range of monthly data plans to suit the needs of customers across categories," MTS India Chief Marketing and Brand Officer Leonid Musatov said in a statement.
The company said its new post-paid customers now need to pay Rs 999 to get an MBlaze Ultra Wi-Fi dongle which was earlier available for Rs 1,499.
MTS said its dongle is now priced at almost half of what is offered by competitors. The statement mentioned that services will be offered at broadband speed of up to 9.8 megabit per second.
The company has reduced rates of its MBlaze Ultra Wi-fi dongle loaded with 10 GB mobile broadband to Rs 1,749 from Rs 2,299 for new customers. MTS gives its customer option to carry forward unused mobile broadband capacity to next months against recharge of a minimum amount.
The company also announced new schemes under its festive offers which charges mobile broadband usage at less price as compared to its previous offerings. For pre-paid customers, it announced new scheme to offer 5 GB mobile broadband usage for Rs 499, 7 GB for Rs 699 and continued its offer of 20 GB for Rs 999.
Earlier, the company had a scheme under which it offered 4 GB for Rs 599 and 8 GB for Rs 798.
For post-paid customers, MTS has reduced monthly price of 10 GB mobile broadband usage capacity to Rs 550 from Rs 875 and launched a new scheme which offers 14 GB mobile broadband.
"This is a festive offer but will remain in existence for at least a quarter. After which we will again evaluate it," Musatov said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Northern Lights dazzle the night sky in NorwayNorthern Lights dazzle the night sky in Norway
8 Oct, 2014
Tweet
Text: Reuters
A tourist takes photos of an Aurora Borealis (Northern Lights) over the Bals-Fiord north of the Arctic Circle, near the village of Mestervik.
This year's weirdest questions come courtesy of Apple, Twitter, Goldman Sachs, Google, Amazon,...
 
ET takes you through the various offerings in the market.
 
But, now, it's K10's turn; the more powerful, the more fun to drive and the slightly more expe...
 
>
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

Paris Auto Show 2014: 6 stunning Concept CarsPlease answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

Combined Exhibit of Advanced Technologies 2014Images from Combined Exhibition of Advanced Technologies Japan 2014
1/7
Toshiba's humanoid robot 'Aiko Chihira
7 Oct, 2014
This year's weirdest questions come courtesy of Apple, Twitter, Goldman Sachs, Google, Amazon,...
 
ET takes you through the various offerings in the market.
 
But, now, it's K10's turn; the more powerful, the more fun to drive and the slightly more expe...
 
>
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

Bill Gates appreciates PM Modi s toilet initiativeBill Gates appreciates Prime Minister Narendra Modi's toilet initiative
PTI Oct 7, 2014, 09.20PM IST
Tags:
Bill Gates
(Microsoft founder and billionaire…)
NEW DELHI: Microsoft founder and billionaire philanthropist Bill Gates today appreciated Prime Minister Narendra Modi's efforts to bring sanitation into focus.
"Narendramodi has India talking about toilets--and that's a great thing," Gates said in a tweet, which was re-tweeted by the Prime Minister.
Gates, along with his wife Melinda, had met Modi on September 19 during their visit to India.
Gates, who is involved in healthcare sector, had praised Modi's emphasis on community sanitation initiatives, and in particular, applauded his focus on providing toilets as a critical driver of child health, and a prominent factor in the safety and dignity of women and girls.
Modi has laid thrust on building toilets in all schools, including separate toilets for girls, within one year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swachh Bharat Abhiyan: Delhi BJP to take leaf out of PM Narendra Modi s bookAAP
(Satish Upadhyay will nominate…)
NEW DELHI: Following in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's footsteps to invite nine people to join 'Clean India Campaign', all the office bearers and MPs of BJP in the national capital will each nominate nine prominent persons for participation in the campaign.
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay will nominate nine prominent persons of the society on October 9 for participation in 'Clean India Campaign', which will include social activist , intellectual, sports person, doctor and artist among others.
"All the office bearers of the party and MPs will also invite nine people each in the national capital on their own behalf for participating in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and this will continue in the multiple of nine in the coming days," Upadhyay said.
Slamming AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal for photos of filth and dirt and handing them over to MCD mayors, Upadhyay said that, "Clean India campaign has just started now and the government and corporation know that much has to be done in this field and in this situation, showing photos of the filth in the starting phase of the campaign is childish and nothing more."
"We are of the view that it would be better if the AAP would have cleaned the filth but it is indulging in such activities due to its negative political agenda," Upadhyay said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Traders at sea... can sentiment revive..traders at sea... can sentiment revive..
Vodafone  Idea roll out data plans for festive seasonTelecom companies like Vodafone, Idea, Tata Tele roll out cheaper plans for festive season
Deepali Gupta, ET Bureau Oct 8, 2014, 02.46AM IST
Tags:
cheaper plans
(Sistema Shyam, which operates…)
MUMBAI: Reliance Communications , Tata Teleservices, MTS, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular are rolling out cheap data plans and freebies, hoping to add more new customers this festival season.
Anil Ambani-headed RCom is offering double data limit on some 3G recharges, unlimited use of Facebook, Whatsapp and Twitter, free talk-time equivalent of a 2G data recharge, and double talk-time on some voice recharges.
Sistema Shyam, which operates under the MTS brand, and Tata Teleservices are offering a discount on dongles if customers opt for a post-paid plan.
Vodafone India, which is trying to make a mark in the Karnataka circle, is offering a free dongle (data card) with a two-month subscription on a post-paid data plan with a Rs 650 monthly rental.
Idea Cellular is offering 16GB data and a subscription of Idea TV free for four months to customers who pick a smartphone from the over 20 handsets the company is selling.
"Conversation with consumers has been flipped over and now voice is the add-on service, not data, as was the position last year," said Kamlesh Bhatia, research director, Gartner.
Analysts say that making data central to the plans compels consumers to use it as it is the primary service for which the plan has been purchased. These offers are part of telecom operators' strategy to increase the contribution from data to their overall revenue. Compared with voice, data is a higher revenue margin business and is expected to lead telecom operators' growth through 3G and 4G.
Among telcos, it is the smaller operators who are more aggressive with discounts, as they aim capture new consumers and make a shift in consumer profile compared with incumbents.
"If you see, in voice generally there is no decrease in price, but they (operators) are still willing to do the price war on data. Top players are not willing to give so much discount," said Romal Shetty, national head of telecom at KPMG India .
Bundling offers is a way to increase loyalty of customers the world over. However in India, after CDMA operators burnt their fingers on it in the 2003-2005 period, the concept never really picked up.
However, a senior executive at one of the top operators said it is no longer sufficient to sell data, as it is the utility that must get discovered.
"The search is on for the next big use case for rural India," he said, adding that in these areas, people say entertainment is available on TV, music on radio and news on both.
Social networking is not as well penetrated, or the immediate need for it perceived.Bhatia of Gartner said instant messaging is the tool that will net in more users.
"Even SMBs (small and medium businesses) are starting to use it as a collaborative tool. There is social networking, but instant messaging is the app of the future."
Shetty observed that even though the festive season tends to attract highest revenue for operators, the actual voice calling is not as significantly impacted. It is the higher proportion of SMS and other services that drives consumption.
This year, with the furore around online retail offers, even that will be a driver for data consumption during the season, he added. Online retailer Flipkart said it sold Rs 600 crore of products in Monday's flash sale, and that mobile devices accounted for a sizeable portion of sales.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bitcoin bursts  but could change bankingBitcoin has burst, but could still revolutionise banking
By John Authers
Venture capital is exploring cryptocurrency technology
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bba096c-4e37-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yamaha Motor CompanySPAs stock bets: 16 gems that can brighten your portfolio
Nov 24, 2014 at 16:07 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SPA Research has come out with its 16 stocks, which are expected to reap good returns going forward.
Accumulate TVS Motor; target of Rs 259: Kotak Securities
Nov 24, 2014 at 12:59 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kotak Securities is bullish on TVS Motor Company and has recommended accumulate rating on the stock with a target of Rs 259 in its November 17, 2014 research report.
Check Out: Top chart picks for November 24
Nov 24, 2014 at 08:14 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi of Sharekhan suggests buying Larsen and Toubro with target of Rs 1740 and BHEL with a target of Rs 270.
Medium, heavy CV biz showing signs of recovery: Tata Motors
Nov 21, 2014 at 09:09 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Ravi Pisharody told CNBC-TV18 that in the last two months, although on a low base, the company saw growth in excess of 20 percent.
Tata Motors to treble commercial vehicle exports by 2018-19
Nov 20, 2014 at 15:36 | Source: PTI
The company, which currently exports products to markets, including Middle East and Africa, plans to bolster despatches to existing and new markets to achieve the target.
Eicher Motors still a compelling buy: Experts
Nov 19, 2014 at 16:20 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Dipan Mehta Eicher Motors is a great company and has captured investors interests in an environment where there are still a lot of challenges. It is stock for long-term investors, he adds.
See overall revenue at around Rs 220 cr by FY16: GS Auto
Nov 19, 2014 at 15:24 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Surendar Singh, MD, GS Auto International, discusses the companys earnings and business outlook.
GMR Infra, IDFC, Axis Bank top buys: Birla Sun Life
Nov 19, 2014 at 15:17 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GMR Infrastructure, IDFC and Axis Bank were the top buys while Hindalco Industries, Idea Cellular and Lanco Infratech were the top sells by Birla Sun Life Asset Management.
Toyota mulls bringing more hybrid vehicles in India
Nov 18, 2014 at 15:02 | Source: PTI
The company, which is present in India in a joint venture with the Kirloskar group -- Toyota Kirloskar Motor, is celebrating the first anniversary of its Camry Hybrid in India during which it has sold 541 units.
See strong H2; will sustain performance: TVS Srichakra
Nov 18, 2014 at 10:18 | Source: CNBC-TV18
P Vijayaraghavan, director at TVS Srichakra says the company registered a growth of around 20 percent in the second quarter over the year-ago period.
SPAs stock bets: 16 gems that can brighten your portfolio
Nov 24, 2014 at 16:07 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SPA Research has come out with its 16 stocks, which are expected to reap good returns going forward.
Accumulate TVS Motor; target of Rs 259: Kotak Securities
Nov 24, 2014 at 12:59 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kotak Securities is bullish on TVS Motor Company and has recommended accumulate rating on the stock with a target of Rs 259 in its November 17, 2014 research report.
Check Out: Top chart picks for November 24
Nov 24, 2014 at 08:14 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi of Sharekhan suggests buying Larsen and Toubro with target of Rs 1740 and BHEL with a target of Rs 270.
Medium, heavy CV biz showing signs of recovery: Tata Motors
Nov 21, 2014 at 09:09 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Ravi Pisharody told CNBC-TV18 that in the last two months, although on a low base, the company saw growth in excess of 20 percent.
Tata Motors to treble commercial vehicle exports by 2018-19
Nov 20, 2014 at 15:36 | Source: PTI
The company, which currently exports products to markets, including Middle East and Africa, plans to bolster despatches to existing and new markets to achieve the target.
Eicher Motors still a compelling buy: Experts
Nov 19, 2014 at 16:20 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Dipan Mehta Eicher Motors is a great company and has captured investors interests in an environment where there are still a lot of challenges. It is stock for long-term investors, he adds.
GMR Infra, IDFC, Axis Bank top buys: Birla Sun Life
Nov 19, 2014 at 15:17 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GMR Infrastructure, IDFC and Axis Bank were the top buys while Hindalco Industries, Idea Cellular and Lanco Infratech were the top sells by Birla Sun Life Asset Management.
See overall revenue at around Rs 220 cr by FY16: GS Auto
Nov 19, 2014 at 15:24 | Source: CNBC-TV18
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Surendar Singh, MD, GS Auto International, discusses the companys earnings and business outlook.
Toyota mulls bringing more hybrid vehicles in India
Nov 18, 2014 at 15:02 | Source: PTI
The company, which is present in India in a joint venture with the Kirloskar group -- Toyota Kirloskar Motor, is celebrating the first anniversary of its Camry Hybrid in India during which it has sold 541 units.
See strong H2; will sustain performance: TVS Srichakra
Nov 18, 2014 at 10:18 | Source: CNBC-TV18
P Vijayaraghavan, director at TVS Srichakra says the company registered a growth of around 20 percent in the second quarter over the year-ago period.
Videos »

No untouchables for Putin  says PugachevBusinessmen are ‘serfs’ in Putin’s Russia, warns Sergei Pugachev
By Catherine Belton and Neil Buckley in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab541ee8-4e4c-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Fiscal 2014 Budget Deficit Down at $486 Billion: ReportFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Washington: The US budget deficit fell by nearly a third during fiscal 2014 to $486 billion as federal revenues grew far faster than spending, the Congressional Budget Office said on Wednesday.
Releasing preliminary estimates of final budget data for the year ended September 30, the CBO said that receipts grew nearly 9 per cent from the previous year to $3.013 trillion, while outlays were up 1.4 per cent at $3.499 trillion.
The resulting fiscal 2014 deficit was down about $195 billion from the $680 billion budget gap recorded in fiscal 2013.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

RBI to Cut Rates by 0.75% in 2015: BofAFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
New Delhi: The Reserve Bank is likely to cut rates beginning February as inflation is expected to reach the targetted 8 per cent by next January, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan is expected to cut 75 basis points in 2015, beginning February, according to the global financial services major.
RBI would get the comfort of meeting its 8 per cent January Consumer Price Index-based inflation target, BofA-ML said, adding that "we expect the RBI to cut 75 bps in 2015 from February with inflation on course to 6 per cent in January 2016".
The central bank is likely to be on hold on its next policy meet on December 2.
The factors that are likely to lead to a rate cut early next year include bottoming of inflation, late rains and US Federal Reserve's rate hike expectations, it said.
In the recent past inflation has seen some moderation falling from double-digit figures in 2013 to 7.8 per cent, year-on-year, in August.
In the last monetary policy, Dr Rajan left all key rates unchanged citing continued risks to inflation and difficult external situation especially on the geopolitical front.
For the fourth consecutive time RBI had kept key interest rates unaltered. The short-term lending rate (repo) rate remained at 8 per cent, and the cash reserve requirement of banks at 4 per cent.
The report said: "Supply concerns are expectedly proving overdone. Second, the Rs 1,28,400 crore surplus with the RBI and coal fines or auctions should buffer the Rs 4,67,300 crore net borrowing programme from fiscal slippage."
BofA-ML expects the government to raise overseas investor's investment limit in government bonds to raise the country's foreign exchange reserves.
"It should hike on-auction G-Sec limits by $5 billion to $30 billion, doing away with the separate limit for sovereign wealth funds (SWFs), within the overall $81 billion FII debt limit," the report said.
FIIs have almost entirely utilised their $25 billion limit.
BofA-ML said separate SWF limits are not utilised as many SWFs invest in emerging market/India paper through FIIs. The report sees the rupee at Rs 62 in December with the US dollar settling at 1.25/euro.
It does not expect RBI to fight a rising US dollar beyond 1.25/euro, although dollar/rupee accounts for 85 per cent of the country's trade.
"After all, it is simply not possible for it to offset cross-currency pressures from the greenback given limited forex reserves," the report said.
The American brokerage expects RBI to buy $35-40 billion by March 2016 to maintain 8-month import cover that is key to rupee stability.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 16:07 (IST)

Teesta hydel project faces further delayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tech groups warn over US online snoopingTech groups warn over US online snooping
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2126619c-4f44-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why Beijings hipsters are too cool for a European-themed bar streetWhy Beijing’s hipsters are too cool for a European-themed bar street
Written by
Nona Tepper Online Editor, That's Beijing
October 9, 2014
This Western wonderland just isn't cutting it.(Nona Tepper)
SHARE
Nona Tepper Online Editor, That's Beijing
October 9, 2014
This post has been corrected.
Take the Beijing subway one station past the Guomao Zhan (or International Trade Station) stop. From there, walk outside and hail an autorickshaw driver. Tell him you want to go south. Don’t pay more than 10 yuan ($1.63) for the trip, and remember to keep your expectations low: Tonghui Town is still a ghost town.
Located just outside Beijing’s Central Business District (CBD), a re-paint job for this abandoned bar street was supposed to start this September in preparation for the site’s January 2015 opening. After four years of vacancy, Tonghui’s Virgin Mary, Venus de Milo and Bavarian fraulein murals have faded, but that’s not motivation for property developers to pick up their brushes. The European-style bar street joins an estimated  1,600 unprofitable theme parks  in China, a sign of locals’ discerning taste and failed political ambitions.
Share
Tap image to zoom
A man leaps from a wall, Grecian inspired nymphs dance behind him, and a half-painted goddess stands tentatively on Tonghui’s half-painted walls.(Nona Tepper)
Ask site commercial manager Shu Gaofeng why developers are comfortable losing 34,360 yuan ($5,597) per day in rent and he’ll tell you that Tonghui has actually sold all but one of its 32 units. The last four years have just been a failure in branding the area, he said, which would make sense if Tonghui’s parent developing company hadn’t sold office space to Alibaba Group’s, Yahoo China’s and Taobao’s Beijing headquarters on the same plot of land.
Ask site landscape designer Su (who would only provide his surname) why Tonghui is empty and he’ll tell you that after officials traveled from Beijing to Su Landscape headquarters in Shenzhen more than 10 times to perfect the site’s horse, buggy and Bible decor, the release date was pushed because “they’ve been waiting for the government to finish that bridge to connect to CBD so the rent can get a lot higher,” he said.
Yet four bridges already exist between Beijing’s Central Business District and Tonghui Town, and none are under construction.
Both Su and Shu’s explanations rest on the assumption that renters are interested in leasing space that Tonghui offers. But, given the property’s four years of vacancy, the bar street proves that officials from the Chaoyang District Government of Beijing should have conducted a little more market research.
Share
Tap image to zoom
A wall splices a cow, a steeple strikes the sky, and concrete bricks line Tonghui’s main walkway. The site commercial manager said the developer’s European vacation inspired him to choose Western-style decorations for the street.(Nona Tepper)
“I wonder whether in Beijing there is a bit of a kind of diminishing interest in this particular style of building,”said Bianca Bosker, author of  Original Copies: Architectural Mimicry in Contemporary China .”Beijing just has such a wealth of traditional Chinese architecture and I think there is a sense of great pride in that. I think people really like going to these traditional style houses and back alleys and things like that as opposed to a fake old Europe in the center of Beijing.”
Indeed, the clichéd rise of the “ Beijing hutong hipster ”—the skinny jean’d, craft beer-drinking ex-pat or Beijinger weaving his fixed-gear bike through the city’s traditional back alleys—proves the hutong lifestyle popular, perhaps because it’s distinctly Beijing. In a city where an estimated  one in three  people are from somewhere else, maybe it is the taste of this migrant population that Tonghui Town’s developers failed to account for.
“Ten years ago the whole idea that these foreign styles were connected or related to some kind of concept of luxury was popular,” said Beijing architect John Van de Water. “Foreign architects were flown over (to China) to build their national thing. But now I’m not even confronted with these kind of questions anymore.”
Calls for faux Russian palaces, modern Dutch enclaves, and replica White Houses dried at Van de Water’s Beijing-based firm in 2004. Then, the most expensive project in the city was Roma Town, a replica Italian apartment complex located just south of Tonghui.
“Now I don’t know what this project is selling for, but I know that it’s really decreased in price,” Van de Water said.
Roma Town enjoyed a few years of success before depreciating in value. Tonghui never had that opportunity.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Originally supposed to open four years ago, Tonghui Town remains empty and enclosed in a green plastic fence. Visitors must ask for a tour with the site commercial manager.(Nona Tepper)
Previously, Tonghui Town’s land was used as a wholesale market where migrant farmers travelled to sell their wares. The idea for the bar street was pioneered in 2001,  the same year  the Summer Olympic Games were announced for Beijing. Construction began in 2007, just a year before the games hit the city. Then, China was engaged in a massive local and international propaganda campaign. Until then, the $42 billion spent in preparation for the Olympics  set a record  for the greatest amount of money ever put toward an athletic event. Rural migrants were relocated, the site was swept clean and, in just three years, Tonghui was complete.
The breakneck pace at which Tonghui was built reflected bureaucrats’ exuberance. In Beijing, local government officials are judged on development efforts that they are able to complete during their tenure. As such, they often lend financial support to real estate ventures.
In the case of Tonghui Town, the Nanmofang branch of the Chaoyang District Government of Beijing invested  400 million yuan  ($65 million) into developing the land. Ironically built “to promote the development of the cultural creative industry in Beijing,” investors saved time in the design phase and reduced architectural fees by copying Swiss, French, and German building facades.
Western-branded communities are often seen as having an established track record in providing a competitive edge in China’s crowded commercial market. Once walls are repainted and the alleged tenants move in, the site commercial manager believes that both foreigners and Chinese alike will flock to Tonghui’s bars.
But John van de Water, co-founder of NEXT architects, said that bar-hopping doesn’t fit the traditional Chinese idea of leisure. After more than 10 years of building in China, he said Beijingers prefer multi-course meals, rounds of baijiu, and singing karaoke at KTV parlors to traipsing around to multiple drinking establishments.
Bosker said that prospective bar patrons could look to the European-themed street as a way to figuratively travel abroad without the expense of actually having to leave the country.
Yet heavy traffic clogs the six-lane highway in front of Tonghui. A string of cheap restaurants line the street where Uighurs, an ethnic Muslim group from China’s far west, heat kabobs with hairdryers. For those interested in reverie, Tonghui’s location is not ideal; it’s situated next to “the fourth-most-expensive location to rent office space in the world.” If someone who lives or works in this area wants to experience Europe, they most likely just get on a plane and go.
Follow Nona on Twitter @ntepper90 . We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Correction: A previous version of this post stated Tonghui Town was west of the metro stop.
Share this:

This US airline could serve you cricket protein bars and mushroom teaIt gets better. (Creative Commons/Banzai Hiroaki)
SHARE
Zainab Mudallal @Zainab_Mudallal
October 8, 2014
US airline JetBlue, which has turned its selection of on-board snacks (and its homey presentation of them) into a competitive advantage , has formed a partnership with AccelFoods, an eclectic, New York-based incubator of sorts that helps startup packaged food companies gain some traction.
The deal could bring some interesting items to JetBlue’s already  diverse snack choices , on flights between New York and Los Angeles, starting in 2015. While the actual lineup has yet to be announced, the current roster  of items supported by AccelFoods suggests that travelers could be served items like cricket protein bars , mushroom tea, meal replacement energy drinks, and Cocomels—organic, vegan, coconut caramels.
AccelFoods brings four food startups on board every six months and provides them with mentorship, resources, and funding. The firm has been showcasing its snacks this week in a two-day event, which ends Thursday, at JetBlue’s terminal at New York’s John. F. Kennedy International Airport.
Share this:

Sharad Pawar caused Shiv Sena-BJP breakup: Raj Thackeray | Pawar denies roleAnant Geete
(Everyone knew that the BJP…)
NCP chief Sharad Pawar and MNS president Raj Thackeray in separate, exclusive, interviews with Rajesh Ramachandran and Krishna Kumar speak about the alleged conspiracy behind the BJP-Shiv Sena breakup. While Pawar rules out any truck with Congress ( Read interview ), Raj insists that NCP and BJP will soon be together. Excerpts of the interview with Raj Thackeray:
You had supported Narendra Modi in the general elections, but now you are attacking him. What changed in five months?
I think I am the first person to have made a statement that Narendra Modi should be the Prime Minister of India. Today, however he is still working as if he is the PM of Gujarat. When he met the US president, the first words from Barack Obama were 'Kemcho Mr Prime Minister'. That is because Modi's image has become entirely that of the PM of Gujarat. We are not against Gujaratis or even against Gujarat but this cannot be the image of our country's Prime Minister. In Maharashtra, 250 acres meant for Coast Guard was cancelled after Modi became the PM and the project was taken away to Gujarat. Your love for Gujarat can be seen after you became the PM, after all this, how can we accept that you are the country's Prime Minister?
You have also criticised Modi over the number of election rallies he has been holding in Maharashtra?
I am not concerned with the rallies but the use of government machinery for this purpose. When we want to hold a rally the Election Commission asks us how much we have spent? Now, when Modi is campaigning, he is using all the government facilities, government aircraft and helicopters are being used. A huge number of police guards him during the tours as he is the PM. But the PM is using government machinery while campaigning for a political party. He is the first PM who is addressing so many rallies for the assembly polls. There are soldiers getting killed on our border. But what does our PM do? He is campaigning in Haryana and Maharashtra. We didn't make you the PM for this? He talks to the country on how the people should function and how they should behave. But he should start with himself.
Why do you think the BJP snapped the alliance with the Shiv Sena?
Everyone knew that the BJP was going to break the alliance. If I knew it then wouldn't the Sena have known it? There was only greed for power and seats. The divorce papers were ready long ago. They were only interested in who gets how many seats. During the days of Balasaheb, Advani and Vajpayee, there was a relationship between the two parties now there are only deals to be made.
Why did the Sena take so long to understand that the BJP was going to break the ties?
Well, I knew sitting outside that the BJP was going to break the ties. The Sena was, however, desperate for an alliance and hence kept chasing the BJP while the BJP was over-confident.
Is there a Modi wave now? Considering he is addressing so many rallies?
There is no Modi wave. He has to attend so many rallies because there is no wave and also, BJP doesn't have a face to project. Modi himself said in his first rally that if Gopinath Munde was alive he wouldn't have had to campaign. BJP doesn't have any leaders in Maharashtra, yet they are asking for a majority. Modi is coming to campaign, but he is not going to be the CM. So why should people vote for Modi?
What would be the post-poll scenario?
When I fight elections, I don't think about results whether it is assembly or Lok Sabha polls. I was actually not keen on fighting the Lok Sabha polls as I knew what the results were going to be, however there were pulls and pressures within the party. I had no conviction while addressing rallies then and I knew it. Today, I have 100% conviction while fighting the assembly elections and when I fight the election I don't think of how many seats I will get.
You had said that you would join the Shiv Sena in a post-poll scenario against the BJP?
No, I have not made such comments, all I said was that if attempts are made to separate Mumbai from Maharasthra then all the Maharashtrians in the state would come together to fight it.
The BJP is talking of creating a separate state of Vidarbha , will this become a big issue in these elections?
They are talking but they won't be able to do it. This issue would hurt them across Maharashtra.
You believe that Sharad Pawar is going to join hands with the BJP after the elections?
Pawar has good equations with the BJP. He was about to join the NDA even during the Lok Sabha elections, however, it could not happen because of opposition from the RSS. I have come to know of at least three to four meetings with Modi. This is what we have come to know, there could be many more that we don't know. Don't be surprised if you see Pawar as a minister after the elections. It was Pawar who told the BJP that if you break the alliance with the Sena then the NCP will break the alliance with the Congress.
You had also apparently met BJP leader Nitin Gadkari secretly?

Cyclone Hudhud intensifies; Odisha  Andhra Pradesh brace for impactHudhud intensifies; Odisha, Andhra brace for impact
Priya Ranjan Sahu , Hindustan Times  Bhubaneswar/New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 10:48 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 17:23 IST(9/10/2014)
A strong cyclone heading towards India’s southeastern coast gathered strength on Wednesday, uprooting trees, triggering landslides and snapping power and phone links as it crossed the Andaman and Nicobar islands, officials said.
 
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) predicts Cyclone Hudhud -- named after a colourful bird – is likely to pack speeds of up to 140 km per hour when it makes landfall between Vishakhapatnam and Gopalpur on Sunday.
Odisha Disaster Rapid action force (ODRAF) personnel checking up their equipment in preparation ahead of cyclone HudHud in Bhubaneswar.(PTI photo)
An image from INSAT-3D of Indian Meteorological Department shows the actual position of cyclone Hudhud on October 9, 2014th at 08:30am.
"It is now crossing the Andaman and Nicobar Islands," the IMD said in a bulletin. "Thereafter, the system would continue to move west-northwestwards, intensify further into a severe cyclonic storm during the next 24 hours and subsequently into a very severe cyclonic storm during subsequent 36 hours."
Read: After Phailin, Cyclone Hudhud to hit Ganjam district
In the Andaman and Nicobar islands, authorities shut schools, cancelled ferry services and warned off fishermen. The islands' key Andaman Trunk Road was shut after dozens of trees were uprooted. Government officials said heavy rain set off landslides and snapped some power and communication lines.
Officials said they were working to clear the fallen trees, reconnect disrupted utilities and had deployed national disaster response forces. "I feel the entire situation will be fully under control," Tanvy Garg, the district commissioner of South Andaman, told reporters.
Authorities in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh are on alert with the cyclone bearing down on the coast exactly a year after cyclone Phailin battered Odisha. The state’s effective preparations, such as the evacuation of close to one million people to cyclone shelters, saved countless lives last year.
Aid workers say the state’s disaster preparedness was thanks in large part to the lessons learnt after a powerful cyclone in 1999 that killed 10,000 people.
Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik with officials from different departments during the cyclone preparedness review meeting at Secretariate in Bhubaneswar on Oct 8, 2014. (PTI Photo)
Met department officials said Cyclone Hudhud would be less intense than Cyclone Phailin, but disaster management preparations were in full swing in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh.
 
“The wind speed of Phailin was 210-220 km an hour. On the contrary, Hudhud is expected to have wind speeds of 130-140 km an hour. So this would be less intense, but we still monitoring and keeping a close watch,” said Dr M Mohapatra, head of the cyclone warning system at the IMD.
Read:  Odisha sets 'zero casualty' target as Hudhud approaches coast
 
Met department officials said fishermen had been warned not to go to sea as Odisha might experience heavy rainfall on October 12 and October 13 due to the effect of Cyclone Hudhud.
 
“All preparations have been made to meet the situation. All concerned departments have been asked to make their contingency plans,” said chief minister Naveen Patnaik.
 
Panicked coastal villagers on Wednesday scrambled to buy items of food and fuel, from rice and potatoes to petrol. Potatoes disappeared from markets and prices of onions, vegetables and other essential items rose by about 50%.
(With agency inputs)

Positive US sentiment buoys Asia bourses© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bb22670-4f62-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No let up in cross-border firing by Pakistan  three more BSF jawans injuredAs firing from across the border declined following strong retaliatory response by India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Friday said Pakistan has been taught a "befitting lesson" with the Army "shutting their mouth".
         
"Pakistan has got a befitting lesson. They will not dare to repeat it again. Our jawans have shut their mouth," he said addressing an election rally at Dhamangaon in Maharashtra.
         
The Prime Minister said those living close to the border with Pakistan who had to leave their homes following nine days of heavy mortar shelling and firing will be adequately compensated by the Centre.
         
"I assure you, the government of India will act promptly to provide adequate compensation to those who had to leave their homes due to shelling and migrate elsewhere," he said.
         
Modi also slammed Congress for targeting him over his government's response to Pakistan's aggression.
         
"Congress is busy issuing statements over what is happening on the Pakistan border. This not the time for empty 'boli' (talk) by them, but for 'goli' (bullet) by our jawans," he said.
A lady clears her damaged house after heavy firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Kanachak village in Jammu. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
 Meanwhile Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif Friday called for honouring the sanctity of the border with India. 
Sharif, who chaired a National Security Committee (NSC) meeting, said that Pakistan's desire for peace should not be misunderstood, Dawn  Online reported.
The meeting was attended by Pakistan's interior minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan, defence minister Khawaja Asif, the advisor to prime minister on national security and foreign affairs Sartaj Aziz and senior military officers.
The top military leadership briefed the meeting about the latest situation along the Line of Control and the International Boundary and said that Pakistani forces were only firing in self-defence and not targeting civilian areas.
 Sharif also deplored the loss of lives in the Pakistani side as a result of the firing.
Except for  firing by Pakistan in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district for about 20 minutes at four  BSF outposts, there for was no firing along the IB on Thursday night. 
Read: Pak’s logic for targeting border stumps Army, BSF
"There was no cross-border firing during the intervening night of October 9 and 10 along the International Border in Jammu and Samba districts", a BSF spokesperson said.
 The IB has witnessed heavy firing for nine days that has left eight persons dead and injured nearly 90 people, including 13 security personnel.
 
Besides over 32,000 people have fled from their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.
 
India and Pakistan troops traded heavy fire along the IB on the intervening night of October 7 and 8 after Pakistan Rangers shelled almost the entire IB by targeting 60 outposts and over 130 border hamlets in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts of Jammu and Kashmir, in which 15 people including 3 BSF jawans were injured.
Earlier on Thursday defence minister Arun Jaitley warned Pakistan that it would have to pay an “unaffordable” price if it persisted with unprovoked firing along the border, upping the ante amid the most intense fighting between the South Asian rivals in over a decade.
“If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable for it,” Jaitley told a press conference. “India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor but at the same time it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory.”
Watch: Pakistan to pay ‘unaffordable’ price for their ‘adventurism’: Arun Jaitley
Jaitley said Indian forces were doing a commendable job in the face of acts of aggression by Pakistan and ruled out talks until the firing continued.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said India responded to the aggression from across the border with courage.
“The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated,” Modi told an election rally in Maharashtra's Baramati on Thursday .
“Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage.”
Read: To minimise casualties, BSF asks locals to restrict movement
This is the first major fighting with Pakistan that the Prime Minister has dealt with since winning the election in May. It comes after weeks of destabilising anti-government protests in Pakistan and just a few days ahead of state assembly elections, for which Modi has been campaigning.
While exchanges of sporadic fire are common along the border, the extent and intensity of the exchanges and the number of civilian deaths is unusual
Analysts say the violence comes at a time when Pakistan's army is taking a more assertive role in the country’s politics while India has toughened its stance ahead of assembly elections this month.

India among top 5 financial contributors to Ebola responseOct 09, 2014 at 08:55am IST
India among top 5 financial contributors to Ebola response
13
0
Washington: India is among the top five contributors to the UN Ebola response with a contribution of US dollar 12.5 million, according to a fact sheet released by US Secretary of State John Kerry.
The US with US dollar 113.8 million tops the list to the UN Ebola response. It is followed by the European Union (US dollar 55.5 million), Canada (US dollar 31.9 million), Netherlands (21 million) and India with US dollar 12.5 million.
At a joint news conference with British counterpart Philip Hammond, Kerry lamented that many nations have contributed to this global effort to fight the deadly disease.
The world's largest outbreak of Ebola has killed 3,865 people out of 8,033 infected so far this year, according to the WHO's latest count.
#ebola #ebola virus #india #un
The UN has identified US dollar 1 billion in urgent needs, he said.
"The World Bank has put in 22 per cent. The USA has put in 11 per cent. Private sector, 10 per cent," he said.
The fact sheet presented by him showed that India has contributed a little over one percent, to this.
"The fact is more countries can and must step up in order to make their contributions felt, and this chart tells the story. Those are not enough countries to make the difference to be able to deal with this crisis," he said in his presentation.
The UN, he said, is falling short of US dollar 300 million. Experts say Ebola is transmitted by close contact with the bodily fluids of a person who is showing symptoms of infection such as fever, aches, vomiting and diarrhea, or who has recently died of the hemorrhagic virus.
The world's largest outbreak of Ebola has killed 3,865 people out of 8,033 infected so far this year, according to the WHO's latest count.
9

India industrial output likely rose 2.4 per cent in AugustE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Brent comes off 27-month low  holds above $91 as dollar weakensBrent comes off 27-month low, holds above $91 as dollar weakens
Reuters | Singapore Oct 09, 2014 09:51 AM IST
Brent crude futures held steady above $91 a barrel on Thursday, after rebounding from a 27-month low hit in the previous session as the US dollar weakened on the possibility the Federal Reserve could hold off raising interest rates.
Expectations that oil demand could increase towards the end of this month - even though US crude stocks increased more than expected last week - also helped to support prices.
Minutes of the U.S. Fed's last policy meeting released on Wednesday showed signs that concerns about the impact of a strengthening greenback on the economy may delay any decision on interest rate changes.
Low interest rates "might be around for a little bit, which is supportive for commodities, not just oil," said Mark Keenan, head of commodities research in Asia for Societe Generale in Singapore.
A rise in interest rates could tighten money supply which would be negative for commodities trading.
Brent for November delivery was up 5 cents to $91.43 by 0406 GMT. The front-month contract fell as low as $90.57 on Wednesday, the lowest since June 2012, before recovering to close at $91.38 - still down 73 cents.
U.S. November crude climbed 17 cents to $87.48 after ending the previous session down $1.54. In the previous session, it hit its lowest level since April 2013 at $86.83.
"Energy prices should experience some upward push with a weakening dollar as it should be relatively cheaper to purchase energy products," Singapore's Phillip Futures said in a report on Thursday.
A falling greenback makes dollar-denominated commodities such as oil less expensive to holders of other currencies.
The dollar's index against a basket of six major currencies slipped in early Asian trade on Thursday to 85.143, its lowest level in nearly two weeks.
US CRUDE STOCKS
Crude inventories soared a more-than-expected 5 million barrels in the week to Oct. 3, data from the U.S. Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration showed on Wednesday. A build of 1.5 million barrels had been forecast by analysts polled by Reuters.
Some analysts, though, were encouraged by a draw of 1.58 million barrels in crude stocks at the Cushing, Oklahoma, delivery hub.
"We are moving towards seasonal demand for oil which should be supportive for prices. Demand is still low but seasonality should pick it up a little bit," Keenan said.
Increased winter demand for oil should be seen towards the end of this month, he said.
Investors were also keeping an eye on developments in the Middle East where Islamic State fighters on Wednesday launched a renewed assault on Kobani, close to the Syrian-Turkish border, as U.S. and coalition warplanes attacked IS targets in Syria.
Top diplomats from Iran, the European Union and the United States, including U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, will meet in Vienna next week, to try to make progress towards a long-elusive deal to end a dispute over Tehran's nuclear programme by a Nov. 24 deadline.

In common regional tongue  a common possible objectiveComments
Uddhav Thackeray with Pawar in 2009; they have identified a common enemy. Source: Express File
Narendra Modi’s emergence as the common target of various parties, including the BJP’s former ally the Shiv Sena, is a pointer to new combinations that can potentially take shape after the polls, with the NCP too having broken up with the Congress.
Will the Thackeray cousins get together? Will either or both align with the NCP? These three parties, which account for 120 seats in the current assembly of 288, together out-polled the BJP and the Congress in 2009 if those two tallies were to be counted individually.
And it is these three that have taken up the common theme. Uddhav Thackeray has been unrelenting in his campaign against Modi following the Shiv Sena-BJP split. Raj Thackeray has accused Modi’s government of trying to sever Mumbai from Maharashtra. The NCP too has chosen to target Modi rather than the Shiv Sena.
With five standalone parties rather than two alliances, the Maharashtra-based three seem to have sensed a fractured verdict and hence targeted the party they fear can get closest to the majority mark of 145. Single-party rule could threaten the very existence of these three parties, as can a two-party tradition with room for no party other than the Congress and the BJP.
Y P Thakar, director of the policy think-tank Centre for Development Planning and Research, says these elections are indeed a straight fight between the BJP and the Congress. “At present the elections are being fought strongly on the lines of regional parties versus the national party,” Thakar says. As such, he feels, an NCP-Sena-MNS combination might try and get together if the verdict is fractured.
For the BJP, union minister Prakash Javadekar makes an assessment: “It can’t be mere coincidence that the Sena, the MNS and the NCP are speaking the same language against Modi. It shows they are joining hands to keep the BJP out.”
And for the Congress, former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan says, “The NCP’s decision to part ways with the Congress means they have other options open for after the polls.” A Congress general secretary adds, “It is evident that the Sena is following Pawar’s script. Uddhav Thackeray’s attack is entirely against the BJP and Modi. They have stopped talking about NCP ministers in alleged scams.”
The NCP’s Ajit Pawar says, “Naturally, we would like to consolidate our numbers in the free-for-all contest,” but insisted, “The NCP has its own base and can withstand Modi and the BJP.” NCP leaders stress they cannot ally with “communal forces” but that description has of late been exclusively for the BJP and not the Sena. An NCP functionary concedes, “If the regional parties have to hold on to their respective turfs, we have to attack the biggest rival. And today, the BJP is the biggest threat to the NCP, the Sena and continued…

More legal trouble for Infosys  whistleblower sues for  retaliationWhistleblower in US sues Infosys for 'retaliation'
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, October 09, 2014
First Published: 08:46 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:51 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
Software giant Infosys has been hit by another lawsuit, by the same whistleblower whose earlier suit cost the company $32 million to settle with US government.
Jack “Jay” Palmer, the whistleblower, filed the new suit in New Jersey state the past week alleging continued retaliation by the company for exposing its misuse of hi-tech visa.
“Infosys’ retaliation continues to this day by putting Mr. Palmer on a blacklist of former employees who are ineligible for rehire,” said the suit filed by his lawyer Maurice R Mitts.
This time, Palmer has sued not only the company but also its top executives — former CEOs NR Narayan Murthy and SD Shibulal and former Global legal head Jeffrey Friedel.
Infosys refuted Palmer's complaint  saying: “Palmer’s current complaint in the United States District Court in New Jersey is a repetition of issues that were tried and dismissed by a federal court in 2012. Palmer resigned in 2013 November and released the company from the charges he has alleged in the complaint. We believe this is without any legal merit and will vigorously defend this complaint. We expect the issues to be resolved at the earliest."

US to begin new layers of Ebola entry screening at airportsUS to step up Ebola screening at airports
PTI
print
In its effort to prevent any Ebola-infected patient entering America's shores, the US will introduce additional screening of passengers at the country's five busiest airports from this week.
The five airports are John F Kennedy International Airport in New York, Washington Dulles International Airport outside Washington, DC, O'Hare International Airport in Chicago, Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport in Atlanta and Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey.Watch: Airport screening expanded in US after Ebola patient dies
New York's JFK International Airport will begin the new screening on Saturday. In the 12 months ending July 2014, JFK received nearly half of travelers from the three West African nations.
Read: First Ebola patient diagnosed in the US dies in Texas hospital
The enhanced entry screening at Washington-Dulles, Newark, Chicago-O'Hare, and Atlanta international airports will be implemented next week, US officials said.
These airports receive over 94 per cent of total travelers from the Ebola-affected nations of Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
"CBP (Customs and Border Protection) personnel will continue to observe all travelers entering the United States for general overt signs of illnesses at all US ports of entry and these expanded screening measures will provide an additional layer of protection to help ensure the risk of Ebola in the United States is minimized," said Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson.
"We work to continuously increase the safety of Americans," said Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Director Tom Frieden.
"We believe these new measures will further protect the health of Americans, understanding that nothing we can do will get us to absolute zero risk until we end the Ebola epidemic in West Africa," he said.
This is part of the American effort to prevent the spread of the disease inside the country.
CDC is sending additional staff to each of the five airports. After passport review travelers from Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone will be escorted by CBP to an area of the airport set aside for screening.
Trained CBP staff will observe them for signs of illness, ask them a series of health and exposure questions and provide health information for Ebola and reminders to monitor themselves for symptoms. Medical staffs will take their temperature with a non-contact thermometer.
Meanwhile, US President Barack Obama reviewed Ebola preparedness with his top military commanders when he visited the Pentagon on Wednesday.
Read: UN okays $49.9 mn funding for Ebola response
"Our military is essentially building an infrastructure that does not exist in order to facilitate the transport of personnel and equipment and supplies to deal with this deadly epidemic and disease," Obama said.
"We are doing it in a way that ensures our men and women in uniform are safe. That has been my top priority, and I've instructed folks we're not going to compromise the health and safety of our armed services," he said.
"But what's true is, we have unique capabilities that nobody else has. And as a consequence of us getting in early and building that platform, we're now able to leverage resources from other countries and move with speed and effectiveness to curb that epidemic," he said.
The first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States, Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan, died on Wednesday morning at a Dallas hospital, a hospital spokesman said.
Read: Universal Ebola drug target identified
Ebola has killed more than 3,400 people in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea since the outbreak began in March, nearly half of all those infected, according to the World Health Organization. While several American patients have been flown to the United States from West Africa for treatment, Duncan was the first person to start showing symptoms of the disease on US soil.

Where is Kim Jong UnWhere is Kim Jong Un? North Korea leader's absence sparks speculation
Reuters
print
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has been out of sight for over a month and if he does not appear at a key political event early on Friday, speculation will intensify over his health and grip on power in the secretive country.
North Korea's state media, which usually chronicles the 31-year-old's whereabouts in great detail, has not made any mention of Kim's activities since he appeared at a concert with his wife on September 3.
Friday is the 69th anniversary of the founding of North Korea's Workers' Party, an event Kim has marked in the past two years with a post-midnight visit to the Pyongyang mausoleum where the bodies of his father and grandfather are interred.
"Should he fail to appear, it will fuel speculation that the young North Korean leader has fallen on hard times of one kind or another," said Curtis Melvin, a researcher at the US-Korea Institute at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies in Washington. "The longer he remains out of the public eye, the more uncertainty about him, and the status of his regime, will grow." Kim's father, Kim Jong Il, often appeared in state media at party events or factory visits on the October 10 anniversary, newspaper archives show.
North Korean officials have denied that Kim's public absence since early September is health-related and a US official following North Korea said this week there were no indications he was seriously ill or in political trouble. Speculation that Kim's unusually long absence from public view may be due to ill health was fuelled by a North Korean TV report late last month that he was suffering from "discomfort".
Some Pyongyang-watchers also suggest that Kim may have been sidelined in a power struggle, a scenario they say was reinforced by the unexpected visit on Saturday of a high-level delegation to the closing ceremony of the Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea. Another interpretation of that visit holds that it was meant to convey stability in Pyongyang.
"It would have to be a very subtle coup indeed not to disrupt international travel plans," said Andray Abrahamian of the Choson Exchange, a Singapore-based NGO currently running a programme for North Koreans in Southeast Asia. This is not the first time Kim Jong Un has been missing from public view. In June 2012, six months after coming to power, state media failed to report on or photograph him for 23 days. He re-surfaced the next month at a dolphinarium.
Kim, who has rapidly gained weight since coming to power after his father died of a heart attack in 2011, had been seen walking with a limp since an event with key officials in July. He was absent from a Sept. 25 meeting of the Supreme People's Assembly, or parliament, the first he has not attended since coming to power three years ago.
However, Kim's name has not disappeared from state propaganda. Thursday's edition of the Workers' Party newspaper, the Rodong Sinmun, carried three letters to Kim from overseas allies on its front page, and has reported on returning athletes from the Asian Games who thanked "the Marshal" for his support during the competition.
Abrahamian said he believes Kim's absence has been due to health reasons, and not that he's been usurped. "Kim Jong Un has always shared power with other key figures and even if the internal balance of power has shifted, it is unlikely that they would want to remove him, given his unmatchable symbolic value. Again, though, everyone is guessing," he said.

Beijing suffers from heavy smog  yellow alert issuedBeijing suffers from heavy smog, yellow alert issued
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Oct 9:  
The highly polluted fog is back again to haunt the Chinese capital as the government issued a yellow alert for air pollution for the next three days advising residents to take a number of precautions.
Due to the weather, pollution was predicted to remain heavy in Beijing until Saturday, the Beijing heavy air pollution response office said today.
The Beijing Meteorological Observatory yesterday issued a yellow alert for smog, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
Besides the commencement of winter, officials say the pollution is caused by ramped-up production by industrial units in and around the city which were opened yesterday after a week long National Day holiday.
It is the first yellow smog alert in Beijing since the beginning of July. Tianjin and Hebei also issued a yellow alert.
Citizens, especially elders and children, were advised to take protective measures. Schools were asked to avoid outdoor activities and reduce physical exercise classes.
Air quality index (AQI) in downtown Beijing exceeded 200 for the past 24 hours, according to data this morning obtained by the Beijing Municipal Environmental Monitoring Center.
An AQI of over 300 is defined as “serious pollution” and an AQI between 201 and 300 is considered “heavy”, according to China’s standard.
Downtown density of PM2.5, particles under 2.5 microns in diameter and major air pollutant, at 8 p.m. was more than 300 micrograms per cubic meter., in Beijing.
“Serious smog has appeared in the Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei region,” said Li Jing, a forecaster at the Beijing Meteorological Bureau.
Heavy pollution was reported in Hebei and Henan provinces yesterday. Cold air is forecast to blow away the smog on Saturday night, said Li.
Tianjin and Hebei will continue to have heavy pollution until this evening, according to forecast.
The smog also prevented citizens from watching a total lunar eclipse yesterday. Beijing officials claim to have improved pollution law enforcement.
In the first eight months, there were more than 1,000 breaches of the law with fines totalling 23 million yuan (about U.S. $ 3.8 million) issued, up 99 per cent and 375 per cent respectively year-on-year.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Nifty holds 7 900; RIL  ONGC up 1%Nifty holds 7,900; RIL, ONGC up 1%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 11:36 AM IST
Markets continue to remain firm in early noon trades aided by strong performance of financials and oil shares along with a  rebound in IT stocks ahead of Infosys' second quarter earnings due tomorrow.
At 11.30AM,  Sensex is trading at  26,520 with a gain of 273  points while Nifty is up 79  points at 7,921.       .
In the broader market, both BSE Mid-Cap and Small-Cap with around 1.3% gains have outperformed the market.
Market breadth is positive with almost three gainers for every decline at BSE.
Rupee is trading higher at 61.05 compared to its last day close of 61.40 against US Dollar. Forex dealers said besides selling of the American unit by exporters and easing global crude prices, gains in other Asian currencies against the dollar and a higher opening in the domestic stock market, buoyed the sentiment.
Asian stocks firmed up tracking overnight gains on Wall Street and weakness in the dollar after the minutes of the latest Fed meeting highlighted worries over downside risks to the global economy. Shares in Japan edged higher but a stronger yen capped upside gains. The Nikkei was down  0.7%. Shares in Hong Kong rebounded after recent correction and the Hang Seng was up 1% while Shanghai Composite is flat and Straits Times was up 0.8%.
Major US stock indices surged nearly 2% as the minutes of the September meeting indicated that the US Federal Reserve would not hike interest rates for a "considerable time".
Sector and Stocks
All the 12 constituent sectors of Sensex are advancing with BSE Capital Goods gaining the most at 1.8% followed closely by BSE Reality, Metal and Bankex sectors up around 1.6%,
Among the heavyweights, ICICI Bank and HDFC Finance have gained 1.6-1.8% each while within the baking sector which has advanced on the optimist forecasts of IMF  Axis Bank and SBI are other big gainers, up 1.5-2.1% each.
IT stocks have rebounded sharply after they lost ground on Wednesday following downgrade by Citigroup. Infosys, Wipro and TCS have gained around 1%.
L&T continues on its upward trajectory from yesterday gaining around 1.7%. Biggest gainer in the capital goods sector is BHEL which has surged around 4% after winning a contract worth Rs 7,800 Crore from Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation.
Pharma shares have shrugged off the negatives of the US Congress probing allegations of irregularities in generic drug-pricing. Sun Pharma, Dr Reddys and Cipla have gained around 2%.
Cipla surged after  the company said  its subsidiary Medpro Pharma has entered into a tie up with Teva Pharmaceuticals affiliate to exclusively sell Teva products in South Africa.
Hindalco is the biggest gainer which has surged around 5%. Analysts expect Hindalco's Q2 results to be uplifting particularly after Alcoa, world's third largest producer of alumunium, spectacularly exceeded market estimates  and reported three times more profit compared to last year's Q3. Tata Steel and Sesa sterlite have gained 1-1.4% each.
Among other stocks, 8K Miles Software Services has locked in upper circuit of 5% at Rs 571, also its new high on BSE, after the company reported nearly three-fold jump in consolidated net profit at Rs 4.15 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q2), on back of strong operational income.
Polaris Financial Technologies earlier dipped 15%  National Stock Exchange (NSE) after the stock turn ex-scheme of arrangement today however pairing losses it is currently up 4%.
Shares of BEML have surged nearly 3% to Rs 597on the BSE after the public sector undertaking engaged in the manufacture of metro cars and defence equipment bagged an order worth Rs 570 crore from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) for supply of 70 cars yesterday. It is already producing 92 cars for Delhi Metro.

DCB Bank gains on closure of QIP issueDCB Bank gains on closure of QIP issue
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 11:32 AM IST
Shares of DCB Bank were trading 3% higher at Rs 83 after the bank's Capital Raising Committee of the Board (CRC), at its meeting held on October 08, 2014, annouced the closure of the qualified institutional placement (QIP) after receiving the subscription.
The CRC also approved the issue price of Rs. 82.15 per equity share, which is at a discount of Rs. 4.30 per equity share, to the Floor Price of Rs. 86.45 per Equity Share, for the Equity Shares to be allotted to eligible qualified institutional buyers in the QIP.
The stock opened at Rs 81.40 and touched a high of Rs 83.35 till now. Over 360,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.

BIMTECH aims at developing ethical global leadersBirla Institute of Management Technology, G. Noida
Overall Rank : 20; Learning Experience Rank: 11
H Chaturvedi, Director, Birla Institute of Management Technology (BIMTECH), believes its 26-year journey has been a tremendous experience.
"Be it the in-class teaching and learnings or the out-of-class growth environs that BIMTECH offers, the industry-academia mix of our faculty results in better experiential learning for our students... The mandatorily residential programme provides a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to students to develop high standards of interpersonal skills, and ample opportunities for team work, which form the core of a successful managerial career."
Chaturvedi envisages making BIMTECH known for developing ethical global leaders and entrepreneurs striving for sustainability and inclusive growth.
The institute is taking all measures to reach out to recruiters. Chaturvedi affirms that BIMTECH has established cordial relations with existing and recurrent recruiters. "We constantly apprise them of our happenings, events and notable academic achievements of students and faculty."

Indias stern warning to Pak over border firing: Our forces will make cost of your adventurism at LoCunaffordableArun Jaitley said that India does not attack, but it has a responsibility to safeguard its territory and people.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 11:48 am | Updated: October 9, 2014 1:34 pm
Even as Pakistan continues to violate ceasefire along the Line of Control (LoC) and target civilian areas at the international border , India on Thursday issued a stern warning to the neighbouring country, saying its “adventurism” at the border will cost it dearly.
Addressing a press conference in the national capital, his first after having been discharged from the hospital, Union Defence Minister Arun Jaitley talked tough to Pakistan. He said, “If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable.”
Dismissing Pakistan’s allegations of aggression by India, the Defence Minister said, “India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor. But at the same time, it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory. Our Armed Forces particularly the Army and the BSF in this case have only one option – that is to respond adequately and defend our territory and our people.”
Praising the forces for doing a “commendable” job in the “face of these unprovoked acts of aggression by Pakistan” Jaitley said, “Pakistan in this case has clearly been the aggressor…but it must realise that our deterrence will be credible. If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable.”
The Defence Minister further ruled out any talks with Pakistan , saying there cannot be any talks between the two countries as long as the firing is on.
Jaitley said that the firing by Pakistan along LoC is connected to infiltration attempts by terrorists. According to the Defence Minister, the firing is done to provide cover to those trying to infiltrate into India. He said “Pakistan needs to stop what it is doing, if it wants peace along the LoC…the adventurism will cost them dearly”.
Jaitley added that “Pakistan should stop this unprovoked firing and shelling if it wants peace. As long as that continues, how can there be peace? How can you talk when firing is on?”
Responding to criticism by the opposition parties, Jaitley said that the responses from “some” political leaders are “ill informed”. “There is a need of communication that leaders across political parties must understand what our forces are doing there… I have seen some ill informed responses from some senior leaders…in this, it is not only Congress leaders but also NCP leader who has been a former defence minister– at least he should have known,” he said.
This came hours after at least eight people, including three BSF personnel, were injured as firing by Pakistan rangers spread all along the international border. As many as 60 Indian border outposts were also targeted by the Pakistani side.
Pakistan needs to stop what it is doing, if it wants peace along the Line of Control

Top 5 reasons why Sensex surged over 300 points | 20 trading betsYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends 390 points up; top 5 reasons why today's rally is sustainable
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 03.50PM IST
(All the sectoral indices…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty bounced back after three days of decline and closed above 7,950 as sentiment turned bullish in global markets as the US Federal Reserve's indicated interest rates will not be hiked earlier than expected.
The Sensex ended the day at 26,637.28; up 390.49 points.
The Nifty shut shop at 7,960.55; up 117.85 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index rallied 1.82 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index surged 1.54 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 3.01 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex was 2.41 per cent higher, the S&P BSE Power Index advanced 2.25 per cent and the S&P BSE Metal Index advanced 1.76 per cent.
BHEL (up 8.16 per cent), Hindalco (up 5.51 per cent), Zee Entertainment (up 5.10 per cent), Ambuja Cements (up 3.89 per cent) and Punjab National Bank (up 3.33 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Tech Mahindra (2.55 per cent), Jindal Steel (0.60 per cent), NMDC (0.56 per cent), NTPC (0.49 per cent) and Wipro (0.48 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 923 gainers against 217 losers.
(All figures except for Sensex and Nifty are provisional)
Market analysts say looking at today's gains, it appears the pull-back move may last in the near term.
Following are five reasons why today's rally could be sustainable, at least in the near term:
Dovish stance of the US Fed: The US Federal Reserve officials today stressed that the interest rates hike will take some time. According to analysts, the US Federal Reserv''s comments appear to be dovish.
According to reports, officials at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting were wary of strengthening dollar amid weak eurozone, slowdown in China and Japan and elevated geopolitical risks.
'Easy money' has been entering the Indian markets due to low interest rates in the US. This trend saw a reversal following the indication of a rate hike.
It appears that as long as low interest rates continue, inflows will continue in the India. "It certainly helps the sentiment of the markets. The Fed has used every opportunity to change the rules and they would like to keep the rates low for as long as possible. But they also have to remember that the composition of the FOMC in 2015 will be a lot more dovish than it was this year. There will be a few changes there. So the first interest rate hike will come later rather than sooner," said Hans Goetti, Head of Investment-Asia, Banque Internationale a Luxembourg (BIL) to ET Now.
Sharp decline in crude oil prices: A sharp spike in the US dollar index has led to a sharp correction in the global commodity prices. Crude oil is in a bear market and fell to a 27-month low due to a strong dollar. This is a positive for the Indian economy. India's major import is crude oil prices.
Lower crude oil prices not only help in improving India's current account deficit, but at the same time take care of subsidy burden on oil marketing and fertilizers companies. It also helps in taming inflation and bringing in RBI's target range.
"The recent fall in global commodity prices provides an opportunity to contain inflationary expectations. The fall in the crude prices is a silver lining for the Indian markets in terms of reducing oil subsidies and import bill," said Dipen Shah Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Other metal commodities have also declined recently on concerns of a slowdown in China. This is likely to help Indian manufacturing companies as it will lower their raw material costs.
Stable Indian rupee: The US dollar has appreciated by almost 10 per cent against the Euro, 7.5 per cent against the Japanese Yen and 5 per cent + against Pound in the last five months.
Yet, the Indian rupee has shown quite a bit of resilience and has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent in the same period.
"Oil prices have dropped by nearly 15 per cent whereas the rupee has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent, giving a huge cost saving of nearly 12.5 per cent on the largest import bill for the country," said Sachin Shah- Fund Manager, Emkay Investment Managers.
Pre-emptive steps by the central bank have helped the Indian currency from a steep fall. There have been reports of RBI's intervention to prevent the rupee from slipping below 62 per dollar. According to analysts, it looks unlikely that the rupee will fall below 63 per dollar till next financial year.
IMF forecasts higher GDP growth for India: The International Monetary Fund has cut global growth forecast and that for emerging market economies as a whole. The IMF expects global economy to grow by 3.8 per cent next year, lower than its July forecast of 4 per cent. However, IMF has raised India's growth forecast to 5.6 per cent for 2014 from 5.4 per cent earlier.

Re surges 35 paise vs $ to hit day s high of 61.03You are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Rupee ends day at 61.05 versus US dollar
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 05.03PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Extending its rising streak…)
MUMBAI: The rupee closed the day at 61.09 against the US greenback, after gaining 50 paise to 60.90 per dollar in intraday trade. This was on the back of persistent selling of the American unit by banks and exporters amid bearish dollar overseas and rallying domestic equities.
The rupee had resumed higher at 61.13 per dollar as against yesterday's closing level of 61.40 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange ( Forex ).
In the New York market, the US dollar languished at a two-week low against its major rivals in early trade, having fallen for a third straight session minutes after the US Federal Reserve's last policy meeting which prompted markets to push out the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tianhe slumps after trading resumesTianhe shares plunge after trading resumes
By Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95ac5430-4f6d-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ABB s Q3 results on October 28  2014Oct 09, 2014, 12.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ABB's Q3 results on October 28, 2014
ABB India Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 28, 2014, inter alia, to take on record the Un-audited Financial Results and Limited Review Report thereon for the third quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q3).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ABB's Q3 results on October 28, 2014
ABB India Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 28, 2014, inter alia, to take on record the Un-audited Financial Results and Limited Review Report thereon for the third quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q3).
Post your opinion here
 
ABB India Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 28, 2014, inter alia, to take on record the Un-audited Financial Results and Limited Review Report thereon for the third quarter ended September 30, 2014 (Q3).Further, as per the Company's code of conduct for prohibition of insider trading, the trading window for dealing in the securities of the Company will remain closed for all directors / officers / designated employees of the Company from October 01, 2014 to October 30, 2014 (both days inclusive).Source : BSE

Kiri Industries: Updates on ensuing board meeting on Oct 10  2014Oct 09, 2014, 12.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kiri Industries: Updates on ensuing board meeting on Oct 10, 2014
With reference to earlier announcement dated Oct 07, 2014, regarding Board Meeting on Oct 10, 2014, for issue and allotment of Equity shares and warrants on preferential basis, Kiri Industries has now informed that the Board will also consider issue and allotment of equity shares upon conversion of series A of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kiri Industries: Updates on ensuing board meeting on Oct 10, 2014
With reference to earlier announcement dated Oct 07, 2014, regarding Board Meeting on Oct 10, 2014, for issue and allotment of Equity shares and warrants on preferential basis, Kiri Industries has now informed that the Board will also consider issue and allotment of equity shares upon conversion of series A of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds.
Post your opinion here
 
With reference to earlier announcement dated October 07, 2014, regarding Board Meeting on October 10, 2014, for issue and allotment of Equity shares and warrants on preferential basis, Kiri Industries Ltd has now informed BSE that the Board will also consider issue and allotment of equity shares upon conversion of series A of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds.Source : BSE

Industrial output rose 2.4% in AugustHi Guest
Industrial output rose 2.4% in August
Indian industrial output probably bounced in August from a four-month low, driven by solid growth in core industries, although a broader economic recovery is likely still some distance away, a Reuters poll found. Production at factories, mines and utilities likely rose an annual 2.4 per cent in August, up from July's 0.5 per cent rise, according to the survey of 26 economists. The government will release the output data on Friday. The consensus reflects optimism about higher production in the ...

Blue Star to hold board meetingBlue Star to hold board meeting
Are you shunning PPF for ELSS investment Read this!Are you shunning PPF for ELSS investment Read this!
Jaitley warns Pakistan of  heavy price to pay   as firing continues across borderJaitley warns Pakistan of  heavy price to pay   as firing continues across border
Sensex rallies on dovish Fed; top 12 stocks in focusSensex rallies on dovish Fed; top 12 stocks in focus
Shoppers storm India s growing e-retailersShoppers storm India s growing e-retailers
US Stocks Jump after Fed Minutes; Nasdaq Up 1.9%US Stocks Jump after Fed Minutes; Nasdaq Up 1.9%
WTI  Brent crude oil futures higher as stockpile gain exceeds forecastWTI  Brent crude oil futures higher as stockpile gain exceeds forecast
Cyclone Hudhud: Coastal districts on high alert in A.P.Cyclone Hudhud: Coastal districts on high alert in A.P.
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam , Oct 9:  
The Andhra Pradesh Government is on alert to face the threat posed by the cyclonic storm Hudhud and has given instructions to the collectors of the four coastal districts likely to be affected to take all precautionary measures, according to State Panchayat Raj Minister Ch. Ayyanna Patrudu.
He told reporters here on Thursday that according to the forecasts the cyclonic storm may cross the coast anywhere between Gopalpur in Odisha to Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh on Sunday forenoon and four districts in AP may be affected - Srikakulam, Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam and East Godavari.
There may be some impact on the other coastal districts. "The collectors have set up control rooms in these districts and are taking all precautionary steps. Fishermen have been warned to keep off the sea. We will act as the situation unfolds," he said.
Coincidentally, almost at the same time last year, Phailin cyclone crossed the coast near Gopalpur in Odisha and Srikakulam district was badly affected.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

China to levy import tariffs on coal from Oct. 15China to levy import tariffs on coal from Oct. 15
Reuters
Tweet
SHANGHAI, Oct 9:  
China, the world's top coal importer, will levy import tariffs on the commodity after nearly a decade in its latest attempt to support ailing domestic miners.
The sudden move by China to levy import tariffs of between 3 per cent and 6 per cent from October 15 is set to hit miners in Australia and Russia - among the top coal exporters into the country.
It is not clear if exporters in Indonesia, the second-biggest shipper of the fuel to China, will be subject to the tariffs since a free trade agreement between China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) means Beijing has promised the signatory nations zero import tariffs for some resources.
China had set import taxes for all coals, with the exception of coking coal, at 6 per cent prior to 2005 before they were gradually reduced and scrapped in 2007. Coking coal import taxes were set at 3 per cent before being abolished in 2005.
The Ministry of Finance said in a statement on Thursday that import tariffs for anthracite coal and coking coal will return to 3 per cent, while non-coking coal will have an import tax of 6 per cent. Briquettes, a fuel manufactured from coal, and other fuels will see their import tariffs return to 5 per cent.
The latest efforts to limit imports comes after nearly a year of intense lobbying by China's top miners for Beijing to stem the flood of cheap supplies that have inundated the domestic market and dragged local prices to a six-year low.
The China National Coal Association, which had submitted proposals to reduce domestic output, reduce tax burden and regulate imports, had urged Beijing to act swiftly to support the besieged sector, where 70 per cent of the miners were making losses and more than half were owing wages.
China said last month it will ban the import and local sale of coal with high ash and sulphur content starting from 2015 in a bid to tackle air pollution. But Australian miners were left unscathed by that regulation as the most stringent standards did not apply to power plants.
While speculation has swirled about the resumption of the import tariffs since late last year, some industry participants were surprised by the high rates and the types of coal that were included.
"Having a 6 per cent import tax for thermal coal is very high and that will easily snuff out any price advantage overseas suppliers can offer," said a Shanghai-based coal trader.
"It is also puzzling that they have resumed tariffs for coking coal, since China has a shortage of quality coking coal."
China, also the world's top coal producer and consumer, imported 327.1 million tonnes of coal in 2013, accounting for about 10 per cent of the country's total consumption.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)

Helion Ventures invests in TalentPadHelion Ventures invests in TalentPad
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
Helion Advisors, an investor in technology start-ups, has invested in online recruitment platform TalentPad. This is the first round of institutional fund raising by the company.
TalentPad will use the funds to fuel its marketing initiatives and bolster its management team. Ritesh Banglani, Partner at Helion, will join the board of the company, it said in a statement.
However, Helion Advisors did not disclose the quantum of the investments it made in TalentPad.
“Consumer internet services is a priority investment sector for us and we are always on the lookout for innovative plays in large, established markets like recruitment. There is a huge demand-supply gap in the recruitment segment, especially at the higher end of technology driven businesses, and TalenPad is ideally poised to meet the emerging opportunity,” said Banglani.
TalentPad was co-founded in 2014 by IIT and IIM alumnus Mayank Jain Nikhil Vij and Raghav Jain.

MV Kamath  a repository of knowledge  says ModiMV Kamath, a repository of knowledge, says Modi
Our Bureau
Mangalore, Oct 9:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has termed MV Kamath a repository of knowledge.
Expressing his condolences on the death of Kamath, Modi tweeted: “A prolific writer and fine human being, Shri MV Kamath’s demise is a loss to the world of literature and journalism. May his soul rest in peace.
“My mind goes back to the several interactions I had with MV Kamath ji. He was a repository of knowledge, always full of humility and grace,” he said.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Obama to visit Pentagon  two months after airstrikes in Iraq beganBy Dan Lamothe October 8 Follow @danlamothe
President Obama delivers remarks during a dedication ceremony for the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial in Washington on Sunday. EPA/SIPA USA-KT / POOL
Wednesday marks two months since U.S. airstrikes in Iraq against the Islamic State began Aug. 8. More than 260 have been launched there and the attacks have since expanded into Syria, with more than 95 strikes, beginning Sept. 23.
With that as the backdrop, President Obama will visit the Pentagon on Wednesday, meeting with top commanders to receive an update on both the military campaign against the Islamic State and the U.S. military’s role in the effort to end the Ebola health crisis in West Africa, said Caitlin Hayden, a White House spokesperson.
The president also will meet with his National Security Council to discuss operations against the Islamic State, U.S. efforts to bolster Iraqi security forces and equip rebels who are fighting against both the Islamic State and the forces of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. He will also review cooperation among the 60 other countries that have agreed to offer some form of assistance in the fight against the Islamist militant group, Hayden added.
The president also will meet with members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said Col. Edward Thomas, a spokesman for Gen. Martin Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs.
The Obama administration has taken heat in the last few days for its handling of the crisis in Iraq and Syria, especially as the key border town of Kobane in northern Syria, near Turkey, faces a fierce assault from the Islamic State. The United States stepped up its airstrikes around Kobane on Tuesday, preventing militants from seizing the town . It is still uncertain, however, if it will be enough to prevent the fall of Kobane.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Sensex closes at 2-mth low  Infosys fallsMarket update: Sensex closes at 2-month low, Infosys falls
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 19:36 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Thursday closed over 25 points lower in choppy trade with IT stocks led by Infosys recording losses, but oil & gas, PSU, metal and banking shares rose, avoiding a steeper fall in the index. Wednesday's closing level was the lowest for the Sensex in nearly two months.
After opening in the negative zone at 26,229.67, the 30-share barometer slipped further to touch an intra-day low of 26,150.09 on continued capital outflows and selling by retail investors, tracking weak cues from overseas markets.
Buying in select blue-chip stocks wiped off initial losses and the BSE index rose to the day's high of 26,338.31. It finally settled 25.18 points (or 0.10 per cent) lower than its previous close, at 26,246.79.
It had lost 358.54 points in the previous two sessions on negative domestic as well as global factors.
The broader National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty ended in red with a marginal fall of 9.70 point (or 0.12 per cent) at 7,842.70.
The 50-issue NSE index moved between 7,869.90 and 7,815.75 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Brokers said sentiment was hit by persistent capital outflows, weak trends in global markets and the cut by by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in its global economy growth forecast for next year to 3.8 per cent.
Participants were cautious ahead of the earnings season beginning later this week with Infosys posting July-September quarter results, brokers said.
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 332.84 crore on Tuesday.
Out of the 30 Sensex scrips, Cipla, Dr Reddy, Hero MotoCorp, Sun Pharma, TCS and Wipro fell, while 19 others ended higher. Hindustan Unilever ended flat.
IT services major, Infosys plunged 4.70 per cent to Rs 3,650.20 a piece amidst reports that global financial services major Citigroup has downgraded the stock to 'neutral' from 'buy'. The stock dragged the BSE IT sector index by 3.44 per cent.
Healthcare index fell 3.27 per cent and Teck index by 2.83 per cent.
Bucking the trend, Oil & Gas index rose 1.69 per cent as shares of RIL, ONGC and GAIL caught buyers' fancy. PSU index up 1.61 per cent.

FII Inflows Into Equities May Top $25 Billion in 2014-15: ExpertsGold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Mumbai: As the Indian economy is showing signs of recovery, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) are expected to pump in more funds into equities, which may take their total exposure in the country to as high as $35 billion this fiscal year, experts say.
"If all goes well and GDP continues to grow at the current levels, we could expect FII flows into the equities to touch $25 billion within the next one year," DSP Black Rock MF president and chief investment officer S Naganath told PTI on the sidelines of a Ficci-organised capital markets summit in Mumbai on Wednesday.
After growing at under 5 per cent for two consecutive fiscal years, the economy grew at 5.7 per cent in the first quarter of 2014-15. While the government has projected a near 6 per cent growth for the full fiscal year, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has pegged it at 5.5 per cent.
"FIIs have already pumped in $14 billion into the domestic equities so far this fiscal and it is all set to increase next year," Mr Naganath said, adding that they will be focusing on the defensive sectors and gradually to mid-segments.
However, India Ratings' managing director and chief executive, Atul Joshi, sees the overall FII inflows topping $35 billion this fiscal year.
"We do hope that this trend will continue and FII inflows may cross the mark of $35 billion or more by the end of the fiscal," he said.
"Typically, foreign inflows will happen in defensive sectors like banking, IT and pharma. The way the country moves and its GDP moves, different sectors become attractive accordingly. Mid-segment sectors like cement, steel, textile, auto and even real estate may also see the inflow of foreign capital in days to come," Mr Joshi said.
After pulling out nearly $15 billion from the country last fiscal year following the Federal Reserve's talk of tapering its stimulus programme, which hit the rupee hard, FIIs have returned to the market in a big way.
The stock market rally following the BJP victory in the general elections since May has catapulted the BSE 30-stock index, Sensex, by close to 29 per cent year-on-year.
Total exposure of FIIs in the domestic market is $25 billion, with $11 billion in the government bonds.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 21:36 (IST)

 Kris Gopalakrishnan Bids Farewell to InfosysYou are here: Home Corporates
Gopalakrishnan Bids Farewell to Infosys
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 08, 2014 23:10 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Bangalore: Kris Gopalakrishnan, the last among its founders to leave Infosys, was on Wednesday given a farewell at the company headquarters where co-founder N R Narayana Murthy said he had no regrets about his second come-back.
"I have no regrets at all. Life is about doing certain things and not doing certain things. At the end of the day, it is the sum total of all this.... So I have no regrets," Mr Murthy said, flanked by other founders including Nandan Nilekani who had a brief stint in politics and unsuccessfully contested last Lok Sabha elections from Bangalore.
Seven co-founders, led by Mr Murthy, set up the city-based firm in 1981. Mr Murthy had the longest run of about 21 years as CEO before passing the baton to Nandan Nilekani, followed by Mr Gopalakrishnan and S D Shibulal.
Mr Murthy returned to the over $8 billion firm for a second stint as chairman in June last year after Infosys hit rough waters, falling behind peers like Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and HCL Technologies. Mr Murthy, who brought his son Rohan along in the second stint, quit in June following a spate of senior executives leaving the company.
He and Mr Gopalakrishnan stepped down as executive chairman and executive vice chairman respectively on June 14. They, however, continue on the board till October 10 as non-executive chairman and non-executive vice chairman.
Mr Murthy, who will be designated as chairman emeritus from October 11, said listing of Infosys on Nasdaq, the first by an Indian company, was the "high point" of his career.
S Gopalakrishnan, or Kris as he is fondly known, said he is not set out for politics.
"In my case, at least at this point, no political ambitions at all. I don't think I am set out for politics," he said when asked if he too will join politics like his former colleagues Mr Nilekani and V Balakrishnan.
He further said he is looking at pursuing the areas of research and entrepreneurship in the days ahead.
In August this year, Infosys appointed former SAP board member Vishal Sikka as its CEO and managing director.
Mr Sikka is the first outsider (and not part of the co-founders' club) to lead the Bangalore-based firm. He took over from Mr Shibulal.
Talking about the transition, Mr Shibulal said it is like any other transition at any other firm. "This is an organisation with very strong values and beliefs. It believes in speed and innovation and I hope they will continue to be preserved."
"We leave with the satisfaction of taking this company from a market value of Rs 28.5 crores on the day of listing in India in 1993 to Rs 2,00,000 crores today, a return of 6,50,000 per cent over 21 years - a CAGR of 89 per cent," Mr Murthy added.
At the farewell function held at the company's headquarters, the founding team with Mr Murthy, K Dinesh, Nandan Nilekani, Shibulal, Kris and N S Raghavan were present.
Reminiscing his stint at Infosys, Mr Gopalakrishnan Kris said computers have become ubiquitous and created a large industry, both in products and services.
"The Internet has connected the world. I have been fortunate to be part of this industry for the last 35 years of its 70 years. I was fortunate that my passion for computing became my profession, and that I was able to make an impact in this industry through Infosys, through the innovations we pioneered and the jobs we created," he said.
Speaking about the importance of connecting with customers for business success, Mr Nilekani said building client relationships based on intimacy and empathy ranked among his top three priorities for business organisations.
"But intimacy is not only about knowing your client; it is also your ticket to mindshare. And anyone who has business experience will tell you that mindshare always precedes share of market, or of wallet. This is the reason why a number of CEOs at global organisations passionately voice their commitment to 'listening on the job'," he said.
Speaking about his last role as the head of quality at Infosys, Mr Dinesh said the firm has earned the sustained trust of stakeholders.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 22:29 (IST)

Border still tense; PM Modi says all will be fine soonSRINAGAR/NEW DELHI, October 8, 2014
Updated: October 9, 2014 01:14 IST
Border still tense; PM Modi says all will be fine soon
Zahid Rafiq
Tweet
A boy injured in firing by Pakistani troops along the J & K border being rushed to the Government Medical College Hospital in Jammu on Wednesday. Photo: AP
The Hindu Pakistani troops targeted 50 security outposts and three dozen hamlets with heavy mortar shelling and firing. A File Photo of India-Pakistan border in Samba sector, Jammu.
The Hindu Pakistani troops targeted 50 security outposts and three dozen hamlets with heavy mortar shelling and firing. File Photo
TOPICS
India-Pakistan
The International Border in Jammu and Kashmir remained tense on Wednesday as Pakistani and Indian troops continued to exchange fire even as two women were killed and 25 injured in Pakistani shelling in the Samba sector of the Jammu region.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi told presspersons that “everything will be fine soon” without elaborating how normalcy would be restored. Government sources said the BSF had been told not to seek any flag meeting with the Pakistani Rangers till the firing stopped. Indian troops would continue to respond strongly to the “unprovoked” Pakistani shelling. As India did not escalate the situation, there was no question of scaling down the response, they said.
The Congress criticised the handling of the situation. At a rally in Maharashtra, party vice-president Rahul Gandhi said Mr. Modi had done nothing to stop the shelling.

http://usat.ly/1vNviJIGap slumps after CEO announces resignation
By: Gary Strauss October 8, 2014 4:10 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Gap GPS   tumbled 8% to $38.75 in after hours trading Wednesday following word that CEO Glenn Murphy will retire in early 2015.
The San Franciso-based company, which operates the Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy chains, said Murphy will be replaced Feb. 1 by Art Peck, who heads the chain’s digital operations and had served previously as the company’s North American President, executive vice president for strategy and operations and head of Gap outlet stores. Peck, 59, joined Gap in 2005.
Murphy, 53, has been CEO since August 2007. Under his watch, Gap eventually reversed four consecutive years of same-store sales drops to post gains in three of the past four fiscal years, while Gap shares are up more than 100%.
For its latest quarter ended Aug. 2, sales rose 2.9% to $3.98 billion and net income rose 9.6% to $332 million.  But Gap said Wednesday that September sales were up just 1% to $1.46 billion over September 2013 and warned that third quarter profit margins would fall
below year-ago levels due to an 8% rise in operating expenses and sluggish Gap store sales. Murphy said September proved “more challenging than we expected.”
Glenn Murphy
Murphy has been among the retail sector’s best-paid executives, pulling in an average compensation package valued at $15.4 million.  Last year, Murphy’s pay  was valued at $18.7 million. He gained another $62.7 million exercising stock options and from vested shares.
Murphy told Gap directors of his plans to retire on Oct. 2, saying he couldn’t make a long-term commitment to the company.
Director Bob Fisher, whose parents, Doris Fisher and the late Donald Fisher  founded Gap in 1969, will assume Murphy’s role as board chairman, his second stint in the role.  Fisher, 60, served as board chair from 2004 to 2007.
Follow stocks on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

NAB blames profit warning on UK woesNational Australia Bank blames profit warning on UK PPI troubles
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a9cf846-4f4d-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan Machinery Orders Rise  But Economy Concerns LingerYou are here: Home Economy
Japan Machinery Orders Rise, But Economy Concerns Linger
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 08:13 (IST)
FDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Tokyo:
Japan's leading gauge of capital spending rose for a third straight month in August, in a tentative sign firms are investing their profits in plants and equipment that could bolster growth in the world's third-largest economy.
But analysts say the 4.7 per cent gain in core machinery orders is not enough to dispel concerns the economy is losing traction even as the Bank of Japan keeps ultra-loose monetary policy and the government stands ready to deploy fresh stimulus.
A sales tax hike that went into effect in April triggered the deepest economic slump in the April-June quarter since the 2008-09 global financial crisis.
The data followed a shocking slump in August factory output and other soft indicators including exports and household spending, complicating the government's decision by the year-end on whether to proceed with a second sales tax hike next year.
"Today's data in itself is positive as it confirms steady capital spending," said Takeshi Minami, chief economist at Norinchukin Research Institute.
"But companies remain far from being assured about the outlook. If consumption and factory output remain sluggish, that could force them to revise down their capital spending plans."
Minami added that a weak yen was positive to business investments as it helps boost profits at exporters but the effects would depend on how external demand fares from now on.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is due to make a decision on the sales tax increase in December, looking at economic indicators in July-September for clues on whether the economy is strong enough to withstand the impact from the higher levy.
The government plans to increase the sales tax rate to 10 per cent in October 2015, after having raised it to 8 per cent from 5 per cent in April.
Cabinet Office data showed core machinery orders, a highly volatile data series regarded as a key gauge of capital spending in six to nine months, rose 4.7 per cent in August from the prior month, much faster than a 0.9 per cent gain expected by analysts.
"Machinery orders show a moderate pick-up move," the Cabinet Office said, upgrading their assessment. Previously, machinery orders were described as seesawing.
The rise followed monthly gains of 3.5 per cent in July and 8.8 per cent in June, after a record 19.5 per cent drop in May.
While manufactures' orders fell 10.8 per cent in reaction to a big gain in July, non manufacturers' orders rose 10.7 per cent, helped by a big order for battery chargers at a leasing sector.
Compared with a year earlier, core orders, which exclude ships and power utilities, fell 3.3 per cent in August, versus a 5.1 per cent decline seen by economists, it showed.
The Japanese economy shrank an annualised 7.1 per cent in the second quarter, the biggest contraction since early 2009, as the April tax hike dealt a heavy blow to consumer demand.
With exports and private consumption both lacking momentum, policymakers hope firms capitalise on higher profits to boost investment and raise wages to generate a virtuous economic cycle and sustain growth in the broader economy.
The Bank of Japan's key tankan corporate survey showed last week that big firms expect to raise capital expenditure by a more-than-expected 8.6 per cent in the current fiscal year to March.
The BOJ on Tuesday stuck to its monetary stimulus and view that the economy is continuing to recover moderately, while noting weakness in factory output, as firms are saddled with inventories of unsold cars and electronics.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Flipkart test: Will Narendra Modi stop etailers in their tracksE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi to meet Zuckerberg  likely to discuss use of Facebook  social media for improving governanceOct 09, 2014 at  08:47am IST
Modi to meet Zuckerberg, likely to discuss use of Facebook, social media for improving governance
13
2
New Delhi: Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg has come to India for a two day visit during which he will meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The two are likely to discuss how social media can be used for improving governance and enhancing India's tourism.
Tech Expert Rishabh Jain said, "Facebook has a crystallised consumer base in US na Europe. But now India can create new dimensions to it."
Zuckerberg will be attending the Internet.org content and usability summit that aims to make internet access more affordable for people. The summit will bring together experts, officials and industry leaders to focus on ways to deliver more online services to people in languages other than English.
#facebook #social media #narendra modi #india
Ambarish Mitra, CEO, Blipper CEO Ambarish Mitra said, "Mr Modi's cuurent government is driving very successfully this awareness that technology is not the end. It's a very successful means to lot of ends."
Narendra Modi who pioneered the use of social media for election campaigning has more than 6.9 million followers on twitter and almost 23 million likes on his Facebook page.
The company's keen interest does not come as a surprise as India is the second largest market for Facebook. When Modi met Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg, he had suggested the use of Facebook for improving governance, citizen to government interaction, and to attract more tourists to India.
Arnav Ghosh, Regional Director, Blipper Regional Director Arnav Ghosh said, "As a technology global company, if you have A Vision to be globally domainant then you cannot ignore India."
With over one billion users globally, over 100 million people access Facebok in India. According to market research firm eMarketer, India's social networking population will rise rapidly, touching almost 109 million by the end of the year compared with almost 78 million in 2013 - almost 10% of the Indian population and mostly young people.
49

IT big 5 may pull off a cracker of results showTop 5 IT players likely to report robust growth in Q2
Ranjit Shinde, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 10.16AM IST
(A lack of sharp appreciation…)
Top IT stocks fell sharply on Wednesday after touching record intra-day levels a day earlier. Citi Research India, in a report, said it was toning down optimism over the sector's future performance, apart from downgrading Infosys ratings from buy to neutral, Tech Mahindra from neutral to sell, and Mindtree from buy to sell, a move which left investors wary of the sector. These stocks may exhibit greater volatility in coming weeks, depending on the quarterly performance of the companies.
However, despite the scepticism, top five IT players are expected to report robust sequential growth in revenue and net profit for the September 2014 quarter because of better demand traction in the US and a reviving European market for IT outsourcing. A lack of sharp appreciation in the rupee against major currencies compared with the quarter-ago levels, too, augurs well.
The sample of TCS, Infosys, Wipro and Tech Mahindra is expected to report a growth of 5.7% in sales and 3% in net profit sequentially. It's based on average of estimates reported by eight brokerages, including Barclays Research India, Citi Research India, Edelweiss Securities, Kotak Institutional Equities, Motilal Oswal Securities, MSFL, Anand Rathi Research and Religare Institutional Research, and internal estimates of the ET Intelligence Group.
Compare this with a lacklustre 0.1% growth in revenue and 1.9% drop in profit sequentially for the June 2014 quarter. TCS will stand out due to expected higher organic growth and the benefit from integration with Mitsubishi joint venture.
Historically, the demand scenario is upbeat during the September quarter for Indian IT outsourcing companies. This will benefit top players such as TCS and HCL Technologies, which have shown aggression in bagging large multi-year projects from the US and European clients.
Among the top five, TCS is expected to report the highest dollar-denominated revenue growth of 5-7% sequentially. Apart from growth in existing business, it also includes an increase of 2-2.5% due to integration of revenue from the joint venture with Mitsubishi. This will translate into 8% growth in revenue at Rs 23,847 crore, according to average estimates.
Other players in the top five are likely to report 4-4.5% revenue growth in rupee terms. Apart from revenue growth, TCS will also lead the pack on the net profit front with a likely 7% growth sequentially. Companies including Wipro and HCL Tech are likely to show deceleration in net profit due to the impact of increase in wages. Their operating margin is expected to drop by 30-40 basis points.
Investors will closely track the management commentary of Infosys for initial signs of recovery. It will be the first full quarter for the company under new CEO Vishal Sikka.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex up 300 points  Nifty reclaims 7900; Hindalco  BHEL zoomOct 09, 2014 at  05:01pm IST
Fed minutes lift Sensex 390 points; BHEL up 8 pc, Infosys Q2 eyed
1
0
Mumbai: Bulls finally found their feet on Dalal Street on Thursday. Equity benchmarks snapped three-day losing streak due to broadbased rally triggered by Fed chair Janet Yellen and the US Federal Reserve.
Benchmarks recouped all its losses seen in previous three sessions. The 30-share BSE Sensex surged 390.49 points or 1.49 percent to close at 26637.28 and the 50-share Nifty climbed 117.85 points or 1.50 percent to 7960.55.
The broader markets too participated in the rally with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rising 1.8 percent and 1.6 percent, respectively. Dovish statements from the US Federal Reserve (on Wednesday) triggered a relief rally not only in India but also across the globe.
The 30-share BSE Sensex surged 390.49 points or 1.49 percent to close at 26637.28 and the 50-share Nifty climbed 117.85 points or 1.50 percent to 7960.55.
#stocks #sensex #nifty #hindalco
The latest minutes of a meeting (held on September 16-17) of the central bank hinted that rate hikes in the US will take some time. Asian markets (barring Nikkei) gained 0.3-1.2 percent following rally in US markets while European markets were marginally in green after strong opening.
Back home, Madhya Pradesh on Thursday kicked off its fourth edition of the global investors' summit, to attract billions of dollars in big-ticket projects from global investors and industry heavyweights. The three-day long event was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who appealed to foreign investors to invest in Madhya Pradesh through the 'Make in India' campaign. He added that foreign investments worth USD 100 billion are knocking India's doors and it is up to the states to lap up as much as they can.
Meanwhile, Facebook's co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg came to India to meet the Prime Minister. He said Facebook is ready to help the government connect nearly 600 villages in India which do not have internet access. Stock in action It was a broadbased rally as all sectoral indices closed in green.
BSE Capital Goods, Realty, Bank, Power, Metal, Oil & Gas, Healthcare and Auto indices surged 1-3 percent. State-run power equipment maker BHEL was the top gainer throughout the session, up 8.4 percent on bagging EPC order worth Rs 7,800 crore for 2x660 MW rating supercritical power project from Tamil Nadu Generation & Distribution Corporation.
Its rival engineering and construction major Larsen and Toubro was up 2.6 percent. Aluminium major Hindalco Industries rallied 6 percent after strong earnings reported by Alcoa in September quarter. ICICI Bank, HDFC, HDFC Bank, State Bank of India, Reliance Industries, Tata Motors, Axis Bank and Tata Steel were other prominent gainers, up 2-3 percent. Drug maker Cipla was up 1 percent on collaboration with Teva Pharma for South African market.
It was a volatile session for Infosys ahead of its second quarter (July-September) earnings that will be announced on Friday morning. Analysts expect 3 percent growth in dollar revenues and do not expect any change in FY15 dollar revenue guidance. CEO Vishal Sikka's strategy will be closely watched. Anything above 3.5 percent growth in dollar revenue in Q2 may spark rally in stock. The scrip closed marginally lower on Thursday.
0

HTC Desire Eye: HTC s selfie-focused smartphone with a 13MP front camera launched34
2
New Delhi: After Samsung and Microsoft, HTC has now introduced its selfie-focused smartphone. Named the HTC Desire Eye, the new smartphone is claimed to include one of the best front-facing cameras.
The Desire Eye has a 13 megapixel front and rear cameras for detailed image quality. Its front camera is the highest resolution front camera to date. Both the front and rear cameras have a dual-LED flash to provide natural tones. The BSI sensors on both the cameras are said to capture crisp photos even in low-light conditions.
ALSO SEE HTC RE Camera: A waterproof, 16-megapixel external camera that you can control with your phone
It has a dual-colour, waterproof unibody design with a 5.2-inch full HD display. Beating under the hood is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor.
HTC Desire Eye has a dual-colour, waterproof unibody design with a 5.2-inch full HD display. Beating under the hood is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor.
#htc #htc desire eye #htc selfie phone #selfie smartphone
According to the company, The HTC Eye Experience takes mobile imaging software to a new level. The HTC Eye Experience's face tracking keeps you framed at all times. Also up to four people in the same room can also be tracked comfortably, with each face cropped and positioned on the screen for maximum clarity.
Its new Split Capture function combines simultaneous photos and videos taken on the front and back cameras into one split-screen image or video, creating a new selfie experience. Crop-Me-In places you at the heart of the action by cropping you from the image or video taken with the front-facing camera and positioning it within the scene captured by the main camera.
Voice Selfie makes it easier for you to take selfies. Simply "say cheese" as soon as you've struck the perfect pose or trigger the video recording with "action" or "rolling" commands.
Additions to the HTC Desire 820 are also included in the HTC Eye Experience such as face fusion, the feature that allows you to merge your face with that of a friend or celebrity for a completely original look and Live Makeup, where you can set the desired level of skin smoothing and preview the effect in real-time before the image is captured.
The option of screen sharing in the HTC Desire Eye brings desktop functionality to smartphone-based video chat.
The HTC Desire Eye will be rolled out across EMEA, Asia and the US from October.
1111

Once No. 1  Hooda cant take that for grantedOnce ‘No. 1’, Hooda can’t take that for granted
Written by Mukesh Bhardwaj | Panipat |       October 9, 2014 10:41 am
Comments
Too many leaders have left the Congress for its comfort, mostly because of differences with Hooda.
In 2009, the Congress had gone to the Haryana polls with jingles praising “Haryana No. 1” Bhupinder Singh Hooda, who went on to retain power. He continues to claim that ranking as he seeks a third term. But in an election where he is fighting deeper anti-incumbency than ever, not everyone in the Congress counts him as the prime contender any longer.
The Congress leadership cites tradition to say it will not name a chief minister until after the polls. In fact, one of Hooda’s detractors within the party, Capt Ajay Yadav, had declared after resigning as minister, and then meeting Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi, that he too may be chief minister. “The Congress has so many leaders who could be chief minister but this question will arise after the result,” says Shakeel Ahmed, Congress general secretary-in-charge of Haryana.
Too many leaders have left the Congress for its comfort, mostly because of differences with Hooda. Among them, Rao Inderjit Singh, Dharambir and Ramesh Kaushik have gone on to become BJP MPs.
Others who have left include one of the strongest claimants to the chief minister’s chair, Birender Kumar. Venod Sharma, once Hooda’s closest aide, too has left. Old rivals such as Kumari Selja continue to attack him.
Hooda held on to power in 2009 after being reduced to 40 of 90 seats; he won the support of six MLAs of the HJC. Since then, his troubles have mounted in the party as well as outside, with the opposition constantly attacking him for lopsided development, corruption, nepotism and land deals.
Hooda has been accused of restricting major projects to Rohtak and Jhajjar in Lok Sabha constituency, represented by his son Deepender. Selja and Birender have called him “chief minister of Rohtak”. And the INLD’s Dushyant Chautala has said, “To him Haryana means Rohtak. We are not against development of Rohtak but a chief minister just cannot ignore Sirsa.”
Rivals note how he has posted close aides in key positions, such as his former principal secretaries Murari Lal Tayal and Chhatar Singh as members of the Competition Commission of India and the UPSC, and the wife of one of his advisers as an information commissioner. The names of eight of his ministers, chief parliamentary secretaries and senior leaders have come up in connection with a cash-for-change-of-land-use scam.
There are also the land deals, with Hooda accused of manipulating Robert Vadra’s deals. Arvind Kejriwal once called Hooda a property dealer. The BJP is threatening to probe all these deals if it comes to power.

Retail business picks up but not across cate...You are here: Home > Collections > Consumer
Retail sector picks up but sales still inconsistent
Kala Vijayraghavan, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 02.43AM IST
(India’s oldest organised retailer Kishore Biyani has…)
The volume of personal requests for the first lot of Apple's newest iPhone coming the way of Ajit Joshi, CEO of retail chain Croma, heartens him: such technological innovations and upgrades bring in people into his stores. But the other implicit message in it makes him introspect: consumers are eager to buy mobiles and tablets, but not washing machines or refrigerators.
India's oldest organised retailer Kishore Biyani has a similar lament: the absence of a secular trend. "Consumer sentiment is very positive," says the CEO of Future Group. "But there is no consistency in buying yet. Onam did not result in a spike in sales in Kerala, but the beginning of Durga Puja led to a 20% spike in Kolkata."
On balance, as the festive season deepens, Biyani hopes the buoyancy in sales will increase and widen. Atul Ruia is already seeing it in his Phoenix Market City malls in Mumbai, a premium lifestyle shopping mall chain. Several of his malls are growing 30%-40% over the same month last year. "I am very optimistic about the next 12 months," says Ruia, the managing director, singling out super-premium and luxury brands.
It's not a narrative that Joshi shares. "So, while there is visible optimism about the new government, the concerns are what has changed for the common man?" he asks, rhetorically. What he is essentially saying is that things have not changed on the ground perceptibly for a critical mass of consumers. But they could. So suggests the various indices of ZyFin Research, a research and analytics firm, that measure consumer sentiment. In each of the months between April and July, its overall index of consumer sentiment rose solidly, before dipping marginally in August (See graphic).
A similar trend was seen in sub-indices that captured consumer plans to buy durables, houses and vehicles. The overall index is a forward-looking data point, which means an uptick today implies a rise in sales in the next six months. Debopam Chaudhuri, chief economist and VP — research at ZYFin, draws attention to the August dip. "Although very early, this dip could be an early signal that the euphoria prompted by the formation of the new government is starting to weaken, with consumers sensing no major shift in economic conditions on the streets," he says.
Today, some shifts are playing out. Financing, via both credit cards and loans, has increased. In order to counter inflation, the Indian consumer is shopping strategically, by seeking better deals at the point of sale and by timing bigger purchases. "The indicators are positive," says the CEO of a leading entertainment company, on the condition of anonymity.
"But the change is not full-blown." A wide change has to managed, feels Chaudhuri of ZyFin, and any failure of the government to do so can have telling results. "It is crucial for confidence to be restored through effective expectations management, especially by the government," he says. "While economic recovery is a long-drawn process, and results cannot be expected overnight, low consumer confidence can overturn all positive measures taken so far."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent comes off 27-mth low | Gold at 2-week ...Oil edges further above $91, supported by weaker dollar
By Reuters | 9 Oct, 2014, 02.27PM IST
0
Share More
Expectations that oil demand could increase towards the end of this month - even though US crude stocks increased more than expected last week - also helped to support prices.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Brent oil futures steadied above $91 a barrel on Thursday, supported by a slide in the dollar but a glut in supply and concerns about global growth kept it not far above a 27 month low hit in the previous day.
Brent for November delivery was up 26 cents at $91.64 by 0819 GMT. The front-month contract fell as low as $90.57 on Wednesday, the lowest since June 2012, before recovering to close at $91.38 - still down 73 cents.
US November crude climbed 39 cents to $87.70 after ending the previous session down $1.54. In the previous session, it hit its lowest level since April 2013 at $86.83.
Minutes of the US Fed's last policy meeting released on Wednesday showed signs that concerns about the impact of a strengthening dollar on the economy may delay any decision on interest rate changes.
A falling dollar makes dollar-denominated commodities such as oil less expensive to holders of other currencies.
However the underlying negative outlook for oil that has seen Brent fall by around 20 per cent from a peak in June remains entrenched, with ample supply and sluggish demand growth analysts said.
Crude inventories soared a more-than-expected 5 million barrels in the week to Oct. 3, data from the US Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration showed on Wednesday. A build of 1.5 million barrels had been forecast by analysts polled by Reuters.
"Yesterday's stocks data was not supportive and we've had heavy selling on the back of weak data," said Eugen Weinberg, chief commodity analyst at Commerzbank in Frankfurt.
He added that the extent of the sell off may meant that there could be a slight recovery.
"There could be a reversal coming due to the amount of shorts in the market, which are extremely high," he said. "This indicates that a lot of pessimism is priced in and there is not much risk to the down side."
GERMAN DATA DISAPPOINTS
Weak German economic data emphasised the cloudy economic outlook in the region.
German exports slumped by 5.8 per cent in August, their biggest fall since the height of the global financial crisis in January 2009, in yet another sign that Europe's largest economy is faltering amid broader euro zone weakness and crises abroad.
"Demand has been pretty slack and there's oversupply. Any negative economic data out of Europe or China has reinforced this orthodoxy so prices fall further," said Phin Ziebell an oil analyst at National Australia Bank.
Some analysts were encouraged by a draw of 1.58 million barrels in crude stocks at the Cushing, Oklahoma, delivery hub.
Investors also watched the Middle East where Islamic State fighters on Wednesday launched a renewed assault on Kobani, close to the Syrian-Turkish border, as US and coalition warplanes attacked IS targets in Syria.
Top diplomats from Iran, the European Union and the United States, including US Secretary of State John Kerry, will meet in Vienna next week, to try to make progress towards a long-elusive deal to end a dispute over Tehran's nuclear programme by a Nov. 24 deadline.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Fed minutes reveal global slowdown worriesDovish US Federal Reserve minutes reveal global slowdown worries
By AFP | 9 Oct, 2014, 06.51AM IST
Eye on the globe: Hans Goetti's views on global markets
Eye on the globe: Hans Goetti's views on global markets
Federal Reserve officials stressed "patience" in waiting to raise interest rates, worrying about weaker foreign economic growth and the stronger dollar.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: Federal Reserve officials stressed "patience" in waiting to raise interest rates, worrying about weaker foreign economic growth and the stronger dollar, minutes of their September policy meeting showed Wednesday.
Participants at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting discussed their concerns about the stronger dollar amid stuttering growth in the eurozone, slowdowns in China and Japan and elevated geopolitical risks.
The greenback in particular had firmed against the euro, the yen and the British pound.
"Some participants expressed concern that the persistent shortfall of economic growth and inflation in the euro area could lead to a further appreciation of the dollar and have adverse effects on the US external sector," the minutes said.
"Several" of them added "that slower economic growth in China or Japan or unanticipated events in the Middle East or Ukraine might pose a similar risk."
There was no mention of the overseas growth or dollar concerns in the FOMC's policy statement on September 17, in which the central bank left its zero interest rate unchanged since late 2008 and took another step toward winding up its massive asset-purchase program known as quantitative easing.
"The minutes appear less hawkish than anticipated, as there was concern about the health of the eurozone economy and the potential impact of an appreciating dollar on both US exports and inflation," said Ryan Sweet of Moody's Analytics.
The FOMC statement repeated the "considerable time" formula for an eventual rate hike after it winds up QE, expected after the October 28-29 meeting, although some officials wanted to drop the language.
According to the minutes, "The concern was raised that the reference to 'considerable time' in the current forward guidance could be misunderstood as a commitment rather than as data dependent."
However, participants noted that the current formulation of the FOMC's outlook "clearly indicated" that the committee's policy decisions were conditional on its ongoing assessment of progress and expected progress toward the central bank's dual mandate of maximum employment and 2.0 per cent inflation.
Some meeting participants saw the current forward guidance as appropriate in terms of risk-management considerations, "which suggested that it would be prudent to err on the side of patience while awaiting further evidence of sustained progress toward the Committee's goals."
In the view of those officials, under current conditions raising rates could have greater downside shocks to the economy, as it makes a modest recovery, than boost it, the minutes said, because "it would be less problematic to remove accommodation quickly, if doing so becomes necessary, than to add accommodation."
Fed Chair Janet Yellen , in a post-FOMC news conference, emphasized that a rate hike would be data-dependent, tamping down her earlier comment that it could come about "six months" after the Fed ends its asset-purchase program.
Markets reacted strongly to the Fed minutes that appeared to suggest a slower-than-anticipated approach to tightening credit. Wall Street stocks soared, with the blue-chip Dow Jones Industrial Average swinging up more than 200 points after scoring only an 80-point gain before they were released.
Barclays analyst Michael Gapen pointed out that the FOMC minutes, in addition to mentioning downside risks, revealed a mainly upbeat US economic outlook.
"We see nothing in the September minutes that leads us to alter our view that the committee will raise rates beginning in June of next year. This remains the case even though the risks to US growth from a weaker global growth outlook or a stronger dollar have risen since the September meeting."
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Hyderabad: 11-year-old dies of burn injuries  blames armymenPress Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:15 pm
An 11-year-old boy died of burn injuries on Thursday after he was apparently set on fire in a high security military area at Mehdipatnam, Hyderabad.
The boy, identified as Sheikh Mustafa, a resident of Siddiqui Nagar, was admitted to a private here hospital on Wednesday and died of the burns at 8.15 AM, Deputy Commissioner of Police (west zone) V Satyanarayana said.
While the boy’s parents alleged that some army personnel were involved in the matter, the Army denied the allegations, saying its investigation found “that no Army personnel  is involved in this incident”.
A case of attempt to murder was registered in connection with the incident against unknown persons on Wednesday. Now that the boy has died, the sections have been altered to murder — section 302 of IPC, the DCP said.
The boy was found burnt after being doused with kerosene in the military area. He suffered 90 per cent burns in the incident, police had earlier said.
When asked if police suspected any foul play, the DCP said the boy’s family members were alleging that military personnel set him afire.
“Investigation is going on. Three teams have been formed including forensic, dog squad, besides the central crime station — a wing of Hyderabad city police — are working on it.
“Since the boy, after he suffered burn injuries, apparently kept on telling that two military personnel set him on fire, the family members are accusing the army men of being involved,” he said.
Tension prevailed in Mehdipatnam on Wednesday after the incident but the situation is now peaceful, he said.
The Army had said none of its personnel was involved in the incident.
“On investigation, it is found that no Army personnel is involved in this incident. The Army condemns this act. All necessary assistance is being provided to the police authorities to carry out a detailed investigation to arrive at the truth,” a statement by the Army said.

GVK wins environmental permit for Aus coal mineGVK wins environmental permit for huge Australian coal mine
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 11.44AM IST
Tags:
Adani Enterprises
(The GVK Hancock joint…)
MELBOURNE: Hyderabad-based GVK Group today said it has won environmental permit for its Alpha coal project in Australia to help it get closer to starting work on a long-delayed USD 10 billion mine, rail and port project.
GVK Hancock, a 79:21 joint venture between GVK and Australian billionaire Gina Rinehart's Hancock Prospecting, now needs to get coal rail operator Aurizon Holdings onboard and sign coal sales agreement to being work on the project.
"After over six years of comprehensive environmental assessments and detailed planning, GVK Hancock has been granted an Environmental Authority (Clearance) for its Alpha Coal Project in the Galilee Basin in Central Queensland," the company said in a statement.
GVK''s Alpha Coal Mine is located in the Galilee Basin with the first coal lot expected to be extracted by 2016. When fully commissioned, the mine will produce 32 million tonnes of thermal a year of low ash, low sulphur coal for export to the Asian market.
The Land Court of Queensland in Australia had earlier granted conditional clearance to Alpha Coal Mine project.
"This is one of the most significant milestones in the development of our Galilee Basin coal projects till date which will create one of the most remarkable pieces of regional and economic developments Queensland has seen for decades," GVK Reddy founder Chairman and Managing Director of GVK said.
The company said that it further plans to meet every environmental condition that has been set by regulatory authorities.
"This milestone takes us another step closer towards commencing our proposed Alpha mine, which will create around 4,000 jobs during its three year construction and more than 1,800 jobs over its 30 plus years of operation.
"We've invested tens of millions of dollars and thousands of man hours assessing, planning and engaging with communities to reach this stage," GVK Vice Chairman G V Sanjay Reddy said in the statement.
Stating it as a significant development, the company said that it takes GVK another step closer towards bringing on line a new low cost, low ash, low sulphur, high quality thermal coal basin, offering the ability to lower emissions from coal fired power generation.
The volume and magnitude of GVK's Alpha coal project's large, shallow and very flat coal seams would enable large scale mining techniques, thus ensuring that the proposed mine remains cost competitive even in current tough market conditions, it said.
The combination of large scale mining techniques, favourable geology and other techniques deliver a free-on- board price that would ensure GVK Hancock's Alpha mine remains relatively immune to cyclical coal prices, it added.
Once the infrastructure joint venture with Australian Rail freight major Aurizon is finalised and the regulatory bodies have addressed litigious challenges to approvals, the company said it will execute coal off-take agreements before finalising all financing arrangements.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ramadoss: Why is Karunanidhi silent on JayaverdictPrint
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:42 pm
Almost 10 days after the conviction of former Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa and the denial of her bail petition on Tuesday, Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK) leader S Ramadoss, an ally of BJP, has shot an obvious question to the DMK chief M Karunanidhi. He did not spare left parties, BJP and Congress too for their cold responses to the Jaya verdict and acts of violence by AIADMK cadres.
Addressing the media in the city on Wednesday morning, Ramadoss said it is high time for DMK chief M Karunanidhi to break his silence over former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa’s conviction in the disproportionate assets case. Even public is asking why DMK is silent. “Everyone expects their version too,” Ramadoss said.
Ramadoss did not stop with DMK. Stating that Jayalalithaa’s political career had come to an end with this conviction, he asked why left parties, BJP and the Congress are also silent in this matter. To prevent Jayalalithaa from running the proxy government, he suggested that the Representation of People’s Act needs to be amended to ensure a convicted politician also loses membership from the political party and is deprived of the right to vote and campaign in elections.
While taking a stand against the ideas of imposing President’s rule to control the deteriorating law and order situation in the state, Ramadoss attacked the new Chief Minister O Panneerselvam for the complete paralysis of the police force across the state. He demanded the centre to invoke Article 355, one of the three important emergency provisions — and a less drastic one — which is to protect every state against external aggression and internal disturbances and to ensure that the governance of every state is carried on in accordance with the provisions of the constitution.
Reacting to Ramadoss’s question, DMK spokeperson T K S Elangovan said it was DMK that fought the case against Jayalalithaa. “It was our party that approached the Supreme Court to shift the asset case out of Tamil Nadu in 2003. We have been following this case ever since the beginning. But what is there to comment on the verdict?,” he told The Indian Express.
However, party soucres said Karunanidhi and his party are keeping a studied silence on the verdict and its political impacts because of a similar threat that is awaiting his family in the next few weeks. “Any negative remarks against Jayalalithaa might backfire our party. Moreover, the additional sessions judge O P Saini of the special court trying the 2G spectrum allocation case has already reserved the order on a money laundering case, an offshoot of 2G, in which DMK leader and former telecom minister A Raja, Kanimozhi, DMK Rajya Sabha member and daughter of Karunanidhi,” said a senior party leader.
On Wednesday, a meeting of DMK district secretaries had passed a resolution urging the center to intervene in the law and order situation immediately. “There are atrocities and bad law and order situation in Tamil Nadu following Jayalalithaa’s arrest,” the resolution said.
Complaining that the police force is being continued…

Rio Tinto defends record iron ore outputAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Expect Indian Rupee to trade on mixed note: AngelLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect Indian Rupee to trade on mixed note: Angel
The Indian Rupee is expected to trade on a mixed note on the back of inflow of foreign funds in equities and debt markets will support an upside in the currency, says Angel Broking.
Post your opinion here
 
Angel Broking's report on rupee
The Indian Rupee traded on a flat note and appreciated marginally around 0.1 percent in yesterday’s trading session. The currency appreciated on the back of inflow of foreign funds in equities and debt markets. Foreign funds bought around $13.95 billion in equities and $20 billion in debt in 2014.
Further, IMF revising the India’s growth projection to 5.6 percent in 2014 from earlier estimates of 5.4 percent supported an upside in the currency. However, sharp upside in the currency was capped due to dollar demand from oil and other importers coupled with weak domestic market sentiments. The currency touched an intra-day high of 61.30 and closed at 61.35 on Wednesday.
For the month of September 2014, FII inflows in equities totaled at Rs.388.38 crores ($62.8 million) as on 8th October 2014. Year to date basis, net capital inflows stood at Rs.83826.04 crores ($13944 million) as on 8th October 2014.
Outlook
From the intra-day perspective, we expect Indian Rupee to trade on a mixed note on the back of inflow of foreign funds in equities and debt markets will support an upside in the currency. Further, upbeat market sentiments coupled with weakness in the DX will act as a positive factor. While on the other hand, dollar demand from oil and other importers might cap sharp upside or reversal in the Indian Rupee.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

USDINR October has resistance at 61.45-61.50: EmkayLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
USDINR October has resistance at 61.45-61.50: Emkay
Emkay has come out with its trading strategies on currencies. According to the research firm, October USDINR prices are expected to have resistance at 61.45-61.50 and selling can be seen there. Prices on lower side can fall towards 61.20-61.25 and again bounce can be seen there, says the report.
Post your opinion here
Emkay: Currencies technical outlook for the day
USDINR
October USDINR prices are expected to have resistance at 61.45-61.50 and selling can be seen there. Prices on lower side can fall towards 61.20-61.25 and again bounce can be seen there. Prices should not move above 61.60 to maintain the negative outlook for the day.
EURINR
EURINR October prices are expected to have intraday support at 78.20-78.30 level and buying can be seen there. Prices on higher side can extend the gains towards 78.75-78.90 levels. Prices should not fall below 77.90 to maintain the positive outlook for the day.
JPYINR
JPYINR October prices are expected to have resistance at 57.00 and selling can be seen there. On lower side prices have support at 56.70 and 56.50. Prices should not move above 57.20 to maintain the negative outlook for the day.
GBPINR
GBPINR October prices are expected to have intraday support at 99.50-99.60 level and buying can be seen there. Prices on higher side can extend the gains towards 100.20-100.30 levels. Prices should not fall below 99.20 to maintain the positive outlook for the day.
EURUSD
EURUSD prices are expected to have intraday support at 1.2700 and buying can be seen there. Prices on higher side can test 1.2770. Prices should not fall below 1.2660 to maintain the positive outlook for the day.
GBPUSD
GBPUSD Prices are expected to have intraday support at 1.6125 and buying can be seen there. Prices on higher side can test 1.6210. Prices should not fall below 1.6080 to maintain the positive outlook for the day.
USDJPY
USDJPY prices are expected to have intraday resistance at 108.3-108.4 and prices can remain weak and can test 107.7 on lower side. Prices should not move above 108.8 to maintain the negative outlook for the day.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Sell USDINR below 61.58; target of 61.40: Way2WealthHome » News » Brokerage Recos - Currencies
Oct 09, 2014, 01.11 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sell USDINR below 61.58; target of 61.40: Way2Wealth
Way2Wealth has come out with its report on currencies. According to the research firm, one can sell USDINR below 61.58 for target of 61.40 with a stop loss of 61.70.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sell USDINR below 61.58; target of 61.40: Way2Wealth
Way2Wealth has come out with its report on currencies. According to the research firm, one can sell USDINR below 61.58 for target of 61.40 with a stop loss of 61.70.
Post your opinion here
Way2Wealth's report on currencies
USDINR (61.67)
Yesterday’s session remained extremely quite since the pair USDINR traded in a narrow band of 0.20 pts. Even the domestic equity markets were clueless throughout the day. As stated in our previous report the gap area of 61.75 – 62.05 levels acted as a resistance zone for the pair. On the upside, once again the said levels are likely to play their role whereas breach of 61.58 level might drag the pair towards 61.40 mark.
GBPINR (99.10)
Tuesday’s fall was followed by consolidation yesterday as GBPINR remained flat and closed with marginal changes below 100 mark. Going forward, in case of a move above 99.30 we might witness some pullback towards 100 mark. However, a breach of 99 level can trigger further pessimism which can drag the pair to retest the expected targets of 98 - 97.
EURINR (78.06)
The pair traded with positive bias during the session to end with descent gains of 0.4% above 78 mark. This was an impact of the breakout from the falling wedge pattern which we discussed in our previous report. For the coming session, Tuesday’s low of 77.70 will now act as an immediate support for the pair. On the upside, ongoing momentum can pull EURINR towards 78.20 and 78.40 levels.
Currency

Facebook buys WhatsApp for USD 22 billionFacebook closes WhatsApp acquisition at new price tag of USD 22 billion
Alexei Oreskovic     San Francisco   Last Updated: October 7, 2014  | 10:53 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Facebook closed its acquisition of mobile messaging service WhatsApp on Monday, with the final price tag rising an additional $3 billion to roughly $22 billion because of the increased value of the social networking website's stock in recent months.
WhatsApp founder Jan Koum will receive nearly $2 billion in stock, vesting over a four-year period, as an inducement for him to stay with the company, according to a regulatory filing on Monday.
Koum, who will serve as WhatsApp Chief Executive and become a Facebook director, will earn a $1 annual salary, similar to Facebook Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg. Koum will receive 24.9 million Facebook restricted stock units, worth roughly $1.9 billion at Monday's share price.
Facebook paid $4.59 billion in cash and 178 million shares of its stock for WhatsApp, as well 46 million of grants in restricted stock units for WhatsApp employees that will vest over a four year period. At Monday's opening Facebook share price of $77.17 in the US market, the deal translates to roughly $21.8 billion.
The acquisition, which Facebook announced in February and recently received regulatory approval in Europe, underscores the sky-rocketing values of fast-growing Internet startups, and the willingness of established players such as Facebook and Google to pay out for them.
WhatsApp, which has more than 600 million monthly users, is among a new crop of mobile messaging and social media apps that have become increasingly popular among younger users. Snapchat, a privately owned mobile app that allows users to swap photos that can disappear after a few seconds, is raising money at a $10 billion valuation, according to media reports.
WhatsApp, which has more than 70 employees, will continue to be based at its Mountain View, California, location.
(Reuters)

Safaricom  Airtel Joint Bid for Essar Kenya Assets Seen Finalising SoonYou are here: Home Corporates
Safaricom, Airtel Joint Bid for Essar Kenya Assets Seen Finalising Soon
Reuters | Updated On: October 08, 2014 17:14 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Nairobi: Kenya's regulator on Wednesday said it has given preliminary approval to a joint bid by Safaricom and Airtel for the mobile assets of Essar Kenya and the final nod could be given next month.
The two firms lodged a joint bid valued at $100 million to buy the assets of Essar Kenya, which operates under the 'Yu' brand in the east African nation, in February this year.
"The whole project is at an advanced stage," Francis Wangusi, the director general of the regulator, the Communications Authority of Kenya (CAK), told a news conference.
He said CAK and the competition authority approved the deal but needed to wait until the end of the month for other parties to raise any objections, in line with legal requirements, to give their final agreement.
That could happen next month, he said.
Safaricom, which has a 68 per cent share of Kenya's 31 million mobile phone users, will get Yu's network infrastructure and spectrum. Airtel will take Yu's 2.6 million subscribers.
Safaricom plans to use the additional spectrum to iron out quality issues on its network like the frequency of dropped calls, while Airtel needs the extra users to boost its base that now stands at 5 million, well behind Safaricom's 21 million.
Telkom Kenya, which is majority-owned by Orange, is the fourth operator in the market with 7.7 per cent of users.
Essar, which started operating in Kenya in 2008, is exiting the Kenyan market after failing to recoup its investment in the competitive mobile market.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Cyclone Hudhud intensifies; Odisha  Andhra brace for impactHudhud intensifies; Odisha, Andhra brace for impact
Priya Ranjan Sahu , Hindustan Times  Bhubaneswar/New Delhi, October 08, 2014
First Published: 10:48 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 17:23 IST(9/10/2014)
A strong cyclone heading towards India’s southeastern coast gathered strength on Wednesday, uprooting trees, triggering landslides and snapping power and phone links as it crossed the Andaman and Nicobar islands, officials said.
 
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) predicts Cyclone Hudhud -- named after a colourful bird – is likely to pack speeds of up to 140 km per hour when it makes landfall between Vishakhapatnam and Gopalpur on Sunday.
Odisha Disaster Rapid action force (ODRAF) personnel checking up their equipment in preparation ahead of cyclone HudHud in Bhubaneswar.(PTI photo)
An image from INSAT-3D of Indian Meteorological Department shows the actual position of cyclone Hudhud on October 9, 2014th at 08:30am.
"It is now crossing the Andaman and Nicobar Islands," the IMD said in a bulletin. "Thereafter, the system would continue to move west-northwestwards, intensify further into a severe cyclonic storm during the next 24 hours and subsequently into a very severe cyclonic storm during subsequent 36 hours."
Read: After Phailin, Cyclone Hudhud to hit Ganjam district
In the Andaman and Nicobar islands, authorities shut schools, cancelled ferry services and warned off fishermen. The islands' key Andaman Trunk Road was shut after dozens of trees were uprooted. Government officials said heavy rain set off landslides and snapped some power and communication lines.
Officials said they were working to clear the fallen trees, reconnect disrupted utilities and had deployed national disaster response forces. "I feel the entire situation will be fully under control," Tanvy Garg, the district commissioner of South Andaman, told reporters.
Authorities in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh are on alert with the cyclone bearing down on the coast exactly a year after cyclone Phailin battered Odisha. The state’s effective preparations, such as the evacuation of close to one million people to cyclone shelters, saved countless lives last year.
Aid workers say the state’s disaster preparedness was thanks in large part to the lessons learnt after a powerful cyclone in 1999 that killed 10,000 people.
Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik with officials from different departments during the cyclone preparedness review meeting at Secretariate in Bhubaneswar on Oct 8, 2014. (PTI Photo)
Met department officials said Cyclone Hudhud would be less intense than Cyclone Phailin, but disaster management preparations were in full swing in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh.
 
“The wind speed of Phailin was 210-220 km an hour. On the contrary, Hudhud is expected to have wind speeds of 130-140 km an hour. So this would be less intense, but we still monitoring and keeping a close watch,” said Dr M Mohapatra, head of the cyclone warning system at the IMD.
Read:  Odisha sets 'zero casualty' target as Hudhud approaches coast
 
Met department officials said fishermen had been warned not to go to sea as Odisha might experience heavy rainfall on October 12 and October 13 due to the effect of Cyclone Hudhud.
 
“All preparations have been made to meet the situation. All concerned departments have been asked to make their contingency plans,” said chief minister Naveen Patnaik.
 
Panicked coastal villagers on Wednesday scrambled to buy items of food and fuel, from rice and potatoes to petrol. Potatoes disappeared from markets and prices of onions, vegetables and other essential items rose by about 50%.
(With agency inputs)

Switzerland gears up for automatic exchange of tax informationSwitzerland gears up for automatic exchange of tax information
Press Trust of India
Tweet
Berne/New Delhi, October 8:  
Under global pressure, Switzerland on Wednesday began a process to put in place a framework for automatic exchange of information on tax matters with the US, the EU and other “select countries”.
In the initial phase, these countries will include those with which Switzerland has “close economic and political ties”, but it is not yet clear whether these nations include India.
For determining these “select” countries in the initial phase, the Swiss Government will also take into account whether such jurisdictions provide their taxpayers (having accounts in Swiss banks) with “sufficient scope for regularisation”.
Switzerland has been perceived for long as a safe haven for alleged illicit funds and has been facing global pressure to share account and client details of its banks.
Global standard
Taking forward a process to implement a new global standard prepared by the Paris-based OECD and approved by the G-20 last month, the Swiss Government’s highest decision-making body, on Wednesday adopted “definitive negotiation mandates for introducing the new global standard for automatic exchange of information in tax matters with partner states”.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

German energy market branded disasterGerman energy market a disaster, says EDF chief
By Pilita Clark in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9cbf4d8c-4f0d-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Big Billion Day sale cost Flipkart big; govt takes noticeBig Billion Day sale cost Flipkart big; govt takes notice
Nivedita Mookerji | New Delhi Oct 09, 2014 12:58 AM IST
The blockbuster Big Billion Day sale on Flipkart that gave it $100 million in revenue in only 10 hours has clearly backfired on the poster boy of Indian e-commerce. Flipkart is now facing government scrutiny, following complaints from traders over undercutting prices and adversely affecting competition. A probe by the Competition Commission of India (CCI) is not ruled out.
This comes soon after Flipkart failed to please millions of Indians on the much-advertised 'Big Billion Day', though co-founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal were quick to send an apology to buyers, who were angry over technical glitches and price anomalies.
But the apology of the Bansals (not related to each other) might not be enough, as Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has indicated the government is watching. "We have received many inputs. Lots of concerns have been expressed. We will look into it," Sitharaman told the media. She added the government would soon make it clear, after studying the matter, whether a separate policy or clarification was required for e-commerce.
Indeed, an e-commerce policy has been in the making for long, even as the sector, pegged at around Rs 18,000 crore, has been growing at a rapid pace and is expected to touch Rs 50,000 crore by 2016. The only clarity that has been provided by the government on the sector is that foreign direct investment is not permitted. However, e-commerce players have taken advantage of the regulatory silence on marketplace (a format of hosting retailers on a technology platform) to attract foreign investment. Even international e-commerce leaders like Amazon and eBay have used the marketplace route to enter India.
Asked to respond to Sitharaman's observation and traders' concerns, a Flipkart spokesperson said: "We are an e-marketplace, where sellers decide the price, and only they can change the prices in the system. They sell directly to buyers without stepping out of their workplace."
Though it is Flipkart and its 'Big Billion Day' that seem to be under the lens, other e-commerce players like Amazon, Snapdeal and Myntra (now acquired by Flipkart), too, are on a discount spree, at times offering products at prices that even dealers cannot afford.
The scrutiny on Flipkart, and perhaps some other e-commerce players, has been triggered by traders who are prominent in brick-and-mortar retailing.
Future Group Chief Executive Kishore Biyani has attacked e-commerce players for selling products below manufacturing prices. The undercutting of prices was meant to destroy competition, Biyani said.
Others, including the Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT) and the newly formed Online Vendors Association of India (OVAI), want a regulator to look into the matter of price undercutting by e-commerce players in the festive season. Traders are a large supporter base for the ruling National Democratic Alliance government.
OVAI Convenor Rahul Suri told Business Standard: "They (e-commerce players) should not use their funding for undercutting prices." They should focus on offering convenience to buyers and not killing competition, he added.
Even as there are suggestions that CCI should take up the matter as it deals with undercutting and predatory pricing, there is no decision yet on that. CCI Chairman Ashok Chawla said the commission would take up the matter if and when there was a complaint linked to predatory pricing.
The objective of CCI is to promote competition and it gets into the picture only when there is a complaint on predatory pricing. But it is learnt that in the past, CCI could not proceed in a similar case related to e-commerce company, Snapdeal, as it was not a seller itself but was only providing a platform where the seller and the buyer could meet.
Flipkart, which was conventionally an inventory-based company, has now shifted to marketplace, the same model as Snapdeal.
TROUBLES AHEAD
Flipkart faces Enforcement Directorate probe over alleged violation of the Foreign Exchange Management Act
 
Karnataka govt wants value-added tax on third-party goods that are stored in e-commerce companies' warehouses
 

Google s Schmidt fears spying could  break  InternetGoogle's Schmidt fears spying could 'break' internet
AFP
San Francisco, October 09, 2014
First Published: 09:33 IST(9/10/2014)
print
Google's Eric Schmidt said on Wednesday US online spying is a threat so dire it could wind up "breaking the internet."
Schmidt's concern was echoed by Facebook, Microsoft, Dropbox and others involved in a panel discussion in Silicon Valley led by Senate finance committee chairman Ron Wyden.
The discussion was about economic and regulatory backlash caused by a US spying scandal that has undermined trust in US internet firms ability or willingness to keep people's online communications private.
"The impact is severe, and it is getting worse," Google's executive chairman and former chief executive said.
"The simplest outcome is that we are going to end up breaking the Internet."
Panelists say government-erected barriers to the free flow of data online would essentially break the Internet ecosystem that powers economies and lets people share and collaborate across the globe.
Threats are already emerging as countries propose trade barriers disguised as regulations calling for Internet companies to host data or services locally, instead of on servers in the United States, panelists said.
Pressure for such "data localisation" includes keeping digital information in the hands of local companies and not US internet firms.
Such laws would defy online efficiencies on which US technology firms rely.
"The notion of having to place data centers and the data itself within regions is fundamentally at odds with the way the internet is architected," said Facebook general counsel Colin Stretch.
Compelling US technology firms to have facilities in countries where they have users would hinder the creation of start-ups for which Silicon Valley is famous for.
"Imagine if Larry (Page) and Sergey (Brin) were sitting around the garage and the Number Two thing on the to-do list was to build a data center in Germany," said Dropbox general counsel Ramsey Homsany, referring to the Google founders early days building the search engine in a rented garage.
Technology start-ups that cannot afford international expansion would find it harder to win investors, according to John Lilly, a partner at Silicon Valley venture capital firm Greylock Partners.
   
Ramping up encryption
Panel members called for US legislators to rein in online snooping and win back trust from the international community.
In the meantime, they backed taking matters into their own hands by improving security and encryption at their services and networks.
"In the absence of better law, we are all being compelled to invest in better technology," said Microsoft general counsel Brad Smith.
"If people in government are concerned about encryption, they need to invest in better laws."
Leaks last year by former National Security Agency analyst Edward Snowden sparked a massive row over internet and phone data sweeps conducted by the spy agency and US allies.
"The one asset the US has stronger than our military might is our moral authority," Smith said during the panel discussion of damage caused by the spying scandal.
"This decline in trust has not only affected trust in technology products but in the leadership of the United States."

Murdered Jalaun sisters found in Ghaziabad: PolicePrint
Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:51 am
Four days after the mother of two missing teenage girls from Orai in Jalaun district of Uttar Pradesh identified two decomposed bodies recovered from a nullah as those of her daughters, police on Wednesday said the girls were alive and found with two persons — who have been accused of kidnapping and murdering them — in Ghaziabad.
The two girls, aged 16 and 14, had gone missing from their house on the night of September 22. Their father had lodged a complaint with the police, alleging that the girls had been kidnapped by Gaurav Chaturvedi, Atul Gupta, Raja, and Gaurav’s father Jai Hind Chaturvedi, all residents of Kuthaund village, about 50 km from Orai.
Jai Hind is a junior engineer with the rural engineering services department of UP government. Police arrested Raja on Monday while other accused were absconding.
Ashutosh Pandey, IG, Kanpur Zone, said the police have traced the two girls and two of the accused persons — Gaurav and Atul — in Ghaziabad. He said the girls were brought to Kanpur on Wednesday and they have been identified by their parents.
“One of the two bodies which were recovered from nullah was of about 22 years. None of the two bodies had any injury marks. So, we examined the call records of the girls and boys and finally traced their location in Ghaziabad,” Pandey told The Indian Express.
He said the accused have been taken into custody and were being interrogated. He said the DNA samples of the two bodies which were recovered have been taken for their identification. Gaurav is also accused of raping the elder sister after abducting her on August 29. The girl had accused him of rape in her statement before the magistrate on September 15 after she was recovered on August 31.
A case against Gaurav for rape is lodged at Orai Kotwali.
After the girl’s mother identified the two female bodies found in a gunny bag lying in a nullah near Atrakala village in Churkhi police station area of Jalaun, as her missing daughters, the locals held a protest outside Orai kotwali.
The protest turned violent and several people, including family members of the girls, were injured. The mother of the girls had said that she had identified the bodies with the clothes they were wearing.
Government then transferred then SP of Jalaun, Rakesh Shankar, who was later suspended on Tuesday. Orai kotwali station house officer and three sub-inspectors were also suspended for alleged laxity in handling the cases.
The two girls, aged 16 and 14, had gone missing from their house on the night of September 22

Clarity on urea policy will attract more investment: NFLEIL, FCI and NFL to jointly execute revival of Ramagundam plant for Rs 4,700 crore
Neeru Abrol
Director – Finance
National Fertilizers Ltd
The government on Wednesday notified New Urea Investment Policy , under which the companies will get a subsidy only if the production starts in the next five years.
Discussing the impact of the development, Neeru Abrol, CMD of National Fertilisers , said the earlier policy lacked clarification on the guaranteed buyback scheme thus it did not see investments. However, the new policy clarifies on that aspect. “Thus, this will make way for the people who want to come and invest in the urea sector,” she said.
On the possible divestment of NFL, Abrol said there has been no news from the government with reference to disinvestment during the fiscal. The government currently holds 89.71 percent in NFL.
The company has been mandated along with Engineers India Ltd  and Fertiliser Corporation to revive Ramagundam, which will be 1.27 million tonne urea plant and to cost about Rs 4, 700 crore.
“Post clarity on the investment policy, we will be doing the due diligence of the plant and look out for the viabilities,” she added.
Below is the transcript of Neeru Abrol’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal
Anuj: Have you gone through the new urea policy and would it have any kind of impact on companies like National Fertilisers (NFL)?
A: Actually this policy initially had come in January 2013. There was an issue about guaranteed buyback that was envisaged in that earlier policy which was under reconsideration. So in the new investment policy (NIP) 2012 people didn’t come in for investment just because that clarification was not there. Now that clarification has come that guaranteed buyback will not be there but in any case the government will continue to take the urea produced by the companies, on sale they will get the subsidy so that clarity has come. So now this will make way for the people who want to come in and investment into urea sector, they should be coming in.
Ekta: We do understand that the divestment of NFL has been pushed to possibly the next fiscal to consider. Can you just give us more details in terms of whether you have heard from the government, how much the government would possibly be looking to divest and what would be a timeline?
A: Frankly no news is there on that account because at present the government stake is about 89.71 percent. So if it has to come down to 75 percent for the government, then it could be progressively divestment should be there. But we have not got any news from the government that NFL will be going for disinvestment during the current year. 
Ekta: Do you have any fresh capex which is lined up by the company which could possibly take advantage of the new urea investment policy? 
A: We have been mandated along with Engineers India Limited and Fertiliser Corporation to revive Ramagundam and that is going to be about 1.27 million tonne urea plant and its cost is about Rs 4700 crore. So the clarity on the investment policy we were waiting for it so now with this clarification coming in we will be doing the due diligence and going ahead and seeing what type of viabilities are there and then we will be formally announcing it.
Ekta: Can you throw some light in terms of the revival of the particular plant which is around Rs 4700 crore, how much would NFL be participating in terms of equity or funding within the revival of the plant which will cost Rs 4700 crore and how will the new urea investment policy help you all?
A: In the sense that this is expected to cost about Rs 4700 crore and being in revival so the land and other facilities are already there. So this should be about 2:1 debt equity ratio we will be doing in. So equity is going to be about Rs 1500 crore, in that EIL and NFL 26 percent each we are going to invest and FCIL is going to have about 11 percent. 
So the remaining we will be looking forward to tying up for the 37 percent, there could be other investors in it. And now in any case the policy says that we have to complete it in five years so once the policy is announced now we will be going ahead. Somewhere from April 2015 onwards everything should be lined up because the environment assessment is already going on, the study is already going on for that, we should be getting back. The lining up of the contracts also we will be going ahead with the processor licenses. So those discussions are already going on. 
Ekta: What would be the feedstock required for the plant?
A: That will be natural gas only and that should be coming because this is in the new Telangana. In any case we will have to go for RLNG only that we should be getting it, the spot gas but discussions are going on for pooling of gas so we expect that the pooling of gas takes place so then the viability will still further improve. Otherwise the payback period we are finding it is about five years because the government continues to give subsidy whatever the gas prices because the policy talks about USD 6.5 and as it goes up then we will get 0.1 mmscmd/dollar if the dollar goes up. So about USD 2 implication will be there in the floor price. So that we will be getting it so that way the policy talks about all the three, whether it is revival, whether it is brown field or even if you have to revamp certain existing units so the policy is talking of all the three aspect that how should we go about it. It is giving the floor and ceiling within that it should be working and if the gas price goes beyond that certain limit USD 6.5 per mmscmd then the floor will go up accordingly.
NFL stock price
On November 24, 2014, National Fertilizers closed at Rs 36.95, down Rs 0.1, or 0.27 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 48.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 21.80.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 1.90 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.45. The latest book value of the company is Rs 30.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.21.
RELATED NEWS

Flipkart probe scare may not deter online Diwali sale festsOct 09, 2014, 11.42 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Flipkart probe scare may not deter online Diwali sale fests
Funded by easy equity money, ecommerce websites can continue to undercut prices, much to the chagrin of traditional retailers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Flipkart probe scare may not deter online Diwali sale fests
Funded by easy equity money, ecommerce websites can continue to undercut prices, much to the chagrin of traditional retailers.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
As the Indian ecommerce juggernaut rolls on, an eerie pall of gloom is said to be descending on many of the country's offline retail stores, ahead of the Diwali festive season, which usually is the best period for sales.
The script is now becoming familiar: a number of media reports, most recently in the Times of India today , are chronicling cases of customers walking in into a consumer-goods store, checking out a product and walking out after finding a cheaper price online while looking it up on their smartphones.
While only being a fraction of the USD 500-billion traditional retail industry, ecommerce has grown fivefold (from about USD 2.5 billion in 2009 to USD 13 billion in 2013) in four years.
This growth has largely been driven by the pricing strategy followed by websites. Compared to physical stores, online websites do not have costs related to real estate, sales staff and, in case of the marketplace model followed by most e-tailers in India, inventory.
As a result, they can afford to offer distinctly lower prices, which could be a significant saving for consumers on purchase of white goods and electronic items.
But of late, it is becoming increasingly clear that the widening price gap between the two sales medium for the same products is not merely a case of lower overhead costs for e-tailers.
The truth is: e-tailers do not want to make profits right now, and so many are selling below costs in the case of several products.
Several reports have pointed to the fact that in many of the recent flash sales, such as Flipkart's controversial Big Billion Day sale on Monday -- which brought the issue of the website's pricing strategy under scrutiny – e-tailers are willing to absorb losses arising from selling goods at steep discounts to buyers.
Such a practice, also termed predatory pricing (where the intention is to hurt the competition), can likely be judged anti-competitive, and so illegal. Commerce minister Nirmala Sitharaman yesterday conceded that the government had received complaints from traders about Flipkart's flash sale and would look into whether action is required.
But till as long as the government makes up its mind whether action needs to be taken, there is a larger game at play here.
Charmed by the stupendous revenue growth of ecommerce companies, investors have been pouring billions of dollars into these companies, even as most of them haven't reportedly turned out profits for years and are unlikely to in the foreseeable future.
This in turn also puts pressure on the ecommerce firm to justify the huge valuations by expanding its customer base, even if it means burning money to do that
A Citi report points out that out of the USD 6 billion invested in the ecommerce industry in the past three years, half has come in the past three months alone.
This capital rush is about entirely equity-driven, meaning companies have to only part with stakes in their firms to get access to money, instead of taking on debt and assuming interest costs.
"Key requirements for funding include acquiring customers either through discounts or marketing campaigns, warehousing and building a logistics network, scaling up the business (read headcount) as the business expands, acquisitions," says the Citi report, adding "the current focus of the companies is to gain market share, which is leading to increased marketing activity (including promotions)."
The reason the 'boring' offline firms, growing at the traditional growth rates cannot undercut their online peers or sell below cost is: minus the equity rush, the only way to do it will be via debt, which will be suicidal. Also, many are mature businesses, focused on making profits – especially in cases of listed companies such as Future Retail or Shoppers' Stop.
As Kishore Biyani, chief of Future Group, which runs the Big Bazaar chain, put it in an interview with CNBC-TV18 : “If you get thousands of dollars every year, you can keep on doing losses,” he said, referring to the series of under-cutting discounts sales launched by online firms recently.
Biyani pointed to the legal aspect of such practices, saying such firms should not be allowed to sell below cost. But till as long as the capital rush, or legal clarity comes in, this will likely continue.
RELATED NEWS

CBI moves Delhi HC seeking cancellation of OP Chautala s bail in teachers recruitment scamOct 09, 2014 at  11:58am IST
CBI moves Delhi HC seeking cancellation of OP Chautala's bail in teachers recruitment scam
3
0
New Delhi: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has approached the Delhi High Court seeking the cancellation of bail that has been granted to Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) leader and former Haryana chief minister OP Chautala in the teachers recruitment scam case.
The CBI has said that Chautala's bail must be cancelled as he is misusing it. CBI wants the surrender date of Chautala to be rescheduled from October 17 to an earlier date for alleged violation of bail conditions.
Chautala who is out on bail on medical grounds, is brazenly campaigning for the INLD ahead of the assembly elections in Haryana. Chautala has also claimed that he will take oath as Chief Minister from inside the jail.
CBI wants the surrender date of Chautala to be rescheduled from October 17 to an earlier date for alleged violation of bail conditions.
Though he has been facing charges of corruption, the INLD is still hardselling Chautala as the next Chief Minister of Haryana. Ironically a song put out by the INLD highlights alleged corruption in land deals during the current Congress regime.
3

Indian public cloud services market to reach $638 m in 2014: GartnerIndian public cloud services market to reach $638 m in 2014: Gartner
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
India’s public cloud services revenue will reach $638 million by the end of 2014, a 34 per cent increase over 2013 revenue, according to a study by research and analysis firm Gartner.
Public cloud services revenue is driven by high rates of growth in key market segments, namely cloud infrastructure as a service (IaaS) and software as a service (SaaS), two of the largest segments in the public cloud services market.
Spending on SaaS will total $249 million in 2014, a 37 per cent rise over last year. Spending on IaaS will grow 33 per cent to $77 million during the same period, Gartner said in a statement.
Gartner predicts continuing high rates of spending on cloud services in India through 2018 when the market is expected to reach almost $2 billion.
“The expanding use of information technology in India, coupled with aggressive adoption of cloud services, makes India a rich market for cloud services growth.
Organisations in India see cloud services as a means to develop new applications and support a more effective use of IT budgets,” said Ed Anderson, research vice president at Gartner.
According to Gartner’s latest cloud adoption survey, organisations in India demonstrate a preference for public cloud services beyond most other countries.
About 53 per cent of organisations in India indicate they are using cloud services today, with another 43 per cent indicating plans to begin using cloud services in the next 12 months.
rajesh.kurup@thehindu.co.in
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Suzlon to build 2000 MW wind energy projects in MP over next five yearsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Suzlon to build 2000 MW wind energy projects in MP over next five years
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
Suzlon Group is to build 2000 MW of new wind energy projects in Madhya Pradesh over the next five years and establish the supporting manufacturing facilities. However, the group did not disclose the investment it would make in the projects.
These projects will drive investments and create sustainable economic growth for the State, the company said in a statement.
Suzlon Group has installed more than 50 per cent of the total wind capacity in the State.
“MP has not only emerged as one of the fastest growing States in the country but is a power surplus State as well, with close to 14,000 MW installed capacity,” said Tulsi Tanti, Chairman, Suzlon Group.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Sensex jumps 248 points on global cues  firm rupeeSensex vaults 390 points on global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
Snapping its three-session losing streak, the benchmark BSE Sensex staged a strong comeback by rising 400 points today on fresh spells of buying by foreign funds and investors amid positive global cues.
Expectation of a recovery in EBITDA margins of companies ahead of Q2FY15 earnings season and global cues saw the NIfty and the Sensex open in the green. The Nifty opened 44 points up at 7,887 while the Sensex opened 147 points up at 26,394.
Besides, appreciating rupee which strengthened to 60.90 against the dollar and easing global crude prices that have hit two-year low, buoyed sentiments.
The 30-share barometer had lost over 383 points in the previous three sessions.
The Sensex zoomed 390 points or 1.49 per cent to end at 26,637 while the NSE Nifty jumped 118 points or 1.5 per cent to 7,960.
All sectoral indices were in the green led by capital goods, realty and banks with gains of up to 3 per cent. Volatility was down 6.78 per cent with the India Vix quoting at 13.15.
BHEL (+8.3%), Hindalco (+6%), SBI (+2.84%), HDFC (2.68%) and ICICI Bank (+2.64%) were the top gainers in the Sensex 30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better, tracking rebound on other Asian markets in response to minutes from the US Federal Reserve indicating that policymakers are wary about raising interest rates sooner than later.
Global markets
World stock markets roared their approval on Thursday of reassurances the US Federal Reserve will not rush into raising interest rates, with risk appetite flooding back into almost every asset class. The dollar jolted lower, while oil and commodity prices rose.
Bond yields in large parts of Europe, which have plunged during years of cheap funding from the Fed and the world's other major central banks, hit new record lows.
Minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 meeting published late on Wednesday showed officials were wary about the dual threats of a stronger dollar and recent wobbles in the world economy as they seek an eventual exit from record low rates.
There were big gains on Wall Street and for Asia stocks, and European shares duly followed suit as Britain's FTSE 100 , Germany's DAX and France's CAC 40 rose 0.7, 1.2 and 0.8 per cent respectively in early trading.
"It (the Fed's message) has stabilised risk appetite and it was well needed following the macro economic disappointments we have had recently," said Hans Peterson, global head of asset allocation at SEB investment management.
"It is a burning issue, the pace of U.S. interest rate rises. They will tighten of course, but it will probably be very slow."
Even news that German exports slumped 5.8 per cent in August -- their biggest fall since the height of the financial crisis in January 2009, and yet another sign that Europe's largest economy is faltering -- failed to dampen the mood.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan , which touched its lowest level since March in the previous session, was up about 1.2 per cent in late trade.
Japan's Nikkei share average skidded 0.8 per cent, however, as the yen rose against the weakened dollar.
Gold, which also tends to benefit from loose monetary policy, climbed to its highest in about two weeks, with spot gold rising about 0.4 per cent to $1,226.40 an ounce. The Fed was not the only central bank in action though. The British pound stood at $1.6165, steady on the day and holding above an 11-month low of $1.5943 on Monday, ahead of the Bank of England's policy announcement later in the session. The bank is expected to keep rates steady near record lows.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Top 5 reasons why Sensex surged over 300 points | 20 trading ideasYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends 390 points up; top 5 reasons why today's rally is sustainable
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 03.50PM IST
(All the sectoral indices…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty bounced back after three days of decline and closed above 7,950 as sentiment turned bullish in global markets as the US Federal Reserve's indicated interest rates will not be hiked earlier than expected.
The Sensex ended the day at 26,637.28; up 390.49 points.
The Nifty shut shop at 7,960.55; up 117.85 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index rallied 1.82 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index surged 1.54 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 3.01 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex was 2.41 per cent higher, the S&P BSE Power Index advanced 2.25 per cent and the S&P BSE Metal Index advanced 1.76 per cent.
BHEL (up 8.16 per cent), Hindalco (up 5.51 per cent), Zee Entertainment (up 5.10 per cent), Ambuja Cements (up 3.89 per cent) and Punjab National Bank (up 3.33 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Tech Mahindra (2.55 per cent), Jindal Steel (0.60 per cent), NMDC (0.56 per cent), NTPC (0.49 per cent) and Wipro (0.48 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 923 gainers against 217 losers.
(All figures except for Sensex and Nifty are provisional)
Market analysts say looking at today's gains, it appears the pull-back move may last in the near term.
Following are five reasons why today's rally could be sustainable, at least in the near term:
Dovish stance of the US Fed: The US Federal Reserve officials today stressed that the interest rates hike will take some time. According to analysts, the US Federal Reserv''s comments appear to be dovish.
According to reports, officials at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting were wary of strengthening dollar amid weak eurozone, slowdown in China and Japan and elevated geopolitical risks.
'Easy money' has been entering the Indian markets due to low interest rates in the US. This trend saw a reversal following the indication of a rate hike.
It appears that as long as low interest rates continue, inflows will continue in the India. "It certainly helps the sentiment of the markets. The Fed has used every opportunity to change the rules and they would like to keep the rates low for as long as possible. But they also have to remember that the composition of the FOMC in 2015 will be a lot more dovish than it was this year. There will be a few changes there. So the first interest rate hike will come later rather than sooner," said Hans Goetti, Head of Investment-Asia, Banque Internationale a Luxembourg (BIL) to ET Now.
Sharp decline in crude oil prices: A sharp spike in the US dollar index has led to a sharp correction in the global commodity prices. Crude oil is in a bear market and fell to a 27-month low due to a strong dollar. This is a positive for the Indian economy. India's major import is crude oil prices.
Lower crude oil prices not only help in improving India's current account deficit, but at the same time take care of subsidy burden on oil marketing and fertilizers companies. It also helps in taming inflation and bringing in RBI's target range.
"The recent fall in global commodity prices provides an opportunity to contain inflationary expectations. The fall in the crude prices is a silver lining for the Indian markets in terms of reducing oil subsidies and import bill," said Dipen Shah Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Other metal commodities have also declined recently on concerns of a slowdown in China. This is likely to help Indian manufacturing companies as it will lower their raw material costs.
Stable Indian rupee: The US dollar has appreciated by almost 10 per cent against the Euro, 7.5 per cent against the Japanese Yen and 5 per cent + against Pound in the last five months.
Yet, the Indian rupee has shown quite a bit of resilience and has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent in the same period.
"Oil prices have dropped by nearly 15 per cent whereas the rupee has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent, giving a huge cost saving of nearly 12.5 per cent on the largest import bill for the country," said Sachin Shah- Fund Manager, Emkay Investment Managers.
Pre-emptive steps by the central bank have helped the Indian currency from a steep fall. There have been reports of RBI's intervention to prevent the rupee from slipping below 62 per dollar. According to analysts, it looks unlikely that the rupee will fall below 63 per dollar till next financial year.
IMF forecasts higher GDP growth for India: The International Monetary Fund has cut global growth forecast and that for emerging market economies as a whole. The IMF expects global economy to grow by 3.8 per cent next year, lower than its July forecast of 4 per cent. However, IMF has raised India's growth forecast to 5.6 per cent for 2014 from 5.4 per cent earlier.

Re surges 45 paise vs $ to hit day s high of 60.95You are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Rupee ends day at 61.05 versus US dollar
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 05.03PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Extending its rising streak…)
MUMBAI: The rupee closed the day at 61.09 against the US greenback, after gaining 50 paise to 60.90 per dollar in intraday trade. This was on the back of persistent selling of the American unit by banks and exporters amid bearish dollar overseas and rallying domestic equities.
The rupee had resumed higher at 61.13 per dollar as against yesterday's closing level of 61.40 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange ( Forex ).
In the New York market, the US dollar languished at a two-week low against its major rivals in early trade, having fallen for a third straight session minutes after the US Federal Reserve's last policy meeting which prompted markets to push out the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Facebook founder Zuckerberg to meet Modi in Delhi todayFacebook founder Zuckerberg to meet Modi in Delhi
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 09, 2014
First Published: 10:51 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:54 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg, is expected to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his two-day visit to India.
Mark Zuckerberg is visiting the country to address the first Internet.org summit, that will take place on Oct 9-10 in Delhi. Zuckerberg's meeting maybe scheduled for Friday as the prime minister was in Indore this morning.
Earlier in July, Sheryl Sandberg, chief operating officer of Facebook visited the country which is the second biggest market after the US for Facebook.
Zuckerberg is the third high profile visit by a CEO after Amazon’s Jeff Bezos and Micrsoft’s Satya Nadella. Zuckerberg, who recently snapped up the popular instant messaging service company Whatsapp early this year.
In his interactions with Modi, which will be a closed event, Zuckerberg will talk on how Facebook and the Indian government can collaborate. Modi had in July held discussions with Sandberg on  the use of Facebook for improving governance, better interaction between people and the government.
The Internet.org summit will bring together officials and industry leaders to explore ways to deliver more Internet services for people in languages other than English.

Where is Kim Jong Un North Korea leader sparks speculationWhere is Kim Jong Un? North Korea leader's absence sparks speculation
Reuters
print
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has been out of sight for over a month and if he does not appear at a key political event early on Friday, speculation will intensify over his health and grip on power in the secretive country.
North Korea's state media, which usually chronicles the 31-year-old's whereabouts in great detail, has not made any mention of Kim's activities since he appeared at a concert with his wife on September 3.
Friday is the 69th anniversary of the founding of North Korea's Workers' Party, an event Kim has marked in the past two years with a post-midnight visit to the Pyongyang mausoleum where the bodies of his father and grandfather are interred.
"Should he fail to appear, it will fuel speculation that the young North Korean leader has fallen on hard times of one kind or another," said Curtis Melvin, a researcher at the US-Korea Institute at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies in Washington. "The longer he remains out of the public eye, the more uncertainty about him, and the status of his regime, will grow." Kim's father, Kim Jong Il, often appeared in state media at party events or factory visits on the October 10 anniversary, newspaper archives show.
North Korean officials have denied that Kim's public absence since early September is health-related and a US official following North Korea said this week there were no indications he was seriously ill or in political trouble. Speculation that Kim's unusually long absence from public view may be due to ill health was fuelled by a North Korean TV report late last month that he was suffering from "discomfort".
Some Pyongyang-watchers also suggest that Kim may have been sidelined in a power struggle, a scenario they say was reinforced by the unexpected visit on Saturday of a high-level delegation to the closing ceremony of the Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea. Another interpretation of that visit holds that it was meant to convey stability in Pyongyang.
"It would have to be a very subtle coup indeed not to disrupt international travel plans," said Andray Abrahamian of the Choson Exchange, a Singapore-based NGO currently running a programme for North Koreans in Southeast Asia. This is not the first time Kim Jong Un has been missing from public view. In June 2012, six months after coming to power, state media failed to report on or photograph him for 23 days. He re-surfaced the next month at a dolphinarium.
Kim, who has rapidly gained weight since coming to power after his father died of a heart attack in 2011, had been seen walking with a limp since an event with key officials in July. He was absent from a Sept. 25 meeting of the Supreme People's Assembly, or parliament, the first he has not attended since coming to power three years ago.
However, Kim's name has not disappeared from state propaganda. Thursday's edition of the Workers' Party newspaper, the Rodong Sinmun, carried three letters to Kim from overseas allies on its front page, and has reported on returning athletes from the Asian Games who thanked "the Marshal" for his support during the competition.
Abrahamian said he believes Kim's absence has been due to health reasons, and not that he's been usurped. "Kim Jong Un has always shared power with other key figures and even if the internal balance of power has shifted, it is unlikely that they would want to remove him, given his unmatchable symbolic value. Again, though, everyone is guessing," he said.

Delhi Metro gets infrastructure boost worth Rs 467 croreDelhi Metro gets infrastructure boost worth Rs 467 crore
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 13:53 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
In a bid to fillip the Phase III construction of the Delhi Metro , the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has invested Rs 467.12 crore in Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) for the projects.
The loan amount sanctioned by JICA was conveyed to DMRC by the Ministry of Urban Development.
"The amount has been released to DMRC for meeting the cost of MRTS Phase-3 projects," said an official of urban development ministry.
"The amount is placed at the disposal of DMRC to meet the expenditure under 'Pass through Assistance' against loan agreement for Delhi MRTS Phase III between JICA and President of India for an amount not exceeding Japanese Yen 1,27,917 million, as principle.
The interest payable by the Government of India is 1.4 per cent per annum on the principle disbursed and outstanding, which may vary from time to time," said the official.
He also said that a total amount of Rs 19,166.47 crore had been released earlier to DMRC by the ministry. "Since the loan from JICA is available only on reimbursement basis, DMRC is required to regularly file reimbursement claims in regard to the expenditure incurred for making payments to agencies," the official said.

Delhi Metro gets infra boost worth Rs 467 croreDelhi Metro gets infrastructure boost worth Rs 467 crore
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 13:53 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
In a bid to fillip the Phase III construction of the Delhi Metro , the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has invested Rs 467.12 crore in Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) for the projects.
The loan amount sanctioned by JICA was conveyed to DMRC by the Ministry of Urban Development.
"The amount has been released to DMRC for meeting the cost of MRTS Phase-3 projects," said an official of urban development ministry.
"The amount is placed at the disposal of DMRC to meet the expenditure under 'Pass through Assistance' against loan agreement for Delhi MRTS Phase III between JICA and President of India for an amount not exceeding Japanese Yen 1,27,917 million, as principle.
The interest payable by the Government of India is 1.4 per cent per annum on the principle disbursed and outstanding, which may vary from time to time," said the official.
He also said that a total amount of Rs 19,166.47 crore had been released earlier to DMRC by the ministry. "Since the loan from JICA is available only on reimbursement basis, DMRC is required to regularly file reimbursement claims in regard to the expenditure incurred for making payments to agencies," the official said.

Cyclone Hudhud: APs coastal districts on high alertPrint
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:47 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 12:54 pm
Collectors of all districts along the Bay of Bengal coast in Andhra Pradesh have been put on high alert in view of the threat of cyclone ‘Hudhud’.
The cyclonic storm is expected to cross the Bay of Bengal coast on October 12 between Visakhapatnam in AP and Gopalpur in Odisha.
AP Chief Secretary I Y R Krishna Rao held a video-conference today with Collectors of coastal districts and reviewed the preparedness.
He asked the Collectors to take all steps to prevent loss of lives and also ensure that damage to properties, if any, was the least.
“Open relief camps wherever needed and move people from vulnerable areas to safety. Keep essential commodities ready for the evacuees,” he told the Collectors.
He also directed them to submit reports on the latest situation regularly.
Meanwhile, Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu put off his scheduled visit to Srikakulam district on Friday where was supposed to take part in a ‘Janmabhoomi’ programme.
Srikakulam Collector Gaurav Uppal cancelled leaves of all government staff and put them on high alert as the district borders Odisha.
During cyclone Phailin on October 13 last year, AP’s Srikakulam district bore the brunt along with Odisha.

Ramadoss: Why is Karunanidhi silent on Jaya verdictPrint
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:42 pm
Almost 10 days after the conviction of former Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa and the denial of her bail petition on Tuesday, Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK) leader S Ramadoss, an ally of BJP, has shot an obvious question to the DMK chief M Karunanidhi. He did not spare left parties, BJP and Congress too for their cold responses to the Jaya verdict and acts of violence by AIADMK cadres.
Addressing the media in the city on Wednesday morning, Ramadoss said it is high time for DMK chief M Karunanidhi to break his silence over former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa’s conviction in the disproportionate assets case. Even public is asking why DMK is silent. “Everyone expects their version too,” Ramadoss said.
Ramadoss did not stop with DMK. Stating that Jayalalithaa’s political career had come to an end with this conviction, he asked why left parties, BJP and the Congress are also silent in this matter. To prevent Jayalalithaa from running the proxy government, he suggested that the Representation of People’s Act needs to be amended to ensure a convicted politician also loses membership from the political party and is deprived of the right to vote and campaign in elections.
While taking a stand against the ideas of imposing President’s rule to control the deteriorating law and order situation in the state, Ramadoss attacked the new Chief Minister O Panneerselvam for the complete paralysis of the police force across the state. He demanded the centre to invoke Article 355, one of the three important emergency provisions — and a less drastic one — which is to protect every state against external aggression and internal disturbances and to ensure that the governance of every state is carried on in accordance with the provisions of the constitution.
Reacting to Ramadoss’s question, DMK spokeperson T K S Elangovan said it was DMK that fought the case against Jayalalithaa. “It was our party that approached the Supreme Court to shift the asset case out of Tamil Nadu in 2003. We have been following this case ever since the beginning. But what is there to comment on the verdict?,” he told The Indian Express.
However, party soucres said Karunanidhi and his party are keeping a studied silence on the verdict and its political impacts because of a similar threat that is awaiting his family in the next few weeks. “Any negative remarks against Jayalalithaa might backfire our party. Moreover, the additional sessions judge O P Saini of the special court trying the 2G spectrum allocation case has already reserved the order on a money laundering case, an offshoot of 2G, in which DMK leader and former telecom minister A Raja, Kanimozhi, DMK Rajya Sabha member and daughter of Karunanidhi,” said a senior party leader.
On Wednesday, a meeting of DMK district secretaries had passed a resolution urging the center to intervene in the law and order situation immediately. “There are atrocities and bad law and order situation in Tamil Nadu following Jayalalithaa’s arrest,” the resolution said.
Complaining that the police force is being continued…

Top 5 reasons why Sensex surged over 300 pointsYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends 390 points up; top 5 reasons why today's rally is sustainable
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 03.50PM IST
(All the sectoral indices…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty bounced back after three days of decline and closed above 7,950 as sentiment turned bullish in global markets as the US Federal Reserve's indicated interest rates will not be hiked earlier than expected.
The Sensex ended the day at 26,637.28; up 390.49 points.
The Nifty shut shop at 7,960.55; up 117.85 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index rallied 1.82 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index surged 1.54 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 3.01 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex was 2.41 per cent higher, the S&P BSE Power Index advanced 2.25 per cent and the S&P BSE Metal Index advanced 1.76 per cent.
BHEL (up 8.16 per cent), Hindalco (up 5.51 per cent), Zee Entertainment (up 5.10 per cent), Ambuja Cements (up 3.89 per cent) and Punjab National Bank (up 3.33 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Tech Mahindra (2.55 per cent), Jindal Steel (0.60 per cent), NMDC (0.56 per cent), NTPC (0.49 per cent) and Wipro (0.48 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 923 gainers against 217 losers.
(All figures except for Sensex and Nifty are provisional)
Market analysts say looking at today's gains, it appears the pull-back move may last in the near term.
Following are five reasons why today's rally could be sustainable, at least in the near term:
Dovish stance of the US Fed: The US Federal Reserve officials today stressed that the interest rates hike will take some time. According to analysts, the US Federal Reserv''s comments appear to be dovish.
According to reports, officials at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting were wary of strengthening dollar amid weak eurozone, slowdown in China and Japan and elevated geopolitical risks.
'Easy money' has been entering the Indian markets due to low interest rates in the US. This trend saw a reversal following the indication of a rate hike.
It appears that as long as low interest rates continue, inflows will continue in the India. "It certainly helps the sentiment of the markets. The Fed has used every opportunity to change the rules and they would like to keep the rates low for as long as possible. But they also have to remember that the composition of the FOMC in 2015 will be a lot more dovish than it was this year. There will be a few changes there. So the first interest rate hike will come later rather than sooner," said Hans Goetti, Head of Investment-Asia, Banque Internationale a Luxembourg (BIL) to ET Now.
Sharp decline in crude oil prices: A sharp spike in the US dollar index has led to a sharp correction in the global commodity prices. Crude oil is in a bear market and fell to a 27-month low due to a strong dollar. This is a positive for the Indian economy. India's major import is crude oil prices.
Lower crude oil prices not only help in improving India's current account deficit, but at the same time take care of subsidy burden on oil marketing and fertilizers companies. It also helps in taming inflation and bringing in RBI's target range.
"The recent fall in global commodity prices provides an opportunity to contain inflationary expectations. The fall in the crude prices is a silver lining for the Indian markets in terms of reducing oil subsidies and import bill," said Dipen Shah Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Other metal commodities have also declined recently on concerns of a slowdown in China. This is likely to help Indian manufacturing companies as it will lower their raw material costs.
Stable Indian rupee: The US dollar has appreciated by almost 10 per cent against the Euro, 7.5 per cent against the Japanese Yen and 5 per cent + against Pound in the last five months.
Yet, the Indian rupee has shown quite a bit of resilience and has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent in the same period.
"Oil prices have dropped by nearly 15 per cent whereas the rupee has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent, giving a huge cost saving of nearly 12.5 per cent on the largest import bill for the country," said Sachin Shah- Fund Manager, Emkay Investment Managers.
Pre-emptive steps by the central bank have helped the Indian currency from a steep fall. There have been reports of RBI's intervention to prevent the rupee from slipping below 62 per dollar. According to analysts, it looks unlikely that the rupee will fall below 63 per dollar till next financial year.
IMF forecasts higher GDP growth for India: The International Monetary Fund has cut global growth forecast and that for emerging market economies as a whole. The IMF expects global economy to grow by 3.8 per cent next year, lower than its July forecast of 4 per cent. However, IMF has raised India's growth forecast to 5.6 per cent for 2014 from 5.4 per cent earlier.

Blow to TDP as four MLAs  MLC join TRSUpdated: October 9, 2014 20:31 IST
Blow to TDP as four MLAs, MLC join TRS
Suresh Krishnamoorthy
Tweet
Legislators of the Telugu Desam Party led by MLA T. Srinivas Yadav emerge out of the Camp Office of Telangana Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao and announce their decision to join TRS. Seen from right are Teegala Krishna Reddy and MLC V. Gangadhar Goud. Photo: Nagara Gopal
TOPICS
politics
In a major setback to the Telugu Desam Party in Telangana, four of its MLAs and an MLC have decided to cross over to the Telangana Rashtra Samiti on Thursday morning.
Former Minister Talasani Srinivas Yadav (Sanatnagar), Teegala Krishna Reddy (Maheswaram), Prakash Goud (Rajendranagar) and Ch.Dharma Reddy (Parkal) and MLC Gangadhar Goud met Chief Minister K.Chandrasekhar Rao at the camp office.
Emerging from the meeting, they said they decided to quit the TDP and join the TRS only to help achieve the goal of ‘Bangaru Telangana’ (golden State). Ending weeks of suspense, the TDP legislators visit to Camp office was dramatic. Media was alerted minutes before the meeting and asked to rush to the Camp office.
The four legislators and the MLC, sources said would be joining the TRS officially in a week at a public meeting to be organised by the TRS. Though they intended to announce their joining the TRS, the formal announcement was kept pending. It was indicated that some more TDP legislators from Telangana could join the TRS shortly.
In the house of 119 in Telangana Assembly, TDP had won 15 seats and with the latest development, its number woould dwindle to 11. In the last few weeks, a number of Congress, TDP and the YSR Congress party MLAs have switched their loyalties forcing their legislature parties to file disqualification petitions with the Speaker.
Mr. Srinivas Yadav regretted that the TDP President and Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu, was goading them to undertake a ‘Bus Yatra’ protesting against the inefficiency of the TRS Government. “We know that the Krishnapatnam Thermal Power Station is ready for inauguration, but it appears that Mr. Naidu does not want it to be commissioned right away simply because he would then have to give 54 per cent of the power generated to Telangana,” he charged.
Mr. Yadav also referred to Mr. Naidu naming his son Lokesh to lead the party in Telangana. “He wants to make it look as if there is no TDP leadership in the new State. All this makes us feel bad and after decades of being with the TDP, we are disillusioned. We are confident Mr. Chandrasekhar Rao’s intention in transforming the fledgling State and take it to the pinnacle of development and hence we decided to throw in our lot,” he stated.
Mr. Krishna Reddy regretted that 33 years of his work with the TDP was not considered by the party chief. “We are sons of Telangana and we feel it is time we quit the TDP and join hands with a leader who is sincere about giving the new State an identity of its own, apart from safeguarding the self-respect of the people of Telangana. We will strive to take Hyderabad into the big league as internationally-known city.
Mr. Gangadhar Goud said that as the TDP’s district president, he was witness to a change in morale of the party, especially against the outlook of Mr. Naidu. “Às natives of Telangana State, we are left with no alternative but to join hands with the TRS and work for development,” he declared.
When asked about when they would officially join the TRS, Mr. Srinivas Yadav said it would be known later and to a question about whether more legislators from the TDP were set to fly the coop, he declined to reply.
(with inputs by Ravi Reddy)

Cox Kings: Outcome of board meetingOct 09, 2014, 01.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cox & Kings: Outcome of board meeting
Cox & Kings Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 09, 2014, has approved raising of funds for an amount not exceeding Rs 1,200 crore through issuance of securities including equity shares or equity linked securities
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cox & Kings: Outcome of board meeting
Cox & Kings Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 09, 2014, has approved raising of funds for an amount not exceeding Rs 1,200 crore through issuance of securities including equity shares or equity linked securities
Post your opinion here
 
Cox & Kings Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 09, 2014, has approved raising of funds for an amount not exceeding Rs. 1,200 crores (Rupees One Thousand Two Hundred Crore only) through issuance of securities including equity shares or equity linked securities, including through a qualified institutions placement under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2009 (the "ICDR Regulations"), and/or issuance of Equity Shares through convertible bonds, depository receipts and/or any other instrument convertible or exchangeable into equity shares, and/or other securities with or without warrants, to eligible investors subject to the approval of the members of the Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 62(1)(c) and other applicable provisions of the law.Source : BSE

Rural Electrification Corporation: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 09, 2014, 01.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Rural Electrification Corporation: Updates on outcome of AGM
Rural Electrification Corporation Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of Minutes of Proceedings of the 45th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 18, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rural Electrification Corporation: Updates on outcome of AGM
Rural Electrification Corporation Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of Minutes of Proceedings of the 45th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 18, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Rural Electrification Corporation Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of Minutes of Proceedings of the 45th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 18, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

8K Miles Software Q2 profit rises 31.4% to Rs Rs 4.14 crOct 09, 2014, 01.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
8K Miles Software Q2 profit rises 31.4% to Rs Rs 4.14 cr
Operating profit of the cloud-based solutions provider jumped 31 percent sequentially to Rs 8.45 crore and margin expanded by 50 basis points to 31.2 percent from 30.7 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
8K Miles Software Q2 profit rises 31.4% to Rs Rs 4.14 cr
Operating profit of the cloud-based solutions provider jumped 31 percent sequentially to Rs 8.45 crore and margin expanded by 50 basis points to 31.2 percent from 30.7 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
8K Miles Software Services  has posted a profit after tax of Rs 4.14 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 (Q2FY15), up 31.43 crore compared to Rs 3.15 crore in previous quarter.
Revenue during the same period climbed 29 percent to Rs 27.08 crore from Rs 20.99 crore.
Operating profit of the cloud-based solutions provider jumped 31 percent sequentially to Rs 8.45 crore and margin expanded by 50 basis points to 31.2 percent from 30.7 percent.
In the half year period (April-September), profit after tax grew a whopping 170 percent to Rs 7.29 crore compared to Rs 2.69 crore in same period last year. Revenue spiked 208 percent to Rs 48.08 crore from Rs 15.61 crore year-on-year.
Operating profit was up by 231.8 percent Y-o-Y to Rs 14.9 crore and margin rose by 224 basis points to 31 percent in April-September period of current financial year.
Meanwhile, the board of directors of 8K Miles, on September 29, approved to issue convertible warrants to the promoters and other strategic investors on preferential basis.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex surges 300 pts  set to snap three-day losing streakSensex surges 300 pts  set to snap three-day losing streak
Polaris Financial tumbles as demerger comes into effectPolaris Financial tumbles as demerger comes into effect
Cox & Kings board approves fund raising upto Rs 12 bnCox & Kings board approves fund raising upto Rs 12 bn
Where European Investors Hesitate  US Investors See Opportunity: US Investors Now Core to the European Venture & Growth Equity MarketWhere European Investors Hesitate  US Investors See Opportunity: US Investors Now Core to the European Venture & Growth Equity Market
Why action is unlikely in US generics pricing probeWhy action is unlikely in US generics pricing probe
RBI s agility helps tame money market volatilityRBI s agility helps tame money market volatility
Buy Bharti Airtel  says Krish SubramanyamLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Bharti Airtel, says Krish Subramanyam
Krish Subramanyam of Asit C Mehta Inv Intermediates recommends buying Bharti Airtel with a target of Rs 422.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Krish Subramanyam of Asit C Mehta Inv Intermediates told CNBC-TV18, "We are giving a covered call strategy in Bharti Airtel . The telecom stocks are picking up actions in today’s trade and we feel that it should be heading upwards. So one could buy Bharti Airtel at around Rs 408 and corresponding sell off 410 strike Call at around Rs 9-10. We are keeping a target of Rs 422 and a stoploss of Rs 398."
At 13:24 hrs Bharti Airtel was quoting at Rs 406.50, up Rs 6.90, or 1.73 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 407.05 and an intraday low of Rs 401.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Pratibha Industries; target of Rs 60: Firstcall ResearcLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Pratibha Industries; tgt of Rs 60: Firstcall Research
Firstcall Research is bullish on Pratibha Industries and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 60 in its October 8, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
Firstcall Research report on Pratibha Industries
“Pratibha Industries Limited was established in 1982. The company operates as an infrastructure company in India and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Infrastructure & Construction, and Manufacturing & Coating. The company is involved in the design, engineering, and execution/construction of various projects comprising complex and integrated water transmission and distribution projects, water treatment plants, elevated and underground reservoirs, mass housing projects, commercial complexes, pre-cast design and construction, road construction, passenger water transportation, multilevel car parking, airports, railway stations, retail infrastructure, and hydrocarbon projects. It also manufactures helical SAW pipes for various applications, such as oil and gas transmission mains; low and medium pressure city gas mains; water supply transmission mains and distribution pipelines; steam, gas, and other piping requirements in chemical plants/petroleum refineries; and pilling, casing, mining, and dredging steel pipes for structural purposes. In addition, the company offers protective coatings for pipes comprising fusion bonded epoxy coating/dual layer epoxy coating, 3 layer polyethylene and polypropylene coating, concrete weight coating, liquid epoxy coating, cement mortar lining, and PU coating for HSAW, LSAW, ERW, DI, and seamless pipes and tubes.”
“At the current market price of Rs. 50.45, the stock P/E ratio is at 12.58 x FY15E and 10.43 x FY16E respectively. Earnings per share (EPS) of the company for the earnings for FY15E and FY16E are seen at Rs. 4.01 and Rs. 4.83 respectively. Net Sales and Operating Profit of the company are expected to grow at a CAGR of 12% and 15% over 2013 to 2016E respectively. On the basis of EV/EBITDA, the stock trades at 3.55 x for FY15E and 3.09 x for FY16E. Price to Book Value of the stock is expected to be at 0.76 x and 0.71 x respectively for FY15E and FY16E. We recommend ‘BUY’ in this particular scrip with a target price of Rs. 60.00 for Medium to Long term Investment,” says Firstcall Research report.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

German exports plunge in AugustGerman exports plunge in August
Reuters
Tweet
BERLIN, Oct 9:  
Germany exports slumped by 5.8 per cent in August, their biggest fall since the height of the global financial crisis in January 2009, in yet another sign that Europe's largest economy is faltering amid broader euro zone weakness and crises abroad.
The Federal Statistics Office said late-falling summer vacations in some German states had contributed to the fall in both exports and imports, but the figures were still painted a gloomy picture for Germany following steep drops in industrial orders and output data earlier in the week.
The data showed seasonally adjusted imports fell by 1.3 per cent on the month, at odds with expectations of an increase of 1.0 per cent. Exports had been expected to fall 4.0 per cent, according to a Reuters poll.
The trade surplus stood at 17.5 billion euros, down from 22.2 billion euros in July and less than a forecast 18.5 billion euros.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Bilateral APA with Japan to be inked soon  says Revenue Secretary DasBilateral APA with Japan to be inked soon, says Revenue Secretary Das
K.R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
The tax authorities of India and Japan will soon ink a bilateral advance pricing agreement in respect of a Japanese company, Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das has said.
This will give a strong signal to other Japanese companies to look at India more positively (for investments), Das said at an international tax conference organised by Assocham here on Thursday.
“The APA between the tax authorities of India and Japan has been finalised in respect of a Japanese company. It will be inked shortly,” Das said.
This will be the first bilateral APA to be signed by India and would come close on the heels of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's official visit to Japan recently.
Das, however, declined to name the Japanese company that will benefit from the bilateral APA.
The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has so far signed five unilateral APAs with different companies in India.
To enable taxpayers attain certainty in their transfer prices of international transactions for up to nine years, the recent Budget had introduced the concept of rollback of APAs for the past four years, in addition to their application to five prospective years.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

350 Escorts employees opt for VRSHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
350 Escorts employees opt for VRS
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
Farm equipment major Escorts Ltd today announced implementation of a voluntary retirement scheme as part of its organisational restructuring under which 350 employees have exited the company.
“With an operational focus on improving business performance, Escorts Ltd has successfully implemented group-wide future-oriented VRS, aimed particularly at restructuring Escorts Auto Products,” the company said in a statement.
The exercise will cost around Rs 30 crore and will have a payback of two years. The one time impact will be reflected in the company’s Q2 results. The exercise was closed within 30 days, it added.
“This largest-ever VRS at Escorts was availed by 350 employees and will enable greater efficiencies and productivity due to rationalisation of deployment,” the company said.
Commenting on the development, Escorts Executive Vice President (HR & ER), Ishan Mehta, said: “Our VRS offer was part of an overall group-wide strategic initiative to make Escorts leaner and smarter organisation. Through this, we have sought to become even more focused on productivity and improve our organisational efficiencies.”
Escorts Auto Products CEO Dipankar Ghosh said the firm embarked on programmes that focused on ‘lean’ management and consolidation of manufacturing facilities to create more profitable production methods.
The company has also engaged with chosen prospective partners for technology infusion to tap into larger opportunities available within the auto sector, he added.
“I am sure these initiatives will enable EAP to target higher market share by offering its high-end products to domestic as well as international markets,” Ghosh said.
Escorts Auto Products is among the leading manufacturers of auto suspension products, including shock absorbers, struts and telescopic front forks.
Shares of Escorts Ltd were trading 4.66 per cent up at Rs 159.40 per scrip during mid-day trade on the BSE.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Sensex holds 26 500; financials gainSensex zooms 400 points; Nifty gains over 100 points
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 01:50 PM IST
Benchmark indices are trading 1.5% higher each in the late noon trades on sustained buying by retail and fund investors in bank shares. 
 
At 1.50 PM, the 30-share Sensex is up 408 points at 26,655 and the 50-share Nifty has gained 119 points at 7,962.
 
Banking shares are trading higher by up to 9%, extending their previous day’s upward move on the bourses, after the World Bank said Indian economy is set to grow by 6.4% in 2015-16 as against 5.6% in 2014-15.
 
Federal Bank, Bank of India, Andhra Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, Allahabad Bank, Canara Bank and Union Bank of India has rallied more than 3% each, while State Bank of India, Punjab National Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank up 2-3% on National Stock Exchange (NSE).
 
ICICI Bank, HDFC twins, SBI and Axis Bank are trading higher between 2-3% on the BSE.
________________________________________________________________-
(updated at 1 pm)
Benchmark indices are trading 1% higher each in the noon trades led by gains in financial and oil shares. In addition, strength in the global markets and appreciating rupee have boosted the sentiments of the market participants.
 
At 1 PM, the 30-share Sensex is up 254 points at 26,501 and the 50-share Nifty has gained 75 points at 7,918.
 
Foreign funds were net sellers in equities to the tune of Rs 1,441 crore on Wednesday, as per provisional data on the stock exchanges.
 
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices are up over 1.4% each.
 
Market breadth is strong with 1,811 gainers and 821 losers on the BSE.
 
Asian Markets:
 
Japan's Nikkei share average fell on Thursday as concerns about a resurgent yen, which hit stocks of exporters, erased early gains stemming from optimism over the Federal Reserve's dovish position on interest rates.The Nikkei fell 0.8 percent to 15,478.93, its lowest close in five weeks.
 
However, other Asian shares surged and the dollar skidded on Thursday after minutes of the U.S. Federal Reserve's latest policy meeting showed concerns about downside risks of a stronger dollar and the global economy. Hang Seng, Straits Times and Shanghai Composite gained between 0.2-1%.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee firmed up further from initial gains against the US greenback, gaining 35 paise to 61.05 per dollar today on persistent selling of the American unit by banks and exporters amid bearish dollar overseas and rallying domestic equities.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, all sectoral indices are trading in green. BSE Realty index is the top gainer up over 2% followed by BSE Capital goods, Healthcare, Oil & Gas, Metal and Power indices trading higher between 1-2%. Bankex is up 1.6%. 
 
In the metal pack, Hindalco is the top gainer of this hour up 5% as global rival Alcoa Inc's earnings beat forecasts, propelled by higher aluminium prices.
 
Hindalco expects similar earnings performance from its overseas subsidiary Novelis Inc, which is the world's largest producer of rolled aluminium products. Following the tandem, Sesa Sterlite and Tata Steel are up 1% each.
 
Pharma shares which witnessed selling pressure following reports of US Congress prive probe also rebounded and were trading with gains. Dr Reddy's Labs and Sun Pharma are up between 1-1.5% .
 
Cipla has climbed 1.6%% after the company said Medpro Pharma has entered into a tie up with Teva Pharmaceuticals affiliate to exclusively sell Teva products in South Africa. Medpro Pharma is a subsidiary company of Cipla Medpro.
 
Among the technology stocks, Infosys rebounded from Wednesday's nearly 5% drop following a downgrade by Citigroup. The stock is trading over 0.5% higher ahead of its second quarter earnings due tomorrow. TCS is also up 0.7% while Wipro is trading with marginal gains.
 
Financials shares have firmed up on the back of encouraging growth forecast from IMF. HDFC, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank and SBI are up between 1-2.5%.
 
Shares of oil companies are gaining on the back of declining Brent crude prices. Reliance Industries has gained 1.3% and ONGC is up nearly 2%. 
 
Capital goods shares are among the top gainers. L&T has extended its yesterday’s rally of 2.3%  and is up 1.6% after the company said its wholly-owned subsidiary L&T Technology Services received approval from the Competition Commission of India to acquire the engineering business of US-based Dell Product and Process Innovation Services. Meanwhile, Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) has rallied 5% to Rs 210 on NSE after state-run company said it has bagged EPC (engineering, procurement & construction) contract worth of Rs 7,800 crore for setting up a 1,320 MW thermal power project in Tamil Nadu.
 
On the flip side, M&M, NTPC, Bajaj Auto and ITC are some of the prominent losers on the BSE down between 0.2-0.5%.
 

Indian stock market awaits a positive triggerMahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak    Last Updated: October 7, 2014  | 11:47 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Mahesh Nayak
Is the bull-run over? With foreign investment flow slowing down in the last two weeks, this has been the question in everyone's mind on the D-Street. Between September 19 and October 1, 2014, an Foreign Institutional Investment (FII) outflow of $300 million from Indian equities saw Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex losing close to 2 per cent.
A small correction such as this sends jitters because in the past six months the Sensex has gained over 35 per cent to touch an all-time high of 27,354.99 on September 8, 2014. Since then the Sensex has been range-bound with downward bias. From the all-time high the Sensex has lost 4 per cent to touch 26,220.49 on September 26, 2014. Though a correction in market is healthy, the absence of a positive trigger is leading to the fading of interest in Indian market. In fact, forecasting a view on equity market for the short-term has become difficult. First because the equity market is not cheap and second volatility and uncertainty has gone up.
The market has run-up on anticipation that the Narendra Modi government will bring administrative and structural reforms that would put India back on the 7 per cent to 8 per cent growth path from the current 5 per cent to 5.5 per cent. Though any change will take at least 18-24 months, the market has surged on anticipation that India is heading towards a stronger growth. Meanwhile, the focus will be on the second quarter results ending September 2014. To start with all eyes will be on Infosys result on Friday, October 10, 2014.
More importantly, FII flows , a lifeline for the Indian equity market, has to remain positive. One likes to believe that there isn't any other market than India which throws huge investment opportunity. But the fact is India is still too small for FIIs and there are other markets in the region which throws good investment opportunity. Markets like Taiwan and Indonesia has also seen good FII flows in 2014. End of day its valuation that would be a determining factor to invest in India. In terms of valuations markets like Philippines, Thailand, China, Brazil and Russia are cheaper than India. With Brazil going to polls, a favourable outcome could attract foreign flows.
Meanwhile, the fall in the US jobless rate to a six-year low of 5.9 per cent in September 2014 from 6.1 per cent in August 2014 will be a cause of concern as it raises expectation of an early increase in US interest rates. But it has to be seen how the US economy performs following the ending of quantitative easing (QE). So far the growth in the US economy was purely credit-based. If the US increases rate it doesn't augur well for markets across the globe, which will see outflow of money, including from India to the US.
If India has to be on the radar of investors, it would depend on the government policies. Indian economy may take time to gain momentum. Though it is stable than many other emerging economies, government will have to accelerate growth by removing anomalies and increasing the ease of doing business.
For the Indian equity market the first phase of bull-run is over and it is currently in the consolidating phase. But it is important to have patience as the market is still not euphoric. If the government is able to increase investment and corporate India also increases its investment, then the bull-run is here to stay.
Meanwhile, in the coming week FII inflows, global cues and corporate results will continue to dictate the movement in the market, which would remain range-bound. Rupee will also play a crucial role in the Sensex movement. On Tuesday, October 7, 2014, the September 2014 HSBC India Service Purchasing Managers's Index (PMI) data will be announced. For August 2014, the HSBC Service PMI was down at 50.6. While on Friday, October 10, 2014, the government will declare industrial production (IIP) data for August. In July 2014, the IIP was at 0.5 per cent.

NASA spots giant filament on the SunNASA spots giant filament on the Sun
PTI
Tweet
Image Credit: NASA/SDO A dark snaking line in the upper right of these images show a filament of solar material hovering above the sun's surface. NASA's SDO captured the images in extreme UV light – different colors represent different wavelengths of light and different temperatures of solar material.
Washington, Oct 7:  
NASA astronomers have observed a snaking, extended filament of solar material that lies on the front of the Sun — some 1 million miles across from end to end.
Filaments are clouds of solar material suspended above the Sun by powerful magnetic forces. Though notoriously unstable, filaments can last for days or even weeks.
NASA’s Solar Dynamics Observatory, or SDO, which watches the Sun 24 hours a day, has observed this gigantic filament for several days as it rotated around.
If straightened out, the filament would reach almost across the whole Sun, about 1 million miles or 100 times the size of Earth.
SDO captured images of the filament in numerous wavelengths, each of which helps highlight material of different temperatures on the Sun.
By looking at any solar feature in different wavelengths and temperatures, scientists can learn more about what causes such structures, as well as what catalyses their occasional giant eruptions out into space.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

Asus announces  Sapno ki Diwali  offersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Oil retreats after US inventories riseOil retreats after US inventories rise
By Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eca09f72-4ef4-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maharashtra polls: Sharad Pawar wanted to join NDA before 2014 LS polls  says Raj Thackeray2
0
Thane: MNS chief Raj Thackeray on Wednesday alleged that NCP president and former union minister Sharad Pawar was planning to join the BJP-led NDA alliance before this year's Lok Sabha elections.
"Pawar was going to join NDA, but some people in BJP did not let that happen," Thackeray said, addressing a campaign rally on Wednesday. There was a tacit understanding amongst BJP, Congress, NCP and Shiv Sena, and they were taking the people of Maharashtra for a ride, Raj said.
The MNS chief also criticised the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for misusing the government machinery for the Assembly election campaigning. Targeting Modi and BJP, Raj questioned the need for the proposed bullet train between Mumbai and Ahmedabad. Such links were rather needed between Mumbai and the three other big metros, he said.
"Pawar was going to join NDA, but some people in BJP did not let that happen," MNS chief Raj Thackeray said.
#bjp #nda #congress #upa
He also asked why Modi needed to campaign extensively in Maharashtra, and whether it meant that local leadership of his party was useless. "When Indian troops are dying in firing from the Pakistani side on the border, the Prime Minister should not be touring the states for electioneering," Raj said.
The MNS chief also claimed that as many as 60 candidates of BJP were imports from other parties. Raj claimed that the projects planned by his party in Nashik (where MNS controls the civic body) were supported by eminent industrialists, but they did not get off the ground because state government had kept the post of municipal commissioner vacant for the last seven months.
108

Ex-Carlyle team to target European companiesActivist Primestone fund gets green light
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany, Private Equity Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/93d373ba-4ef9-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sun  Dr Reddy s  Cadila named in US Congress price probeSun, Dr Reddy's, Cadila named in US Congress price probe
Digbijay Mishra & Sushmi Dey | New Delhi Oct 09, 2014 12:59 AM IST
The US Congress seems to have gone on the offensive against 14 generic drug manufacturers, including three top Indian firms — Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, Dr Reddy’s Laboratories and Cadila Healthcare — following an abnormal rise in prices of 10 generic medicines.
On October 2, a day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s return from America, the Congress initiated a probe and wrote to these firms, seeking details about recent hikes in prices of several generic products available in the US market.
Industry officials maintain there is no provision under law by which the Congress could conduct such investigation. But the development is significant, especially against the backdrop of a continuing tussle between India and the US over issues related to intellectual property rights (IPR) and the American regulator increasing enforcements on Indian firms.
On April 30, the US’ Special 301 report, an annual review of the global state of IPR protection and enforcement, had classified India as a ‘priority watch-list country’. Issues around IPR, particularly for pharmaceutical and information technology products, were top on Modi’s agenda during his US visit.
Unlike India, the US is a free market for pharmaceutical pricing. Drug prices there are essentially governed by competition. Besides, insurance firms negotiate for those with drug manufacturers. However, there is no restriction or cap on prices of either generic products or new and innovative medicines, experts explained.
The US Congress’ letters to drug makers have pointed out that prices of 10 generic products were raised by 40 to 83 times between October 2013 and April this year, and asked the companies to give detailed information on the matter.
“We are conducting an investigation into the recent staggering price increases for generic drugs used to treat everything from common medical conditions to life-threatening illnesses,” said the letters, addressed to senior management executives of these companies. Apart from the three Indian companies, the investigation includes Teva, Mylan, Actavis, Apotex, Endo, Global Pharmaceuticals, Heritage Pharmaceuticals, Lannett Company, Marathon Pharmaceuticals, PAR Pharmaceutical Companies Inc and West Ward Pharmaceutical Corp.
The development had a rub-off on the Indian pharma companies' stocks, which mostly traded in the red on BSE on Wednesday. Dr Reddy's shares shed about four per cent of their value to close at Rs 2,963.65 apiece, while the Sun Pharma scrip declined about two per cent from its previous close to end at Rs 198.90.
Though the Congress letters have indicated a deadline of October 23, a top executive of one of the Indian drug firms said companies were not obliged to give any detail sought by the American Parliament body.
A spokesperson for Dr Reddy's Labs said the company was not selling in the US market one of the products listed by the Congress, while it had not raised the price of the other drug. "We are okay with our position and we will respond to them within the mentioned deadline," the spokesperson said.
The Congress has sought details like companies' total gross revenue from these drugs; dates, quantities, purchasers and prices for sale of these drugs; besides profit projections and other information.
Indian drug makers have lately faced stringent enforcements in the US, the world's largest pharmaceutical market. Several manufacturing facilities of leading companies like Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma, Wockhardt and Strides Arcolab have come under the scanner of the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) for compliance-related issues. The frequency of regulatory inspections of Indian plants has also increased significantly in the past few years.
While norms in India have also become relatively strict in recent years, Indian regulators and the government are still far from matching the US and European standards. After a directive by the Supreme Court, the Indian drug regulator, as well as the health ministry, has adopted a cautious approach in approving new medicines and clinical trials. But the government's approach in dealing with the prices of imported medicines and checking the quality of drugs available in the domestic market remains lenient.
Even in the case of compulsory licensing, the government has so far not invoked any, despite several recommendations from the health ministry. The single compulsory licence for the generic version of Nexavar was also granted by the patent controller.
SUPER REGULATOR?
AMBIT: The Congressional investigation seeks information like total gross revenue of the companies concerned from sale of the drugs in question
 
FINER DETAILS: The probe also seeks dates, quantities, purchasers, prices paid, profit projections and pricing in other markets
 
COMPANIES: Letters have been sent to 14 firms, including Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy’s, Cadila, Actavis Plc, Apotex Corp, Endo International, Global Pharmaceuticals, Heritage Pharmaceuticals and Lannett Company
 
PRICE HIKES: The US Congress has pointed out hikes of 40 to 83 times in prices of 10 products —Sun Pharma, for example, is said to have raised the prices of Doxycycline Hyclate by about 83 times and Albuterol Sulfate by 41 times in the October 2013 to April 2014 period
 
REPLIES: Sought from the companies concerned by October 2
HURDLES IN THE US
Indian drug majors’ facilities banned by the US recently
Sep 2008: Ranbaxy’s Paonta Sahib and Batamandi (Himachal Pradesh) and Dewas (Madhya Pradesh) facilities; US FDA also banned 30 drugs
2013
May: Wockhardt’s Waluj unit in Aurangabad (Maharashtra)
 
Jun: RPG Life Sciences’ units in Ankleshwar (Gujarat) and Maharashtra
 
Sep: Ranbaxy’s plants in Mohali (Punjab)
 
Nov: Wockhardt’s Chikalthana plant in Aurangabad (Maharashtra)
2014
Jan: Supplies from Ranbaxy’s active pharmaceutical ingredient unit in Toansa (Punjab) stopped
 

Blackberry Passport: Packed with innovation and powerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Snapchat ads are coming soon  says chiefSnapchat ads are coming soon, says chief
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5992e20c-4f54-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sime Darby makes 1.1bn palm oil bidSime Darby makes £1.1bn bid for New Britain Palm Oil
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6d243edc-4f50-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hyderabad: Doused with kerosene and set on fire  11-year-old boy battles for life5
0
Hyderabad: An eleven-year-old boy was battling for life after he was apparently set on fire in the high security military area in Mehdipatnam on Wednesday, police said.
"The boy was found burnt after being doused with kerosene in the military area. He suffered 90 per cent burn injuries in the incident," ACP (Asifnagar division) D Srinivas said.
The boy was at first taken to a government hospital and then shifted to a private hospital after the incident which occurred at around 2.45 pm, he said. Hyderabad Police Commissioner M Mahender Reddy and other senior officers visited the spot, the ACP said, adding that investigation is underway as to who and how the boy was set on fire.
"A case has been registered in connection with the matter," the senior police officer said.
#hyderabad #mehdipatnam #hyderabad police
Additional forces were rushed to the spot, the ACP said when asked if tension prevailed in the area following the incident. "A case has been registered in connection with the matter," the senior police officer said but did not divulge under what sections and which Act the case was booked.
0

Nifty regains 7 900-mark amid positive global cuesMarket update: Sensex rises 390 points to one-week high on Federal Reserve meet
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 17:06 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Snapping a three-session losing streak, the BSE benchmark Sensex on Thursday surged by 390 points to close at over one-week high on handsome gains in bluechip stocks, BHEL and Hindalco, as US Federal Reserve signalled that there wouldn't be immediate rate hike.
Similarly, the 50-share NSE Nifty regained 7,900 level by rising 117.85 points or 1.5 per cent to its highest level in four days to 7,960.55.
Brokers said the trading sentiment bolstered on the release of minutes of meeting of US Federal Reserve, confirming interest rates would remain low, triggering all-round buying by funds and retail investors.
Globally, mixed closing in choppy trade on the other Asian markets and a higher opening of the European stocks, also influenced the sentiment, they added.
The benchmark BSE 30-share Sensex resumed in positive zone and gathered momentum to touch session's high of 26,688.70, before settling at 26,637.28 - a rise of 390.49 points, or 1.49 per cent. Previously, it had zoomed 480.92 points, or 1.81 per cent on September 18.
The gauge had lost over 383 points in the past three sessions.
Minutes from the Fed's September meeting showed policymakers cautious about rushing into rate hikes, and worried that the dollar is rising too fast.
Besides, appreciating rupee which strengthened to over two-week high to 60.96 (intra-day) against the dollar and easing global crude prices which fell to two-year low, too influenced sentiments, they added.
Buying was strong with all sectoral indices led by capital goods, realty, banking, power and metal ending in positive zone with gains of up to 3.01 per cent.
In the 30-Sensex constituents, 25 ended higher led by BHEL (8.37 per cent), Hindalco (6.01 per cent) and SBI (2.84 per cent), while five shares ended lower led by Wipro (down 0.83 per cent).
Sectorally, auto, bankex and consumer durables were the biggest gainers.
Mr. Jignesh Chaudhary, Head Of Research, Veracity Broking Services said," Equities traded strong for the day with the help of blue chip companies as Asian markets traded positively, with the regional index rising from its lowest level since May as yesterday Fed reserve in its minutes stated that the interest rate will remain near zero for the considerable time after it stops buying assets".
25 scrips out of 30-share sensex pack ended higher while five others finished lower.
Major gainers were BHEL (8.37 pct), Hindalco (6.01 pct) , SBI (2.84 pct), HDFC (2.68 pct), Icici Bank (2.64 pct), Larsen (2.58 pct), Tata Power (2.55 pct), Axis Bank (2.32 pct), Tata Steel (2.31 pct), HDFC Bank (2.25 pct), Tata Motors (1.95 pct), Reliance Industries (1.87 pct), Maruti (1.77 pct), Sun Pharma (1.70 pct), SSLT (1.69 pct), Gail (1.48 pct), Bharti Airtel (1.16 pct) and ONGC (1.13 pct).
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, consumer goods rose by 3.01 pct followed by Realty 2.61 pct, Bankex 2.51 pct, Power 2.25 pct, Metal 1.91 pct, Oil and Gas 1.34 pct and Auto 0.96 pct.
Mid-cap and Small-cap indices also rose by 1.83 pct and 1.59 pct respectively on fresh buying from retail investors.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 1,440.99 crore on Wednesday.
The total market breadth turned positive as 2,015 stocks closed higher while 932 finished lower. Total turnover dropped to Rs 2,665.52 crs from Rs 2,796.49 cr from Wednesday.

Micromax & Karbonn won t  Make in India  | Google to clock $1 bn revenue in IndiaMicromax & Karbonn not enthused about local manufacturing under Narendra Modi’s ‘Make in India’ project
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 10.14AM IST
Tags:
Karbonn
(Nidec, a Japanese manufacturer…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pet 'Make in India' project has so far attracted Rs 2,000 crore of investment proposals, but none from homegrown mobile handset companies who get their products manufactured in China.
"Most of the investment (proposals) are across automotive engineering and other electronic products" under the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (M-SIPS), a senior government official told ET. The programme seeks to promote large-scale manufacturing and attract domestic and global investments in the electronics manufacturing segment.
Nidec, a Japanese manufacturer of electric motors, is one such company that has recently made a proposal, this official said. He declined to provide other names.
Indian smartphone vendors such as Micromax and Karbonn are not enthused about local manufacturing, as they feel setting up facilities in the country without the entire ecosystem - such as supply of components - being available to them will harm their price competitiveness.
Meanwhile, the government is planning to tweak the special package scheme to further boost investment.
"One very strong feedback received was that the special incentives were released very late and this was hampering business," another government official said.
The government is planning to reduce the time span within which financial support is provided to investors.
"For instance, currently, under M-SIPS, the government releases the 25% it contributes towards a project after two years of the concerned company's investment," the second official said. The government is looking at releasing its support in shorter intervals of time.
The government is also considering extending the benefits of MSIPS for five more years and add more items for grant of incentives to meet the government target of bringing net imports to zero by 2020.
In a Cabinet note drafted by the Ministry of Communications and IT, reviewed by ET, the applicability for M-SIPS should be extended to 2020, from the earlier deadline of July 2015. The programme, first approved in 2012, provides for reimbursement of central taxes for select, technologyand capital-intensive products like chip manufacturing.
For other electronics manufacturing projects, it provides a subsidy of 20% on capital investment made in special economic zone and 25% in non-SEZ areas.
The proposal now is to include LED, solar cells, smart cards, nano-electronic components and many more for reimbursement of central taxes. There are also demands to cover consumer appliances like fully automatic washing machines, air conditioners, microwave ovens, refrigerators, multi-functional electronic devices, Internet of Things products and capital equipment for electronic manufacturing under the 20-25% subsidy scheme.
The government is planning to reduce the minimum investment limit to qualify for the programme by up to 90% to Rs 10 crore, from Rs 100 crore.
However, smartphone vendors say these government steps alone won't make them consider local manufacturing. "It will take much more than just monetary support to set up a base in the country," a senior executive of a smartphone vendor told ET.
"Nothing is yet available to us here. In China, while designing a phone, for each component we can chose from several options. The cells, cameras, plastic and the metallic body to name a few." Modi recently launched the Make in India campaign to make India a manufacturing hub to help boost jobs and growth.
India imports electronics goods worth $100 billion a year. This bill is expected to cross $400 billion by 2020 unless India starts manufacturing locally.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ebola: India among top 5 financial contributorsYou are here: Home > Collections > India
India among top 5 financial contributors to Ebola response
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 10.19AM IST
Tags:
Ebola
(The US with $ 113.8 million…)
WASHINGTON: India is among the top five contributers to the UN Ebola response with a contribution of $ 12.5 million, according to a fact sheet released by US Secretary of State John Kerry here.
The US with $ 113.8 million tops the list to the UN Ebola response. It is followed by the European Union ($ 55.5 million), Canada ($ 31.9 million), Netherlands (21 million) and India with $ 12.5 million.
At a joint news conference with his British counterpart Philip Hammond, Kerry lamented that not (rpt) not many nations have contributed to this global effort to fight the deadly disease.
The UN has identified $ 1 billion in urgent needs, he said. "The World Bank has put in 22 per cent. The USA has put in 11 per cent. Private sector, 10 per cent," he said.
The fact sheet presented by him showed that India has contributed a little over one per cent to this.
"The fact is more countries can and must step up in order to make their contributions felt, and this chart tells the story. Those are not enough countries to make the difference to be able to deal with this crisis," he said in his presentation.
The UN, he said, is falling short of $ 300 million. Experts say Ebola is transmitted by close contact with the bodily fluids of a person who is showing symptoms of infection such as fever, aches, vomiting and diarrhea, or who has recently died of the hemorrhagic virus.
The world's largest outbreak of Ebola has killed 3,865 people out of 8,033 infected so far this year, according to the WHO's latest count.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyclone  Hudhud  to Hit Andhra Coast by 12 October  May Skip OdishaCyclone  Hudhud  to Hit Andhra Coast by 12 October  May Skip Odisha
No question of joining with Congress again:Sharad PawarThere is no question of joining with Congress again, says Sharad Pawar
Krishna Kumar, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 01.47AM IST
Tags:
Ajit Pawar
NCP chief Sharad Pawar and MNS president Raj Thackeray in separate, exclusive, interviews with Rajesh Ramachandran and Krishna Kumar speak about the alleged conspiracy behind the BJP-Shiv Sena breakup. While Pawar rules out any truck with Congress, Raj insists that NCP and BJP will soon be together ( Read interview ). Excerpts of interview with Sharad Pawar:
In your last interview to ET in April, you had predicted that Rajnath Singh would be the PM and had said there was no Modi wave. Do you still maintain that there is no Modi wave?
I don't know. I cannot say whether there is a Modi wave or not. There is a vast difference between this time and last time. Public meetings of the Prime Minister are very well organized by his party. But the kind of response that we had seen previously — the conversation between the masses and the leader — I don't see that now, except in one or two places. For the first time in Maharashtra, everybody is contesting separately, BJP, Shiv Sena, Congress and NCP. This is an opportunity for every party to asses its strength and stature in every corner of the state.
So, you don't find a Modi wave on the ground right now?
I can't say that. The performance of the Modi government in the last few days and the commitments they made and actually what has happened in the country, I don't think they (BJP) will get the same response. In UP, in the Lok Sabha polls, almost all the seats had gone to BJP. But in the Vidhan Sabha by-polls BJP lost eight out of nine seats. That means people are definitely changing their thinking. They are going away from BJP.
Did people vote for Modi only to drive out Congress-led UPA in the LS polls?
This was the first election where both the fronts, NDA and UPA, projected — UPA may not have done it officially — their PM candidates, Narendra Modi and Rahul Gandhi. These two leaders faced the nation and ultimately the people took a decision based on what the leaders were saying. People preferred Modi.
Do you think that Rahul Gandhi was not an ideal choice for PM candidate?
How can I say that? It is the misfortunate decision of another party. They can select anybody. It is their decision.
Is there an anti-incumbency factor working against NCP in assembly polls over irrigation scam and other allegations of corruption?
They have been continuously attacking us. What is there in irrigation? They said there is not a single acreage added. Globally, the highest number of irrigation projects are in India and within the country, the highest number is in Maharashtra. A number of irrigation projects have been completed in the last 15 years since this government came to power. There was a Supreme Court decision on water dispute between Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Karanataka that whatever water cannot be stored by a state will be distributed to the other states. So, a conscious decision was taken by the government 25 years ago to construct dams first to store the water and to forget about the canals.
So, priority was given for the construction of dams. Now, the process of acquisition of land for canals has started. These projects were delayed for 25-30 years, so the cost of land has escalated. I can give you the example of the Sardar Sarovar project in Gujarat that has been going on for 35 years. Then the cost was estimated at Rs 6,000 crore, today it is Rs 36,000 crore. Should I say it is a scam? I will not say that because I know the cost has gone up.
The Opposition also knows it, but deliberately they are making allegations to create confusion. We have been ruling for 15 years and in every election, people do think about change. So, it is good that NCP, Congress, Shiv Sena and BJP are contesting separately. People will realize who has done good work in their respective constituencies and will take a view.
So this election is a contest at the constituency level?
That's right.
Why do Ajit Pawar and Prithviraj Chavan attack each other viciously?
Pawar was leading my party and its ministers in the cabinet. The NCP ministers were very unhappy with Chavan. In fact, we have worked with Vilasrao Deshmukh, Sushil Shinde and Ashok Chavan, and there were no problems. In eleven out of 15 years, my ministers worked with Congress chief ministers and there was no dispute. Unfortunately, this time we have seen the decisionmaking process was slow. I will give you the example of the (Worli-Bandra) Sea Link. This was completed about 7-8 years ago. That department is with my party. My minister (Jaydutt) Kshirsagar kept on insisting with the CM and the cabinet that only half the work was done and that we have to go up to Nariman Point. But no decision was taken. So, unhappiness was there because of the delay in the decision-making process.
But Chavan had hinted that he was holding up only "personal files"?
Sea Link is not a personal file. We were only insisting on public projects. There is no question about personal files.

Rupee Touches 2-Week High of 61.05 Per DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Touches High of 60.91 Per Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 14:05 (IST)
The rupee is trading below the psychological 61 mark at 60.95 versus Wednesday's close of 61.3950/4050 following dovish Fed comments. Rupee touched a high of 60.91 per dollar during the session.
Fed's September meeting minutes released late on Wednesday suggest it is in no hurry to raise rates.
Almost all Asian currencies trading stronger versus the dollar.
Shares to be monitored for clues on foreign fund flows.
Nifty is trading over 1 per cent higher.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Why Rupee  Gold Prices Have Jumped TodayYou are here: Home Market
Rupee, Gold, Stocks Climb on Fed Minutes
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
One night can make a sea change of difference to the world of finance. On Wednesday, the Sensex fell for the third straight day to its lowest closing in nearly two months. The Nifty breached its crucial support of 7,840 in intraday trade and bears were hoping to make a comeback. The rupee was struggling around 61.50 per dollar, the lower end of its 58-62 range.
However, the Federal Reserve's minutes of its September 16-17 meeting, released overnight, seem to have completely changed the sentiments across the globe. The Dow Jones in the US witnessed its best day of the year as expectations of an early hike in US interest rates eased. The dollar lost traction leading to a global rally in risk assets and currencies. ( Read the full story here )
Here's your 10-point cheat-sheet to understand the latest developments,
1) The US Fed wants to hike interest rates, starting next year, because its domestic economy is improving. Wednesday's minutes, however, indicate that policymakers in the US are worried about the threats that a rising dollar and slowing global economy pose.
2) A rising dollar threatens Fed's 2 per cent inflation target for the US economy. That's because a strong currency is good for imports and hurts exports, thereby impacting the productivity of the domestic economy. It will also contribute to the US' current account deficit. The Fed is targeting higher inflation in the US to ensure higher prices and wages, which are signs of a robust economy.
3) A tightening of rates in the US will also adversely impact the global economy as funds will flow out from many countries into the US. This could exacerbate slowdown in Europe, Japan and China - economies that are vital for US exports.
4) The first impact of US Fed Minutes was felt on bonds. Bond prices rallied because they move opposite to rates. As a result, yields on the benchmark 10-year note fell to its lowest in more than a year.
5) The US dollar, which had gained sharply over the last three months on hopes of higher interest rates in the US, slipped to a two-week low against a basket of currencies. This was welcome news for other currencies like the euro and the India rupee, which closely tracks the euro.
6) The rupee hit over two-week high of 60.91 per dollar in intraday trade. The Japanese yen and most other emerging market currencies traded higher against the dollar. ( Read )
7) The weakness in dollar lifted commodity prices across the globe. Commodities are priced in dollars, so when the dollar falls, less of domestic currency is needed to buy the same commodity. This leads to higher demand and consequently lifts commodity prices. ( Read more )
8) US gold futures jumped over 1 per cent to $1,224.30 - also close to a two-week peak, while silver futures rose nearly 2 per cent. Prices of most actively traded December contract in gold rose Rs 170 per 10 gram in India.
9) Brent crude futures also rebounded from a 27-month low hit in the previous session and held steady above $91 a barrel on Thursday.
10) Finally, stock prices surged. The Sensex jumped as much as 440 points (over 1.5 per cent) and the Nifty ended at 7,960 after rising 118 points as fears of overseas investments (FIIs) moving out of country receded. ( Read )
(With inputs from Reuters)

HTC RE Camera: A waterproof  16-megapixel external camera that you can control with your phone39
2
New Delhi: HTC, alongside the Desire Eye selfie smartphone, has also launched a little camera, which the company claims is its newest photography innovation. It has a cylindrical design which is believed to fit comfortably in your hand.
The RE features a built-in grip sensor that instantly activates the camera on pick up, eliminating the need for a power button. Its single shutter button allows one tap to capture photos and a longer press for video recording.
ALSO SEE HTC Desire Eye: HTC's selfie-focused smartphone with a 13MP front camera launched
The new camera features a 16 megapixel CMOS sensor, Full HD (1080p) video recording, 146 degree wide-angle lens and slow-motion and time lapse recording. Its waterproof construction lets you shoot up to 1 metre underwater.
The RE features a built-in grip sensor that instantly activates the camera on pick up, eliminating the need for a power button.
#htc #htc re camera #external camera #htc desire eye
The RE app features a remote live viewfinder that lets you set up the perfect shot and watch the live action on the screen of your mobile device, or switch to album and playback view to flick through the shots and videos already stored on the camera.
The app will also back everything up to your phone or the cloud automatically so you need not to worry about running out of space. HTC says the Re will also offer real-time video streaming to YouTube. The RE app will be available on both Android and iOS.
The RE camera will be available in the US from late October and will then be rolled out to other regions.
Your browser does not support the video tag.
380

Narendra Modi govt vows goodies galore for all in Haryana Assembly pollsNarendra Modi govt vows goodies galore for all in Haryana Assembly polls
Ericsson inks 4G network deal with Bharti Ai...Ericsson inks 4G network deal with Bharti Airtel; pockets 2 deals from Idea Cellular
Danish Khan, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 11.53AM IST
(Ericsson didn’t give…)
NEW DELHI: Ericsson Tuesday said that it has inked a 4G network deal with Bharti Airtel, while people familiar with the matter added the Swedish telecom gear maker has also signed some other deals with India's No. 1 carrier and No. 3 operator Idea Cellular.
Ericsson didn't give further details of the deal on 4G, a technology which is in its infancy in India. Only Reliance Jio Infocomm has a pan-India license to offer 4G on the 2300 Mhz band (TDD-LTE standard), but it hasn't launched services so far. Bharti Airtel and Aircel have launched services in a few cities on that band.
Jio and Airtel, apart from some other telcos such as Vodafone India and Idea, won spectrum in the 1800 Mhz band in the recent February auctions, which can also be used for 4G on the FDD-LTE technology in future which has a wider global acceptance than the TDD-LTE standard.
The people in the know said that the separate one-year deal between Ericsson and Airtel is for the former to provide its prepaid self-care solutions to the latter.
The deal covers Bharti Airtel's Night Store, a first of its kind store that enables customers to buy value for money offers on their prepaid mobile for internet usage and local calling at night (12 midnight to 6 am).
Airtel's Night Store is available in Himachal Pradesh, Delhi, Chennai, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Mumbai, Tamil Nadu, UP (West), J&K, West Bengal, Bihar, Rajasthan, North East, Assam telecom circles. Ericsson had already bagged a five-year deal from Vodafone India for managing pre-paid charging system for the company's nearly 75 million customers spread across five key circles.
The world's largest network equipment maker has also bagged two other deals from Aditya Birla Group company Idea Cellular. One of the people said that Idea has selected Ericsson for real-time charging for its postpaid subscriber base. The telco has also awarded an Evolved IP Network (EIN) solutions data charging deal to Ericsson.
Ericsson's EIN solution delivers subscriber broadband services, such as triple-play, 2G/3G/4G and Wi-Fi over a unified IP transport using VPNs. The solution was originally launched in February this year.
As compared to Ericsson's deals, Nokia Networks bagged a dozen deals with major Indian operators during the first half of 2014, against 16 signed last year.
ET had earlier reported that the Helsinki-based Nokia has received a security solution contract from Reliance Jio Infocomm and a network expansion contract from Uninor.
Nokia Networks' major deals were primarily on 2G, 3G, managed services and upgrading of old telecom networks to modern internet protocol based networks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hindalco spikes 6% as Alcoa beats Q3 earnings estimatesOct 09, 2014, 11.41 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hindalco spikes 6% as Alcoa beats Q3 earnings estimates
Pittsburgh-based Alcoa (Aluminum Company of America), a global leader in lightweight metals technology, engineering and manufacturing, has reported a revenue of USD 6.2 billion, up 7 percent sequentially and up 8 percent from prior year period. Analysts had expected revenue of around USD 5.9 billion.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hindalco spikes 6% as Alcoa beats Q3 earnings estimates
Pittsburgh-based Alcoa (Aluminum Company of America), a global leader in lightweight metals technology, engineering and manufacturing, has reported a revenue of USD 6.2 billion, up 7 percent sequentially and up 8 percent from prior year period. Analysts had expected revenue of around USD 5.9 billion.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors lapped up huge shares of  Hindalco Industries on Thursday on hopes of strong numbers in second quarter after its global rival Alcoa posted better-than-expected earnings in September quarter. The stock gained as much as 6 percent intraday.
Hindalco, the metals flagship company of the Aditya Birla Group is the world's largest aluminium rolling company and one of the biggest producers of primary aluminium in Asia.
Pittsburgh-based Alcoa (Aluminum Company of America), a global leader in lightweight metals technology, engineering and manufacturing, has reported a revenue of USD 6.2 billion, up 7 percent sequentially and up 8 percent from prior year period. Analysts had expected revenue of around USD 5.9 billion.
Nearly half of the year-over-year revenue improvement resulted from organic growth, said the company, adding favorable metal pricing and higher energy sales also contributed to revenues.
"Downstream business again achieved historically high profitability, the midstream maintained disciplined cost control while capturing growth, and primary metals performed at levels not seen since before the downturn. This strong quarter is the direct result of intense focus on repositioning portfolio," said Klaus Kleinfeld, Alcoa chairman and chief executive officer.
Net income of the company increased 71 percent sequentially and 208 percent year-on-year to USD 370 million or USD 0.31 per share, led by strong productivity and pricing.
Additionally, Alcoa reaffirmed its 7 percent global aluminum demand growth projection for 2014. The company sees a global aluminum deficit of 671,000 metric tons in 2014 and a further tightening of the alumina market, with a surplus declining to 389,000 metric tons from 824,000 metric tons in second quarter 2014.
At 11:34 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 156.35, up Rs 7.55, or 5.07 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Sunflag receives demand notice in coal caseSunflag receives demand notice in coal case
Cipla signs pact with Teva for selling drugs...You are here: Home > Collections
Cipla signs pact with Teva Pharmaceuticals for selling drugs in South Africa
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 12.52PM IST
Tags:
Cipla
(The collaboration will…)
NEW DELHI: Drugmaker Cipla today announced a collaboration with Israel's Teva Pharmaceuticals for sales and distribution of the latter's drugs in South Africa.
The agreement is between Medpro Pharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of Cipla Medpro and Teva Pharmaceuticals pty, an affiliate of Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries, the company said in a filing to the BSE.
"The collaboration is a sales and distribution agreement whereby Cipla Medpro will exclusively market Teva's broad pharmaceutical product portfolio in South Africa ," it said.
Commenting on the partnership, Cipla Medpro CEO Paul Miller said: "This collaboration is highly complementary and aligns strongly with our philosophy of providing South Africans access to a broader range of affordable medicines."
The collaboration will focus on oncology, central nervous system, women's health, cardiovascular, ophthalmology and other speciality products.
Cipla Ltd Managing Director and Global CEO Subhanu Saxena said: "Cipla believes that the collaboration with Teva reaffirms its commitment to advancing healthcare to all South Africans."
The company, however, said the partnership is subject to approval by the Competition Commission of South Africa.
Last year, Cipla took full control of Cipla Medpro, following completion of Rs 2,707 crore buyout process.
Shares of Cipla Ltd were trading 2.62 per cent up at Rs 600.65 per scrip during afternoon trade on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

$100 bn foreign investments knocking at Ind...Adani Group
("$100 billion investments…)
INDORE: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said $100 billion worth of foreign investments is knocking at the doors of India and it is up to the states to lap up as much as they can.
Describing his 'Make In India' initiative a "win-win" proposition, Modi said the foreign investors should not treat India merely as a market, but should focus on turning it to a manufacturing hub with a view to increase the purchasing power of Indians.
"$100 billion investments from Japan, China and America have applied for visa. Now it is turn of the states to capitalise on the opportunity. The roads are wide open. The states which are ready can walk away with major share," he said while inaugurating the Global Investors' Summit here.
The meeting is being attended by industry bigwigs including RIL chief Mukesh Ambani , ADAG's Anil Ambani , Adani Group head Gautam Adani and Tata Group chief Cyrus Mistry .
In the last couple of months, the Prime Minister has visited Japan and the US and launched the Make in India campaign to lure foreign investments into manufacturing sector.
"When we talk about Make in India, then we want to create confidence in the world that there is a huge investment possibility in India. Please do not consider India only as a market.... dump goods, sell them and make profits.
"I tell the World, do not confine yourself to this. If India does not prosper, then its purchasing power will not increase. If India's purchasing power do not increase, then the dream to see India as a market will remain a distant dream," Modi said.
The focus of the government, he said, is to generate employment by encouraging agriculture, manufacturing and services sector.
The Prime Minister said states should rise above narrow political considerations on development agenda and Centre will extend all possible assistance to them
FEATURED ARTICLES

Escorts implements VRS; 350 employees leave coEscorts implements VRS; 350 employees leave company
By PTI | 9 Oct, 2014, 12.36PM IST
Tweet
Escorts Ltd today announced implementation of a VRS as part of its organisational restructuring under which 350 employees have exited the company.
NEW DELHI: Farm equipment major Escorts Ltd today announced implementation of a voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) as part of its organisational restructuring under which 350 employees have exited the company.
"With an operational focus on improving business performance, Escorts Ltd has successfully implemented group-wide future-oriented VRS, aimed particularly at restructuring Escorts Auto Products," the company said in a statement.
The exercise will cost around Rs 30 crore and will have a payback of two years. The one time impact will be reflected in the company's Q2 results. The exercise was closed within 30 days, it added.
"This largest-ever VRS at Escorts was availed by 350 employees and will enable greater efficiencies and productivity due to rationalisation of deployment," the company said.
Commenting on the development, Escorts Executive Vice President (HR & ER) Ishan Mehta said: "Our VRS offer was part of an overall group-wide strategic initiative to make Escorts leaner and smarter organisation. Through this, we have sought to become even more focused on productivity and improve our organisational efficiencies."
Escorts Auto Products CEO Dipankar Ghosh said the firm embarked on programmes that focused on 'lean' management and consolidation of manufacturing facilities to create more profitable production methods.
The company has also engaged with chosen prospective partners for technology infusion to tap into larger opportunities available within the auto sector, he added.
"I am sure these initiatives will enable EAP to target higher  market share by offering its high-end products to domestic as well as international markets," Ghosh said.
Escorts Auto Products is among the leading manufacturers of auto suspension products, including shock absorbers, struts and telescopic front forks.
Shares of Escorts Ltd were trading 4.66 per cent up at Rs 159.40 per scrip during mid-day trade on the BSE.
YOU MAY ALSO BE INTERESTED IN

N Brown shares drop after profit warningAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

EPFO settles over 12 lakh claims in SeptEPFO settles over 12 lakh claims in Sept
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct. 9:  
Retirement fund EPFO said it had settled 12.28 lakh claims in September, 2014, with most of these settled within 10 days.
“With this, the total number of claims settled in the current fiscal has risen to 66.11 lakh. Also, by the end of September, EPFO was able to compile annual accounts in respect of 97.7 per cent of its accounts workload,” it said in a release.
The process of allocating the Universal Account Number (UAN) in full swing, said the Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO), adding that so far 3.67 crore KYC records had been collected.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Telangana to set up tribal museum in honour of Komaram BheemTelangana to set up tribal museum in honour of Komaram Bheem
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 9:  
The Telangana State Government has sanctioned and released Rs 25 crore to establish a tribal museum and memorial in honour of Komaram Bheem, a Gond tribal leader from Adilabad district.
Komaram Bheem, who opposed the diktats of the Nizam rulers of Hyderabad and died at the young age of 40, finally gets due recognition from the new Telangana Government.
The musuem and memorial will be set up at Jodeghat in Adilabad district, where he was born in the early part of the 20th century. In 2009, a decision was taken by the then Cong(I) Government in united AP to erect a statue of the leader on Tank Bund in Hyderabad.
The Chief Minister, K Chandrasekhara Rao, while participating in Komaram Bheem Martyrdom anniversary on Wednesday had announced that the government would develop the museum and memorial.
The tribal leader, who died at 40 fought the Asaf Jahi rulers of Hyderabad. He gave the slogan 'Jal, Jungle, Jameen' ( water, forests, land) to highlight the rights of the people living in forests for the rights on forest resources.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

CAT registration window to open for a dayCAT registration window to open for a day
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
Taking into account multiple requests from aspirants, IIM Indore has decided to allow application submissions for CAT 2014 for one more day. Fresh on-line registration for CAT will be allowed on Friday, October 10, 2014, from 00:00 hours to 23:59 hours.
Many applicants had failed to register for the examination on September 30, owing to technical glitches.
The number of applicants for CAT this year are expected to increase further from 1.9 lakh, after the registration on October 10 opens. Last year the total number of registration for CAT 2013 was 1.95 lakh, whereas, 1.71 lakh wrote the test.
CAT will be held on November 16 and 22 across 99 cities at 354 examination centres in four sessions this year. The result will be declared in the third week of December.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Firms in Russia serfs to Putin  warns ex-aideBusinessmen are ‘serfs’ in Putin’s Russia, warns Sergei Pugachev
By Catherine Belton and Neil Buckley in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab541ee8-4e4c-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Delhi Metro gets Rs 467-crore infra boostDelhi Metro gets infrastructure boost worth Rs 467 crore
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 13:53 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
In a bid to fillip the Phase III construction of the Delhi Metro , the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has invested Rs 467.12 crore in Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) for the projects.
The loan amount sanctioned by JICA was conveyed to DMRC by the Ministry of Urban Development.
"The amount has been released to DMRC for meeting the cost of MRTS Phase-3 projects," said an official of urban development ministry.
"The amount is placed at the disposal of DMRC to meet the expenditure under 'Pass through Assistance' against loan agreement for Delhi MRTS Phase III between JICA and President of India for an amount not exceeding Japanese Yen 1,27,917 million, as principle.
The interest payable by the Government of India is 1.4 per cent per annum on the principle disbursed and outstanding, which may vary from time to time," said the official.
He also said that a total amount of Rs 19,166.47 crore had been released earlier to DMRC by the ministry. "Since the loan from JICA is available only on reimbursement basis, DMRC is required to regularly file reimbursement claims in regard to the expenditure incurred for making payments to agencies," the official said.

Top 5 reasons why Sensex surged nearly 400 pointsYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends 390 points up; top 5 reasons why today's rally is sustainable
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 03.50PM IST
(All the sectoral indices…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty bounced back after three days of decline and closed above 7,950 as sentiment turned bullish in global markets as the US Federal Reserve's indicated interest rates will not be hiked earlier than expected.
The Sensex ended the day at 26,637.28; up 390.49 points.
The Nifty shut shop at 7,960.55; up 117.85 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index rallied 1.82 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index surged 1.54 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 3.01 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex was 2.41 per cent higher, the S&P BSE Power Index advanced 2.25 per cent and the S&P BSE Metal Index advanced 1.76 per cent.
BHEL (up 8.16 per cent), Hindalco (up 5.51 per cent), Zee Entertainment (up 5.10 per cent), Ambuja Cements (up 3.89 per cent) and Punjab National Bank (up 3.33 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Tech Mahindra (2.55 per cent), Jindal Steel (0.60 per cent), NMDC (0.56 per cent), NTPC (0.49 per cent) and Wipro (0.48 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 923 gainers against 217 losers.
(All figures except for Sensex and Nifty are provisional)
Market analysts say looking at today's gains, it appears the pull-back move may last in the near term.
Following are five reasons why today's rally could be sustainable, at least in the near term:
Dovish stance of the US Fed: The US Federal Reserve officials today stressed that the interest rates hike will take some time. According to analysts, the US Federal Reserv''s comments appear to be dovish.
According to reports, officials at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting were wary of strengthening dollar amid weak eurozone, slowdown in China and Japan and elevated geopolitical risks.
'Easy money' has been entering the Indian markets due to low interest rates in the US. This trend saw a reversal following the indication of a rate hike.
It appears that as long as low interest rates continue, inflows will continue in the India. "It certainly helps the sentiment of the markets. The Fed has used every opportunity to change the rules and they would like to keep the rates low for as long as possible. But they also have to remember that the composition of the FOMC in 2015 will be a lot more dovish than it was this year. There will be a few changes there. So the first interest rate hike will come later rather than sooner," said Hans Goetti, Head of Investment-Asia, Banque Internationale a Luxembourg (BIL) to ET Now.
Sharp decline in crude oil prices: A sharp spike in the US dollar index has led to a sharp correction in the global commodity prices. Crude oil is in a bear market and fell to a 27-month low due to a strong dollar. This is a positive for the Indian economy. India's major import is crude oil prices.
Lower crude oil prices not only help in improving India's current account deficit, but at the same time take care of subsidy burden on oil marketing and fertilizers companies. It also helps in taming inflation and bringing in RBI's target range.
"The recent fall in global commodity prices provides an opportunity to contain inflationary expectations. The fall in the crude prices is a silver lining for the Indian markets in terms of reducing oil subsidies and import bill," said Dipen Shah Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Other metal commodities have also declined recently on concerns of a slowdown in China. This is likely to help Indian manufacturing companies as it will lower their raw material costs.
Stable Indian rupee: The US dollar has appreciated by almost 10 per cent against the Euro, 7.5 per cent against the Japanese Yen and 5 per cent + against Pound in the last five months.
Yet, the Indian rupee has shown quite a bit of resilience and has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent in the same period.
"Oil prices have dropped by nearly 15 per cent whereas the rupee has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent, giving a huge cost saving of nearly 12.5 per cent on the largest import bill for the country," said Sachin Shah- Fund Manager, Emkay Investment Managers.
Pre-emptive steps by the central bank have helped the Indian currency from a steep fall. There have been reports of RBI's intervention to prevent the rupee from slipping below 62 per dollar. According to analysts, it looks unlikely that the rupee will fall below 63 per dollar till next financial year.
IMF forecasts higher GDP growth for India: The International Monetary Fund has cut global growth forecast and that for emerging market economies as a whole. The IMF expects global economy to grow by 3.8 per cent next year, lower than its July forecast of 4 per cent. However, IMF has raised India's growth forecast to 5.6 per cent for 2014 from 5.4 per cent earlier.

Top 5 reasons why Sensex surged about 400 points | 20 trading ideasYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends 390 points up; top 5 reasons why today's rally is sustainable
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 03.50PM IST
(All the sectoral indices…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty bounced back after three days of decline and closed above 7,950 as sentiment turned bullish in global markets as the US Federal Reserve's indicated interest rates will not be hiked earlier than expected.
The Sensex ended the day at 26,637.28; up 390.49 points.
The Nifty shut shop at 7,960.55; up 117.85 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index rallied 1.82 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index surged 1.54 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 3.01 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex was 2.41 per cent higher, the S&P BSE Power Index advanced 2.25 per cent and the S&P BSE Metal Index advanced 1.76 per cent.
BHEL (up 8.16 per cent), Hindalco (up 5.51 per cent), Zee Entertainment (up 5.10 per cent), Ambuja Cements (up 3.89 per cent) and Punjab National Bank (up 3.33 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Tech Mahindra (2.55 per cent), Jindal Steel (0.60 per cent), NMDC (0.56 per cent), NTPC (0.49 per cent) and Wipro (0.48 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 923 gainers against 217 losers.
(All figures except for Sensex and Nifty are provisional)
Market analysts say looking at today's gains, it appears the pull-back move may last in the near term.
Following are five reasons why today's rally could be sustainable, at least in the near term:
Dovish stance of the US Fed: The US Federal Reserve officials today stressed that the interest rates hike will take some time. According to analysts, the US Federal Reserv''s comments appear to be dovish.
According to reports, officials at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting were wary of strengthening dollar amid weak eurozone, slowdown in China and Japan and elevated geopolitical risks.
'Easy money' has been entering the Indian markets due to low interest rates in the US. This trend saw a reversal following the indication of a rate hike.
It appears that as long as low interest rates continue, inflows will continue in the India. "It certainly helps the sentiment of the markets. The Fed has used every opportunity to change the rules and they would like to keep the rates low for as long as possible. But they also have to remember that the composition of the FOMC in 2015 will be a lot more dovish than it was this year. There will be a few changes there. So the first interest rate hike will come later rather than sooner," said Hans Goetti, Head of Investment-Asia, Banque Internationale a Luxembourg (BIL) to ET Now.
Sharp decline in crude oil prices: A sharp spike in the US dollar index has led to a sharp correction in the global commodity prices. Crude oil is in a bear market and fell to a 27-month low due to a strong dollar. This is a positive for the Indian economy. India's major import is crude oil prices.
Lower crude oil prices not only help in improving India's current account deficit, but at the same time take care of subsidy burden on oil marketing and fertilizers companies. It also helps in taming inflation and bringing in RBI's target range.
"The recent fall in global commodity prices provides an opportunity to contain inflationary expectations. The fall in the crude prices is a silver lining for the Indian markets in terms of reducing oil subsidies and import bill," said Dipen Shah Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Other metal commodities have also declined recently on concerns of a slowdown in China. This is likely to help Indian manufacturing companies as it will lower their raw material costs.
Stable Indian rupee: The US dollar has appreciated by almost 10 per cent against the Euro, 7.5 per cent against the Japanese Yen and 5 per cent + against Pound in the last five months.
Yet, the Indian rupee has shown quite a bit of resilience and has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent in the same period.
"Oil prices have dropped by nearly 15 per cent whereas the rupee has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent, giving a huge cost saving of nearly 12.5 per cent on the largest import bill for the country," said Sachin Shah- Fund Manager, Emkay Investment Managers.
Pre-emptive steps by the central bank have helped the Indian currency from a steep fall. There have been reports of RBI's intervention to prevent the rupee from slipping below 62 per dollar. According to analysts, it looks unlikely that the rupee will fall below 63 per dollar till next financial year.
IMF forecasts higher GDP growth for India: The International Monetary Fund has cut global growth forecast and that for emerging market economies as a whole. The IMF expects global economy to grow by 3.8 per cent next year, lower than its July forecast of 4 per cent. However, IMF has raised India's growth forecast to 5.6 per cent for 2014 from 5.4 per cent earlier.

Re surges 49 paise vs $ to hit day s high of 60.91You are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Rupee ends day at 61.05 versus US dollar
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 05.03PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Extending its rising streak…)
MUMBAI: The rupee closed the day at 61.09 against the US greenback, after gaining 50 paise to 60.90 per dollar in intraday trade. This was on the back of persistent selling of the American unit by banks and exporters amid bearish dollar overseas and rallying domestic equities.
The rupee had resumed higher at 61.13 per dollar as against yesterday's closing level of 61.40 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange ( Forex ).
In the New York market, the US dollar languished at a two-week low against its major rivals in early trade, having fallen for a third straight session minutes after the US Federal Reserve's last policy meeting which prompted markets to push out the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nine get life in Shaheed Bava lynching caseUpdated: October 9, 2014 13:41 IST
Nine get life in Shaheed Bava lynching case
Biju Govind
The Hindu In this October 8, 2014 photo, first accused Abdurahiman comes out of the court in Kozhikode after he and eight others were found guilty in the Shaheed Bava lynching case. Photo: S. Ramesh Kurup
TOPICS
murder
A special court is trying the case of moral policing for the first time in the State.
The Special Additional Sessions Court (Marad cases) in Kozhikode on Thursday awarded life imprisonment and imposed ranging between Rs. 15,000 and Rs. 25,000 to nine accused in the case of a vigilante group lynching a youth at Kodiyathur, near Mukkom in Kozhikode in 2011.
The case relates to 15 persons beating up Shaheed Bava, 27, with sticks and iron rods, after tying his hands and legs to an electric post, at night on November 9, 2011, for having an affair with a married woman at Kodiyathur. He succumbed to his injuries in a private hospital in the city on November 13.
The special judge S. Krishnakumar had on Wednesday found Abdurahiman, aka Cheriyappa (first accused); Abdul Kareem (third accused); Abdul Naser, aka Auto Naser (fourth); Fayas Aboobacker (fifth); Najid Hyder (sixth); Rashid Abdurahiman (eighth); Hijas Rahman, aka Katta (ninth); Muhammed Hamsheer, aka Pala Jamsheer (10); and Shahul Hameed (11) guilty under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
The court found the first, third, fifth, sixth, eighth, ninth, 10th, and 11 accused guilty under Section 302 (murder), 143 (unlawful assembly), 147 (rioting), 148 (rioting, armed with weapons), 149 (every member of unlawful assembly guilty of common in prosecution of object) and 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty), while the fourth, fifth, sixth, eighth, ninth, 10 and 11 accused were guilty under Section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of 302 of the IPC.
The court also ordered that an amount of Rs. 2 lakh obtained as penalty from the accused should be compensated to the father of Bava. A special court is trying the case of moral policing for the first time in the State.
The court also acquitted five of the accused, namely Muhammed Salim (second accused), Irshad Kuyyil (seventh), Jaffer aka Bichutta (12th), E. Ayoob (13th) and K. Murshid (14th) as the prosecution failed to prove the charges against them. Another accused, A. Fayaz, who fled to Saudi Arabia after the incident, is still at large.
As many as 28 material objects, including mobile phones, steel rods, and wooden planks, and 116 documents were examined by the court.
Telephone call details of the accused with a pictorial representation submitted by investigators for establishing the conspiracy theory were also verified.

Buy US$/INR Oct; target of 61.59-61.75: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy US$/INR Oct; target of 61.59-61.75: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com expects the US dollar to garner buying support on declines against the rupee. One can utilise declines in the US$/INR October contract to buy for the target of 61.59-61.75, says the report.
Post your opinion here
ICICIdirect.com's report on currency
Forex (US$/INR)
The rupee gained for a third straight session on Wednesday, largely on the back of heavy foreign fund buying of domestic debt while the International Monetary Fund's upward revision in the country's growth outlook also aided sentiments
The Indian currency ended the day at 61.40, up 0.05% from its previous close of 61.43
The dollar index against six major currencies closed at 85.32, down 0.41% from its previous close of 85.67
US$/INR derivatives strategy: Buy October contract
In the currency futures market, the most traded dollar-rupee October contract on the NSE closed at 61.68. The October contract open interest was down 2.98% from the previous day
November contract open interest was up 10.42% from the previous day
We expect the US dollar to garner buying support on declines against the rupee. Utilise declines in the US$/INR October contract to buy
Intra-day strategy
US$/ INR Oct futures contract (NSE)
View: Bullish on US$
Buy US$INR in the range of 61.34-61.44
Market Lot: US$1000

Global money worth $100bn tracks India via MSCI EM IndexLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Global money worth $100bn tracks India via MSCI EM Index'
MSCI Index gives high weightage to investible surplus and float, says Deborah Yang, Head of Index Business, EMEA & India Region, MSCI.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
In an interview to CNBC-TV18 Deborah Yang, Head of Index Business, EMEA & India Region, MSCI said MSCI India Index has been one of top performing indices. She further added that the MSCI Index has become a guide for international investors and globally USD 9 trillion worth of money tracks the index. Also, USD 100 billion worth of global money tracks India via MSCI Emerging Market Index .
Also Read: FII selling in cash market a worrying sign, says Nomura
Below is the verbatim transcript of Deborah Yang’s interview with Anuj Singhal and Ekta Batra on CNBC-TV18.
Anuj: I believe MSCI completes 10 years in India and that brings you to India but the question on top of my mind is that we keep talking about the MSCI India index and the kind of money that follows the MSCI India index. Can you quantify what kind of money actually follows MSCI indices and what geographies and what kind of money is riding on some of these MSCI indices?
A: Over USD 9 trillion follow MSCI global indexes and of that amount about USD 1.4 trillion follow MSCI emerging markets. India is actually 7 percent of that weight. So, a USD 100 billion track MSCI India through the emerging market index and that is used by global investors, some domestic investors basically from US, Asia, Europe, all over the world. When investors are looking to invest abroad, they use MSCI indexes as their guide.
Ekta: Can you give us more statistics in terms of whether there has been more money which has begun following India in particular in the past year or maybe since there was a new government that came through or the likelihood of elections was coming up? Can you give us more statistics on that?
A: I can tell you the MSCI India index has been one of the top performing indexes. It has performed about 22 percent. It has certainly grabbed a lot of investors interest. We don’t predict flows but emerging markets as an index at one time about 25 years ago was only about 1 percent of the world index and today it is about 11 percent. So, this growth of the emerging markets is largely driven by BRIC countries including India as a very big contributor. So, I can’t predict about what is causing the growth trend over time but it has been a quite interesting development.
Anuj: A question on methodology of the index because there has been some question mark on stocks where the FII cap has come down. For example you dropped Axis Bank, there is a risk of HDFC Bank being dropped even though some of these stocks are institutional favourite stocks. So, what is the exact methodology when it comes to some of these stocks?
A: We can’t comment about exact stocks but I can tell you about our methodology. Our methodology is clear, transparent and rules based and this is why the majority of institutional investors look to our index to have a guide of what is representative of the market. So, importantly we have these rules to try to reflect securities may go up or down and weight maybe included or excluded to represent the evolution of the markets of what is investable for global investors.
Anuj: The reason I ask is, I am not asking you to comment on individual names or individual stocks but for example on our benchmark index, on the Nifty we have ITC as the highest weight followed by Infosys but on the MSCI India index you have Infosys right on top and ITC comes in only at number five or six. What kind of factors lead to this kind of weight differentiation?
A: MSCI index takes into account what is trying to represent the investment opportunity set. We also look at investability factors and from a domestic point of view or an international investors point of view. So, there are different criteria.
On the international investor point of view they care about how many stocks are available for investment. So, if stocks are taken by float that are privately held or government held, some of the stakes are not available for investment it would reduce the securities that are available for investing for global investors.
Anuj: Does the weight also depend on how you believe a particular a stock is going to do; do you have analysis of that as well?
A: No, absolutely not. What we do is we look at the entire opportunity set of investment and then we look at all the securities and how much float is available for each security. So, it is rules based, transparent and trying to represent the index but it also has to be investable for global investors.
RELATED NEWS

Indoco Remedies to hold board meetingIndoco Remedies to hold board meeting
8K Miles Software Services standalone net profit rises 300.00% in the June 2014 quarter8K Miles Software Services standalone net profit rises 300.00% in the June 2014 quarter
JBM Auto: Outcome of board meetingJBM Auto: Outcome of board meeting
Buy Cadila Health  Canara Bk  Capital First: Dharmesh KantLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Cadila Health, Canara Bk, Capital First: Dharmesh Kant
Dharmesh Kant of India Nivesh Securities is of the view that one can buy Capital First for a target price of Rs 330 and Canara Bank for a target price of Rs 390.
Post your opinion here
Bull's Eye
In CNBC-TV18's popular show Bull's Eye, Dharmesh Kant of India Nivesh Securities shares his trading strategies for the day.
One can buy Ahmednagar Forgings  for a target price of Rs 430 and keep a stoploss at Rs 390.
One can buy Cadila Healthcare  for a target price of Rs 1,460 and keep a stoploss at Rs 1,300.
One can buy Canara Bank  for a target price of Rs 390 and keep a stoploss at Rs 347.
One can buy Capital First  for a target price of Rs 330 and keep a stoploss at Rs 297.
RELATED NEWS

Lafarge  Holcim about to request EU approval to mergeLafarge, Holcim about to request EU approval to merge
Reuters
Tweet
PARIS, Oct 9:  
Lafarge and Holcim are about to request approval from the European Commission for their planned merger, Lafarge Chief Executive Bruno Lafont told reporters on Thursday.
"We are indeed very close to (EU) notification," Lafont said on the sidelines of a conference on affordable housing at Lafarge's headquarters in Paris, adding that talks with Brussels had been "constructive" and that the companies were "well on track" to close the deal in the first half of next year.
Lafarge and Holcim unveiled plans in April to create the world's biggest cement group with $44 billion in yearly sales.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Mining stocks drive FTSE 100 reboundMining stocks drive FTSE 100 rebound
By Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fc7d5104-4f82-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

When in legal trouble  remember Ram JethmalaniWhen in legal trouble, remember Ram Jethmalani
Avantika Mehta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 05, 2014
First Published: 13:28 IST(5/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:47 IST(6/10/2014)
From London to Chennai to Karnataka high court to secure bail for former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa is all in a day’s work for lawyer Ram Jethmalani.
 
Ignore the landing of the overnight flight at 1.30am, the one-hour trip to the hotel and the jet lag, 92-year-old Jethmalani was in court 10.30am sharp on September 30 to fight for his client.
File photo: Jethmalani leaves the special CBI court in Ahmedabad, with his son Mahesh Jethmalani, after representing Amit Shah in a case of alleged fake police encounter that lead to the death of Sohrabuddin Sheikh. (AFP photo)
Exhausting schedules are for lesser mortals to crib about, not him.
 
Jethmalani did not have his way with the court and his move for an urgent hearing was criticised by both legal pundits and lawyers.
 
“Lawyers, for fabulous fees or otherwise, must not be rushed into filing petitions and applications that cannot realistically be granted,” wrote Supreme Court advocate Sanjay Hedge.
 
Jethmalani shoots back, “The accused has the right to apply for bail as soon as possible.” With his famed sharp humour, he adds, “Tell those people someday they’ll be convicted, and they’ll do the same.”
 
On charging exorbitant fees, he tells HT, “Yes, I am charging Jayalalithaa. But I fight many cases pro bono. All in all, I make money from 10% of my clients.”
 
Apart from his legal acumen, his rise to fame began as the maverick lawyer in sensational cases such as the Nanavati murder trial.
 
Jayalalithaa has joined a long list of controversial clients, but he insists they approach him and he’s constrained by law to take briefs. “It’s a basic principal of law that everyone, no matter who, deserves a defense.”
 
While Jethmalani’s client list reads like India’s who’s who and he is the arguably the only advocate recognised by every Indian, this fame comes at a price.
 
Former high court judge RS Sodhi recalls, “When I asked him to fight Indira Gandhi’s alleged assassin Balbir Singh’s case, he was a BJP member. He gave up his membership, but not the case.”
 
Senior advocate Kamini Jayaswal who fought with him to defend SAR Geelani in the case arising out of the 2001 Parliament attack said she was “disturbed” by his decision to fight for Manu Sharma who was accused of murdering Jessica Lal in 1999.
 
Unfazed, Jethmalani always adheres to his conscience. “If taking up an unpopular cause will result unpopularity, so be it.”
 
This unflinching belief in the law’s wisdom is a part of Jethmalani’s upbringing as a third generation litigator. “My grandfather was a great lawyer. It’s in my blood.”
 
A student of Karachi Law School, he passed the Bar examination at 17. Then he had to argue before court to have a special provisio enacted to be allowed to practice at a time when 21 was the standard age for enrollment into the Bar.
 
His dogged love for the judicial system is also the reason why he is “an inspiration and a tough act to follow”, his son and senior advocate Mahesh Jethmalani says.
 
The public fascination with the senior lawyer, however, goes beyond his achievements in the courtroom.
 
He wakes up early to enjoy a game of badminton, eats some fruit, usually works through lunch while drinking buttermilk, and for dinner, “I take my two whiskeys, and occasionally a little bit of ice cream.”
 
Jethmalani has often been punished for his unabashed love for the finer things in life. In 1977, he started his career as a Parliamentarian by winning a Lok Sabha seat. However, he was not made law minister because Prime Minister Morarji Desai disapproved of his ‘lifestyle’.
 
It is possible Desai remembered having his lecture on celibacy interrupted by a young, blunt lawyer’s scathing words — “Morarjibhai, had my wife looked like Gajraben (Morarji's wife), I'd have turned celibate at eighteen.”
 
Jethmalani’s acerbic wit and unforgiving honesty are the stuff of legends. Often, he is blunt before people who, spoilt by power and privilege, aren’t used to truthful opinions.
 
During the Emergency, he was forced to leave the country under threat of arrest for speaking out against Indira Gandhi. More recently, he reportedly told a Supreme Court Judge, “Gone are the days when judges would read.”
 
Most people would be held for contempt, but “Ram floats on higher thermals in the Elysian fields where the normal rules of behaviour of mere mortals hardly apply,” says senior advocate Anil Dewan.
 
Accordingly, his life too is an open book. The many and varied accounts of his romances in the authorised autobiography written by Nalini Gera reveal a softer side. For instance, to converse with a Damascus dancing girl who spoke only Arabic, Jethmalani enrolled in language classes.
 
Jethmalani’s romanticism extends beyond his personal life. Expelled from the Bharatiya Janata Party, he still came out in full support of the Narendra Modi government. Yet, he declined Prime Minister Modi’s invitation to attend his swearing-in ceremony. “I told him I didn’t want to meet others who I didn’t like.”
 
He admits that a large part of his support for the present regime was to oust the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance (UPA), which he describes as “that corrupt government.”
 
His next move? “To bring back the black money to India.” He wishes the government would extend more support to this cause.
 
For now, though, he sits surrounded by a mountain of papers, preparing for Jayalalithaa’s next bail plea hearing on October 7.

Mahindra to buy Peugeot Motocycles for 217 croreComments
Mahindra Two Wheelers has made a binding offer to buy 51% stake in Peugeot Motocycles (PMTC), the world’s oldest maker of motorised two-wheelers from French auto major PSA Group, for 28 million euros (about Rs. 217 crore).
Of the total investment, about 15 million euros ( Rs. 116 crore) will be infused in the company (PMTC) to support future products, said Pawan Goenka, executive director, Mahindra & Mahindra. The company hopes to close the deal in three months.
Post the deal, M&M will have three members on board, while Peugeot will have two. M&M will retain the current management at PMTC including its CEO and will not undertake any restructuring for the next two years.
PMTC currently has 500 employees in France and 300 in China through a joint venture company.
While the current priority is to drive Peugeot to newer markets such as South East Asia, Africa and Latin America, Mahindra will also look at launching Peugeot scooters in India as a premium offering in the future.
“We will have a two brand strategy. We will position Peugeot as a premium brand in the market and Mahindra as a mass-market brand. There are clear opportunities for synergies between Mahindra Two Wheelers and Peugeot Scooters. We want to focus on building the brand, global expansion and investing in new products and synergies,” Goenka said. 
PMTC has 13 models of scooters and mopeds in the 50cc-400cc range including the three-wheeler scooter Metropolis, introduced last year. However, it has seen its sales slip over the last few years, primarily due to the slowdown in the European market, which accounts for over 70% of the company’s sales.
In 2013, it volumes stood at 79,000 units, down from 115,000 units four years ago. It reported revenue of 99 million euros last year, compared with 142 million euros four years ago. The company has been looking to offload the scooter business as part of a restructuring exercise.
“Faced with a European market down sharply for several years, this partnership with M&M would allow Peugeot Scooters to diversify and accelerate its international development by combining its strengths with those of M&M,” the French firm said in a statement.
Mahindra entered the two-wheeler market six years ago with the acquisition of Pune-based Kinetic Motor. It has been looking to scale up with the launch of the Centuro motorcycle last year and the Gusto scooter last week. Besides, it also sells the Rodeo and Duro scooters.
PMTC has a strong technology centre in France and a family of seven engines ranging from 50 cc to 400 cc and Mahindra is likely to gain significantly on the technology front. It will also be able to ride on Peugeot’s distribution to sell its vehicles
Mahindra Two Wheelers and Peugeot Motocycles will operate as two separate entities, but Goenka has said there could be some platform sharing and research and development collaborations in the future.
The deal is subject to Works Council consultation, as part of the employee dialogue process in France and anti-trust laws.

Indian-origin exec gifts $401 000 to London univComments
A new centre dedicated to graduate entrepreneurship at London South Bank University has been opened after receiving a £250,000 ($401,875) gift from London-based Indian-origin entrepreneur Rami Ranger.
Ranger, who is the founder of Sun Mark Ltd and Sea, Air & Land Forwarding Ltd, is one of the most successful Indian-origin entrepreneurs in Britain.
Ranger arrived in London in 1971, started business with £2 in 1987, and today heads a £200 million business empire.
Ranger’s gift to the university is being used to set up a fund for Enterprise Excellence in his name to support student entrepreneurship activities. LSBU is also establishing the Rami Ranger MBE Centre for Graduate Entrepreneurship, which will provide a workspace for students on enterprise programmes
Ranger said: “Where I am today is a far cry from where I started. Education enriched and shaped the futures of myself and my siblings. I started with nothing and now have the opportunity to help others make the most of their lives”.
The centre was opened on October 3 by Theresa Villiers, secretary for Northern Ireland, at an event attended by Varinder Paul, deputy high commissioner of India and SS Sidhu, minister coordination at the Indian high commission, and Labour MP Keith Vaz.

Bang Bang  vs  Kick  vs Singham Returns box office collections: Check out the numbersHome
Miscellaneous
Hrithik Roshan's 'Bang Bang' vs Salman Khan's 'Kick' vs Ajay Devgn's 'Singham Returns' box office collections: Check numbers
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 11 2014, 07:43  IST
Oct 11 2014, 07:43  IST
 

Battle of the billionaires: Buffett vs. Jack MaMost stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

Ebola  unavoidable  in Europe  but spread risk low: WHOEbola has killed 3,439 people in west Africa since the start of the year, according to the latest WHO toll. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Geneva | Posted: October 8, 2014 9:47 pm
Cases of Ebola in Europe are unavoidable, but the risk of the disease spreading is extremely low, a top UN health official said on Wednesday, amid growing fears over infections in Spain.
“Sporadic cases of Ebola virus disease in Europe are unavoidable. This is due to travel between Europe and affected countries,” said Zsuzsanna Jakab, regional director for Europe at the World Health Organisation.
“However, the risk of spread of Ebola in Europe is avoidable and extremely low,” she said in a statement, adding that European nations were “among the best prepared in the world”.
Six people have now been quarantined at a Madrid hospital, including a nurse who was diagnosed with Ebola on Monday in the first case of transmission of the disease outside Africa.
The nurse, in her forties, had cared for two elderly Spanish missionaries who died from the virus following their return from west Africa.
“There is a risk of accidental contamination for people exposed to Ebola patients. This risk can be and must be mitigated with strict infection control measures,” said Jakab.
“Health care workers are on the frontline of the Ebola fight and they are those most at risk of infection. They need to be protected and supported by all means,” she added.
Among the six people hospitalised in Madrid are the woman’s husband, considered at “high risk” by Spanish authorities, and two other nurses.
Officials said they were monitoring as a precaution 52 other people – mostly health workers – who had been in contact with the infected nurse.
“All countries have protocols and procedures that must be implemented when a case is suspected and it is important that these are followed diligently. WHO is, as always, ready to provide help and support where requested,” said Jakab.
Ebola has killed 3,439 people in west Africa since the start of the year, according to the latest WHO toll, with health workers making up around six percent of the victims.

OECD Sees Stable Growth for Major Economies  Weaker in Euro ZoneYou are here: Home Economy
OECD Sees Stable Growth for Major Economies, Weaker in Euro Zone
Reuters | Updated On: October 08, 2014 21:44 (IST)
FDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Paris: Most major world economies are continuing to show stable growth momentum, but within the euro zone Germany and Italy are losing steam, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said on Wednesday.
The figures from the Paris-based think tank added to a range of recent surveys which pointed to weakness in the euro area and came a day after the International Monetary Fund cut its global growth forecasts.
OECD said its leading indicator covering 33 member countries was stable in August from the prior month at 100.4, above its long-term average of 100.
The indicator, which is designed to flag turning points in the economic cycle, suggested that the OECD area as a whole, as well as Canada and the United States individually, was experiencing "stable growth momentum".
That stability was also anticipated for Brazil, Russia and China.
The indicator has been close to or at 100.50 since November 2013.
In the euro zone, however, signs point to weakening growth, with the indicator for Germany, Europe's biggest economy, falling to 99.7 from 100.1 in July. Official data released on Tuesday showed German industrial output plunged in August at its steepest rate since the height of the financial crisis.
Signs were also emerging of a loss of growth momentum for Italy, OECD said.
For non-euro zone Britain, the outlook continues to point to stable growth with the indicator falling slightly to 100.7 from 100.8 in July.
OECD said that one-off factors might explain a fall in the indicator for Japan to 99.6 from 99.8. It said India was the only major economy whose indicator pointed to a rise in growth momentum, its indicator improving to 99.0 from 98.8.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Infy Founders Farewell: No Moments of Regret  Says MurthyKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Infosys founder Narayana Murthy on Wednesday said he had no moments of regret, looking back at his journey at India's second largest IT services company. The IT bellwether on Wednesday held a farewell for its founders with the last its serving co-founders Kris Gopalakrishnan retiring.
Six of the seven Infosys founders were present at the IT giant's farewell for the men who started the company back in 1981.
Ashok Arora, who was in Chicago, was the only co-founder absent at the event. The rest of the founders - NR Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, SD Shibulal, Kris Gopalakrishnan, KR Raghavan and K Dinesh - were in attendance at the Infosys send-off.
Being the first Indian company to be listed on US stock exchange Nasdaq was a high point for Infosys, Mr Murthy reminisced at the press briefing.
Kris Gopalakrishnan, on his plans post-retirement, said he would like to get into the field of research and education.
As a parting shot, Mr Gopalakrishnan said Infosys is lucky to have current CEO Vishal Sikka at the helm of affairs and said the transition of him taking of the company has been smooth.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 18:54 (IST)

Check Out Norway s New Artsy CurrencyKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Ekta Kapoor s all new love storyCelebrity
Ekta Kapoor launches her new TV show 'Yeh Dil Sun Raha Hai'
Ekta Kapoor launched her new serial 'Yeh Dil Sun Raha Hai' in Mumbai recently. The serial will be broadcasted on the new channel Sony Pal. We bring you the photos!
Ekta Kapoor's last hit serial 'Bade Acche Lagte Hai' was broadcasted on Sony itself.
1 / 10

Buy State Bank  PNB  Sell Sun Pharma Today: Sanjeev BhasinGold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Indian stock markets are likely to open higher tracking strong gains in the US. Expect broader market outperformance to continue with selling in defensives and buying interest in banking stocks.
The Nifty has managed to hold 7,840-50, which technically shows a "double bottom" formation. The same should see the nifty rally back to 8,000 by next week.
Trading calls with a 3/4 day outlook,
1) Buy State Bank of India: 2410-2425, stop loss 2360, target 2570
2) Buy PNB: 875-885, stop loss 860, target 925
3) Sell Dr Reddy's: 2965-2980, stop loss 3040, target 2865-70
4) Sell Sun Pharma: 800-810, stop loss 825, target 730-35
Hold previous trades,
5) Buy Tata Steel: 435-440, 1 month target 512
6) Buy L&T: 1400-1415, 1 month target 1525
7) Buy IOC: 360-365, stop loss 351, target 384 (Keep stop profit at 376 & target now 390)
8) Buy HPCL: 485-490, stop loss 475, target 522
9) Buy BPCL: 650-655, stop loss 637, target 685
10) Option trade on Bank Nifty (short strangle): Sell Bank Nifty 16000 call at 150-155, sell Bank Nifty 15000 put at 130-135 for total premium of 280-285. Look for reduction in volatility and buy around 120-125 as time series plays out.
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 08:25 (IST)

US Fed fears rising dollar may affect inflation reboundMichael Flaherty and Jonathan Spicer     Washington/New York   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 10:41 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
US Federal Reserve officials want to tie an interest rate rise to economic progress in the United States, but the minutes of their last policy meeting on Sept 16-17 show they are struggling with how to come to grips with the dual threats of a stronger dollar and a global slowdown.
The minutes expressed concern the rising dollar could slow a needed rebound in inflation. The officials also highlighted economic turmoil in Europe and Asia, another factor behind the US central bank's keeping policy accommodation in place for the near future.
The minutes of the Sept 16-17 meeting, released on Wednesday after the usual three-week lag, revealed concern the US financial markets were slightly out of sync with the Fed, and that dropping the current policy guidance could send unintended signals.
In response, investors bid up US stocks and bonds, betting the Fed is in no rush to tighten after years of monetary stimulus. The US dollar, which has risen in the last 12 weeks, hit a two-week low.
"The Fed is becoming increasingly focused on the potential impact of the stronger dollar on the domestic (US) economy at a time when the global growth momentum is beginning to slow, and the uncertainties this is adding to the economic outlook," said Millan Mulraine, deputy head of research and strategy at TD Securities.
Debate within the US central bank heated up over how to adopt a more "data-dependent" policy guidance.
Several policymakers fretted the current guidance that rates will not rise for a "considerable time" after October gave the false impression the stimulus would last a long while. Others worried a change could trip up financial markets and hurt the economy through higher borrowing costs.
The change would "likely present communication challenges" and "caution will be needed to avoid sending unintended signals about the Committee's policy outlook," the minutes said.
The extent of the debate suggests the committee could move as soon as its meeting on October 28-29 to change its description of when it might begin lifting rates from near zero, where they have been since late 2008.
DELICATE DANCE
The minutes also showed concern from a "couple" of participants that the strengthening dollar could hurt the economy and cause longer-term inflation expectations to move slightly lower.
Since the meeting, Fed officials have increasingly flagged the dollar's rise as hindering a rebound. While unemployment dropped to 5.9 per cent in September, inflation measures have eased and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) slashed its global economic growth forecasts on Tuesday.
Some officials cited disappointing growth and inflation in the euro zone, while several said "slower economic growth in China or Japan or unanticipated events in the Middle East or Ukraine might pose a similar risk," the minutes show.
In response, investors bet on a later start to tightening.
"The deceleration of inflation from the spring and the rising strength of the dollar are noteworthy, and may mean the Fed may raise rates later than expected," said Anthony Valeri, investment strategist at LPL Financial.
US 2015 short-term interest rate futures rose to contract highs on Wednesday, suggesting traders saw less than a 50 per cent chance of a rate rise in July 2015, according to CME Group's FedWatch.
Both US Fed and Wall Street economists expect a rate rise to come around mid-2015, but the central bankers expect tightening to be more aggressive than believed by the private sector.
The Fed acknowledged the US market seemed behind in this regard and suggested it could complicate matters when the time comes to raise rates.
(Reuters)

Quartz Daily BriefEurope editionFed market rally  PCs arent dead  Hong Kong protest economics  arboreal garlic inOctober 9, 2014
What to watch for today
The US tweaks its ISIL strategy. Retired US general John Allen is traveling to Turkey to discuss the country’s role in the fight against the Islamic State extremist group, with a NATO visit to follow. Despite US-led airstrikes, it looks like ISIL  will capture Kobani (paywall).
Elon Musk unveils the D. The Tesla CEO  tweeted last week alluding to a new model in the electric-car company’s portfolio. Analysts say it could either be an all-wheel drive version of the Model S or a demo of Tesla’s self-driving vehicle research .
Carl Icahn sends Tim Cook an open letter. “ Believe it will be interesting ” said the activist investor, who owns over $4 billion in Apple stock.
How did a major Apple supplier go bankrupt? GT Advanced Technologies, which was supposed to produce sapphire screens for iPhones, will explain how  it ended up going bust  instead.
Data, data everywhere. US initial jobless claims, German export data, and Australian and Greek unemployment numbers are all due . And the Bank of England will decide whether or not to  raise its benchmark interest rate of 0.5%, though that seems unlikely just yet (paywall).
While you were sleeping
Stock markets jumped for joy. The Dow Jones Industrial Index  had its best day of 2014 —recovering from an equally large drop the day before —after the US Federal Reserve signaled it would  keep rates low a while longer ; Australian and Asian markets also posted gains. The IMF, on the other hand,  didn’t like that idea .
Brazil politics make strange bedfellows. The Brazilian Socialist Party, which failed to secure a place in the runoff elections later this month,  threw its weight behind pro-business challenger Aecio Neves  in his attempt to unseat incumbent president Dilma Rousseff.
PC sales may have bottomed out. Lower prices on laptops and a market saturated with tablets and smartphones have eased the rate at which PC demand is falling globally, and have even led to sales growth in the US , according to market research firms Gartner and IDC. Gartner said third-quarter shipments to the US grew 4.2% (paywall) versus the previous year, and IDC said they rose 4.3%.
Australian jobs took an unexpected dive. The number of employed people fell by 29,700 in September , compared with a Bloomberg survey that projected a rise of 15,500. The Australian Bureau of Statistics’ also revised the rise in August jobs sharply downwards, to 32,100 from a rather unbelievable 121,000 .
The US recorded its first Ebola death. A Liberian man  who was diagnosed  after flying to the US has died in Dallas  , despite being treated with  an experimental drug , bringing the  Ebola death toll  to 3,879. The US will  begin screening people at several major airports as early as this weekend.
Apple set the date for its next unveiling. The company is expected to introduce new iPads , perhaps along with a new Macbook. The iPads, naturally,  may have already leaked .
Quartz obsession interlude
Heather Timmons on the economic surprises of the Hong Kong protests. “Beijing’s ban on tour groups , put in place days after the protests started, was expected to hit tourism hard… Instead, the reverse seems to have happened. Tourist arrivals during the Golden Week were 1,159,952, the Hong Kong Tourism Board told Quartz—a 4.83% increase from last year’s Golden Week holiday, as mainland tourists poured into the city to shop , and in some cases check out the protests .” Read more here .
Matters of debate
Flying cars would be noisy, ugly, and dangerous. And that’s coming from Elon Musk .
You should own your data. The man who invented the web doesn’t like big corporations storing our personal information .
Amazon’s warehouse workers are modern-day coal miners. Security checks are  no different than spending time in a mine elevator .
Free will is at least partly an illusion. It can be easily  manipulated with brain implants .
Surprising discoveries

Home buyers not fully convinced about recovery in real estate sectorHome buyers not fully convinced about recovery in real estate sector
Sobia Khan, Ravi Teja Sharma & Kailash Babar, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 02.49AM IST
(Also buying are people who…)
The tents are back on the streets of Noida. An army of property brokers that sells the dream and lure of real estate has dusted out their makeshift offices, fuelled by hopes of an economic recovery. They are in for a wait. "There is great expectation, but sales will happen only when uncertainty is completely over in the minds of home buyers," says Shishir Baijal, chairman and MD of Knight Frank India, a consultancy.
"That is still some time away." There is some buying. According to Pankaj Kapoor, managing director of property research firm Liases Foras, sales are happening mostly at the pre-launch stage — when prices are lower — of new projects. "When the project is officially launched, the response has been slow," he adds.
Also buying are people who want a house to live in and can afford finished properties, several at a healthy discount from investors desperate for an exit. Samarjit Singh, managing director of IndiaHomes, a real estate brokerage, sees a signal there. "When the market starts to revive, distress offers by investors and discounts by builders are the first to be absorbed," he adds.
In spite of muted prices over the last few quarters, house sales have been slow, ITfilled Bangalore being an exception. Even the significant mark down in prices of new projects over comparable existing ones — 31% over June prices in the National Capital Region, according to Liases Foras — has not lured them. This indicates a more fundamental issue: buyers' assessment of affordability. Many home buyers are not fully convinced about a recovery.
They are also seeking greater surety and prosperity on their job front — which will mostly come nearing March 2015 — before committing to a lifetime purchase. But there is a silver lining. Brokers and builders are seeing more inquiries in the last three months. "They are getting out of their houses now," says Sumit Joshi, director of Noida-based real estate brokerage Real Credit Consultancy.
Adds Lalit Kumar Jain, chairman of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India: "The market is waiting for a trigger." That trigger could be an interest rate cut, improved GDP numbers or stock market gains. "Many fence-sitters should take decisions immediately after any of these triggers."
This festive season has not been a time for new launches. Buyers are not too keen and companies have a pile of unsold inventory. According to Liases Foras, the combined unsold inventory as of June was 765 million sq ft, or equivalent to 760,000 two-bedroom apartments, which will take about 35 months to clear at the current pace of sales.
Builders, especially in areas where the pain is greater (Noida, Greater Noida, Gurgaon, Navi Mumbai and Thane), are offering schemes on existing projects. Vatika, for instance, is offering ready apartments in Gurgaon on a 20% down payment and the remaining after 18 months, with no EMI or rent in the interim.
Ashutosh Limaye, head of research at property advisory firm Jones Lang LaSalle India, expects sales this festive season to be at least 20% higher compared to the last two years. "It is likely on account of current price and inventory levels, and the general positive sentiment prevailing," he adds. If it persists, the tents could be in business.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GVK wins environmental permit for Alpha coal projectGVK wins environmental permit for Alpha coal project
Reuters | Melbourne Oct 09, 2014 11:06 AM IST
GVK and Australian billionaire Gina Rinehart have secured an environmental permit to build their Alpha Coal project in Australia, moving it a step closer to signing off on a long-delayed $10 billion mine, rail and port project.
The GVK Hancock joint venture still needs to finalise a plan with coal rail operator Aurizon Holdings
, overcome legal challenges to the project, and sign coal sales agreements before lining up financing for the huge project.
"Now that we have our Environmental Authority for our Alpha Coal Project our key focus is to continue advancing the project to a point where construction can commence," GVK Hancock said in a statement.
The Alpha mine is 79% owned by GVK and 21% owned by Rinehart's Hancock Prospecting.
The venture aims to produce 32 million tonnes a year of low ash, low sulphur coal from the mine in the untapped Galilee Basin, saying the project would be profitable even at today's weak prices for coal used in power stations.
"The volume and magnitude our Alpha coal project's large, shallow and very flat coal seams allow for large scale mining techniques that ensures our proposed mine remains cost competitive even in current tough market conditions," GVK Hancock said in the statement.
GVK's listed unit GVK Power & Infrastructure
owns a small stake in GVK's holding in the Alpha project.
GVK's domestic rival Adani Enterprises
is also trying to build a massive coal, rail and port project in the Galilee Basin, and its Australian unit also faces legal challenges to its Carmichael project.
India holds the world's fifth-largest coal reserves but still needs to resort to imports as state-owned Coal India
, which accounts for about 80 percent of the country's output, frequently misses output targets.

Rupee rises by 35 paise to 61.05 against US dollarRupee sees biggest single-day gain in nearly two months
Swati Bhat     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 18:06 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee posted its biggest single-day gain in nearly two months on Thursday, after hitting the highest level in more than two weeks after the US Federal Reserve's September policy meeting minutes suggested it was in no hurry to raise interest rates.
The dollar fell to a three-week low against the yen, as investors cut favourable bets after minutes of the Federal Reserve's last meeting prompted many to push out expectations for the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
The index of the dollar against six major currencies was down 0.22 per cent with most Asian currencies also rallying against the greenback.
"The dollar took quite a beating and we saw domestic equities rally, both together helped the rupee gain," said Naveen Raghuvanshi, a foreign exchange dealer with DCB Bank.
"We could see the pair touch 60.80 going by technicals but there is good state-run bank buying around 61 levels. Broadly the near-term range is likely to be 60.80 to 61.40/45," he added.
Traders are now awaiting retail and wholesale inflation data and factory output data due to be released next week for domestic cues.
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.04/05 per dollar compared with 61.3950/4050 on Thursday. The rupee touched 60.9025 earlier, its strongest level since September 23.
The rupee gained for a fourth straight day, rising 0.6 percent, its biggest single-day gain since August 14.
Gains in the domestic share market also helped with good dollar selling seen by custodian banks.
The BSE Sensex rose 1.5 per cent, snapping a three-day losing streak, as hopes the Federal Reserve would not rush into raising U.S. interest rates boosted heavyweight banks and blue chips such as Bharat heavy Electricals Ltd.
Traders will continue to monitor shares for clues on the direction of foreign fund flows. Foreign funds have bought a net $13.95 billion in equities and $20 billion in debt so far in 2014.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.35 while the three-month was at 61.95.

CBI wants Chautala surrender date advancedNew Delhi, October 9, 2014
Updated: October 10, 2014 01:48 IST
Chautala told to appear in Delhi HC on Friday
Mohammed Iqbal
PTI This October 7, 2014 photo shows Indian National Lok Dal chief Om Prakash Chautala during an election rally in Ambala.
TOPICS
imprisonment
The Delhi High Court on Thursday directed former Haryana Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala to appear in person before it on Friday. It has taken note of a series of political rallies being addressed by him in the run-up to the Assembly elections. The order was passed on the CBI’s plea for cancellation of interim bail granted to Mr. Chautala after his conviction in a corruption case.
In its application moved in the High Court, the CBI said though Mr. Chautala was released on bail on medical grounds, he was extensively campaigning for his party, the Indian National Lok Dal, for the upcoming polls.
The INLD supremo was mocking both the judiciary and the prosecution, said CBI counsel Rajdeepa Behura.
“I am painfully aware of it,” observed Justice Siddharth Mridul when Ms. Behura alleged that Mr. Chautala had been misusing medical certificates and violating the bail conditions. The bail, granted to the INLD leader on May 21 last year, on medical grounds has been extended several times.
When the Judge asked why the premier investigating agency had not arrested Mr. Chautala, the counsel said he had already given an undertaking to the Court that he would surrender by October 17.
The CBI’s application, mentioned before a Division Bench earlier in the day and listed before Justice Mridul, sought cancellation of Mr. Chautala’s bail, advancing the date of his surrender, warrants for his arrest for violating the bail conditions and notice to Medanta Hospital of Gurgaon for issuing discharge certificate to him.

Escorts implements VRS; 350 employees leave companyOct 09, 2014, 12.54 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Escorts implements VRS; 350 employees leave company
The exercise will cost around Rs 30 crore and will have a payback of two years. The one time impact will be reflected in the company's Q2 results, it said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Escorts implements VRS; 350 employees leave company
The exercise will cost around Rs 30 crore and will have a payback of two years. The one time impact will be reflected in the company's Q2 results, it said.
Post your opinion here
 
Farm equipment major Escorts  on Thursday announced implementation of a voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) as part of its organisational restructuring under which 350 employees have exited the company.
"With an operational focus on improving business performance, Escorts Ltd has successfully implemented group-wide future-oriented VRS, aimed particularly at restructuring Escorts Auto Products," the company said in a statement.
The exercise will cost around Rs 30 crore and will have a payback of two years. The one time impact will be reflected in the company's Q2 results. The exercise was closed within 30 days, it added.
"This largest-ever VRS at Escorts was availed by 350 employees and will enable greater efficiencies and productivity due to rationalisation of deployment," the company said.
Commenting on the development, Escorts Executive Vice President (HR & ER) Ishan Mehta said: "Our VRS offer was part of an overall group-wide strategic initiative to make Escorts leaner and smarter organisation. Through this, we have sought to become even more focused on productivity and improve our organisational efficiencies."
Escorts Auto Products CEO Dipankar Ghosh said the firm embarked on programmes that focused on 'lean' management and consolidation of manufacturing facilities to create more profitable production methods.
The company has also engaged with chosen prospective partners for technology infusion to tap into larger opportunities available within the auto sector, he added.
"I am sure these initiatives will enable EAP to target higher market share by offering its high-end products to domestic as well as international markets," Ghosh said.
Escorts Auto Products is among the leading manufacturers of auto suspension products, including shock absorbers, struts and telescopic front forks.
Shares of Escorts Ltd were trading 4.66 percent up at Rs 159.40 per scrip during mid-day trade on the BSE.
Escorts stock price
On November 24, 2014, Escorts closed at Rs 142.90, down Rs 0.95, or 0.66 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 174.25 and the 52-week low was Rs 102.15.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 8.45 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.91. The latest book value of the company is Rs 149.68 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.95.
RELATED NEWS

GVK Hancock gets environmental clearance for its Alpha Coal Project in AustraliaGVK Hancock gets environmental clearance for its Alpha Coal Project in Australia
CBI moves HC seeking cancellation of Chautalas interimbailComments
Indian National Lok Dal Supremo Om Prakash Chautala addresses an election rally in Kurukshetra on Tuesday. State President Ashok Arora also seen. (Source: PTI)
The CBI on Thursday moved the Delhi High Court seeking cancellation of interim bail granted to former Haryana Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala in the JBT teachers recruitment scam case, saying he violated bail conditions.
The counsel for the probe agency mentioned the application before a bench of Justices B D Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul and sought an urgent hearing, submitting that the INLD leader, who had been granted bail on medical grounds, has been campaigning for Haryana Assembly elections in violation of bail conditions.
The CBI also wanted Chautala’s date of surrender to be preponed from October 17.
The former Chief Minister, who has been convicted and sentenced to 10 years jail term in the JBT teachers recruitment scam case, had on September 26 volunteered to surrender after which the court had fixed October 17.
“I have already issued a notice on a similar application earlier,” the court said today on CBI’s plea.
“That application was moved by a third party,” the counsel for the CBI replied.
“Then get it listed for hearing today itself,” the court said.
The CBI, in its fresh plea, has also sought a direction to Gurgaon-based Medanta hospital to explain as to how an ‘ailing’ Chautala has been allowed take part in election campaign.
Earlier, the High Court had issued notice to CBI and the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) leader after senior advocate Vivek Tankha, who appeared for the petitioner, contended that Chautala intends to “misuse the grace period of 17 days given to him to surrender” by planning to campaign during that period.
Tankha had also said that Chautala has released a tour programme of his election campaign which has been published in news reports.
Chautala had volunteered to surrender as the court was about to order constitution of a medical board of doctors from All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) to opine on the necessity of keeping Chautala hospitalised, as he had addressed a rally at Jind in Haryana on September 25.
The plea had contended that the INLD leader intended to use the intervening period before his surrender “to campaign extensively in the state of Haryana”.
The petition had also contended that Chautala was “misusing the orders of the court and taking the court for a jolly ride, thereby abusing the process of law”.
It had also said that Chautala was granted bail on medical grounds on May 21, 2013 and since then he has been out by extending it on the same ground.
On July 11, 2014, the high court had reserved its verdict on the appeals of 55 convicts, including the Chautalas, in the JBT scam case.
A special CBI court on January 22, 2013 had convicted and sentenced Chautala, his son Ajay and eight others to 10-year jail term each for illegally recruiting 3,206 junior teachers in 2000.
Among other convicts, 44 were sentenced to four years in jail and one given a five-year jail term.
All of them were held guilty of cheating, forgery, using fake documents as genuine, conspiracy under IPC and of abusing their official position under Prevention of Corruption Act.

We have political will to undertake financial reform: RBI Guv RaghuramRajanPress Trust of India | New York | Posted: October 9, 2014 1:18 pm
Underscoring the need for financial sector reforms, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan has stressed that the “time to deliver begins now” and there is political will to undertake reforms and improve India’s economic growth.
“Financial reform is not difficult – we have the political will to improve,” the Indian Consulate here tweeted the RBI governor as saying during an event yesterday.
“Time to deliver begins now. We need to focus on deliverables,” another tweet quoting Rajan said.
The head of India’s central bank addressed a select gathering of prominent and influential Indian-American businessmen from the finance and investment banking sector at an event organised by the Consulate General in collaboration with the India-America Chamber of Commerce.
Outlining the major areas that require change and immediate implementation, Rajan said it is a good time to invest in the Indian economy now.
Developing infrastructure, improving quality of human capital, optimum regulation for good business and extensive financial sector reform should be the next steps for improvement and development of the Indian economy, according a press statement issued by the Consulate.
Rajan encouraged the Indian-American business community to get involved in the “nitty gritty of the implementation process,” saying such involvement was not difficult especially since the Indian government has the political will to reform.
“Over the years, India has outgrown its institutions,” Rajan was quoted as saying in the statement.
“Such institutions only worked well when we had the practice of resource allocation, which was a source of revenue. This was a time when coal could be extracted from the ground with your bare hands.”
Rajan said the Indian economy can no longer work with this model, adding that just as there were drastic democratic changes that reacted to the economic slump in the past decade, institutions also have reacted.
He emphasized on the need to convert talk about change into delivering and implementing reforms, the press statement said.
Making crucial recommendations to creating a more investment-friendly market in India, Rajan said stalled projects need to get back on track and “clearance should be from capital and on ground.”
He further said that complex labor laws need to be improved to benefit both employers and workers and self- certification should be allowed to eliminate the stressful and cumbersome process of inspections.
 

Cyclone Hudhud: APs coastal districts on highalertPrint
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:47 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 12:54 pm
Collectors of all districts along the Bay of Bengal coast in Andhra Pradesh have been put on high alert in view of the threat of cyclone ‘Hudhud’.
The cyclonic storm is expected to cross the Bay of Bengal coast on October 12 between Visakhapatnam in AP and Gopalpur in Odisha.
AP Chief Secretary I Y R Krishna Rao held a video-conference today with Collectors of coastal districts and reviewed the preparedness.
He asked the Collectors to take all steps to prevent loss of lives and also ensure that damage to properties, if any, was the least.
“Open relief camps wherever needed and move people from vulnerable areas to safety. Keep essential commodities ready for the evacuees,” he told the Collectors.
He also directed them to submit reports on the latest situation regularly.
Meanwhile, Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu put off his scheduled visit to Srikakulam district on Friday where was supposed to take part in a ‘Janmabhoomi’ programme.
Srikakulam Collector Gaurav Uppal cancelled leaves of all government staff and put them on high alert as the district borders Odisha.
During cyclone Phailin on October 13 last year, AP’s Srikakulam district bore the brunt along with Odisha.

HTC launches  selfie  smartphone  new cameraAn analysis of mobile apps has revealed that between 75 and 97% of apps - on both android and iOS devices - have been hacked.
HTC launches 'selfie' smartphone, new camera
AFP
New York, October 09, 2014
First Published: 11:13 IST(9/10/2014)
print
Taiwan-based HTC on Wednesday unveiled its newest smartphone with high-resolution cameras on both sides to appeal to people who take 'selfie' pictures.
The HTC Desire Eye, unveiled at a New York event, includes 13-megapixel cameras on both the front and back.
Jonah Becker, Associate Vice President of Industrial Design at HTC, introduces the new HTC desire eye smartphone during a presentation in New York. Photo: Reuters/Eduardo Munoz
"Desire Eye is fully equipped for those who love to take great photos, videos and selfies," an HTC statement said.
The new phone will be sold in the United States through AT&T.
HTC also launched an oddly shaped camera which departs from the box shape, designed instead with a round periscope-like appearance, which can fit in one's hand.
The new HTC desire eye smartphone (L) and RE camera are seen on display after their launch in New York. Photo: Reuters/Eduardo Munoz
HTC said the camera's design featured a sensor which automatically activated the device whenever it was picked up, eliminating the need for a power button.
HTC said it plans to introduce live streaming with the camera through Google-owned YouTube in the near future.
HTC said last week it swung to a profit in the third quarter, but revenue continued to decline owing to sluggish sales amid strong competition from low-priced Chinese models.
A guest looks at a HTC desire eye smartphone after its launch in New York. Photo: Reuters/Eduardo Munoz
HTC reported a net profit of $21 million in July-September, with revenue down 11% year-over-year.
In the 2013 third quarter, HTC swung to its first net loss of since listing in 2002, as it fell out of the world's top 10 vendors and has been struggling to increase its foothold in the highly competitive smartphone market.
A guest checks the new HTC desire eye smartphone and RE camera after their launch in New York. Photo: Reuters/Eduardo Munoz

Cox & Kings to raise Rs 1 200 crCox & Kings to raise Rs 1,200 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
Tours and travel firm Cox & Kings today said it would raise Rs 1,200 crore from the market by issuing securities.
“The board of directors of the company at its meeting held on October 9, 2014, has approved raising of funds for an amount not exceeding Rs 1,200 crore through issuance of securities, including equity shares or equity-linked securities, including through a qualified institutions placement...,” the company said in a BSE filing.
Shares of Cox & Kings were trading 2.08 per cent up at Rs 326.40 during afternoon session on the BSE.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

SCR nets Rs 52 lakhs in clean driveSCR nets Rs 52 lakhs in clean drive
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 9:  
Littering, spitting and other petty offences related to maintenance of cleanliness have landed 26,374 people with fines in the South Central Railway (SCR) during the first six months of the current financial year.
The SCR has netted Rs 52.66 lakhs from the offenders as penalty for these violations on its premises between April-September. A break up of offenders shows Vijayawada division (11,105), Secunderabad (6875), Guntakal (5452), Guntur (1894), Nanded (800) and Hyderabad (248).
During the month of September, a total of 6,192 persons were penalised and the SCR collected Rs 12 lakh as fines, said a release.
The Indian Railways (Penalties for Activities Affecting Cleanliness at Railway Premises) Rules, which came into effect from November, 2012, authorizes the Railway administration to penalize any person / passenger who is found either littering or spitting or urinating or defecating or pasting posters or dumping garbage at railway premises such as stations, trains etc., with a penalty up to Rs 500.
Will Narendra Modi’s `Swatch Bharat’ (Clean India) campaign launched on October 2 bring a change in these people is a moot question?
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Pakistan wont be able to bear cost of adventurism: JaitleyPTI A man looks at the mortar shell marks on the wall of his house after firing from the Pakistani side at village Chilayari in Samba district, some 50 kms from Jammu on Wednesday.
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
In the strongest warning yet over unabated ceasefire violations from across the border, India today asserted that Pakistan will not be able to bear the cost of this “adventurism” if it persists with such “unprovoked” aggression.
“Pakistan in these attacks has clearly been the aggressor but it must realise that our deterrence will be credible. If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable,” Defence Minister Arun Jaitley told reporters here.
India’s strong message has reached Pakistan and will continue to do so if it persists with firing and shelling, he said.
If Pakistan wants peace on the borders, Jaitley said, it should stop what it is doing. “Pakistan has to stop this unprovoked firing and shelling. As long as that continues how can there be peace.”
Asked about chances of talks between leaders of the two countries, he shot back, “How can you talk when firing is on."
Our armed forces, Jaitley said, have been doing a commendable job.
He said India is a responsible country which is not an aggressor but it is responsible for fully protecting its people and land.
“Our forces are taking all steps they can to protect our people and land,” he said.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

ArcelorMittal  Gerdau sell US steel mill for $770 mnArcelorMittal, Gerdau sell US steel mill for $770 mn
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi/Luxembourg, Oct 9:  
The world’s biggest steel producer ArcelorMittal along with Brazil’s Gerdau has completed sale of their 50 per cent stakes in US-based Gallatin to Nucor Corp for USD 770 million as part of its strategy to divest non-core assets.
“ArcelorMittal and Gerdau... have completed the sale of their respective 50 per cent interests in Gallatin Steel Company (“Gallatin“) to Nucor Corporation. The sale was completed for a total cash consideration of USD 770 million,” the steel giant said in a statement.
Gallatin Steel is a joint venture between ArcelorMittal and Gerdau. Gallatin is a flat rolled mini-mill located in Gallatin County, Kentucky, USA that melts scrap, pig iron and hot briquetted iron from various sources, and processes the material to produce flat rolled steel.
It produces a wide range of steels from low to high carbon grades with an annual capacity of around 1.8 million tonnes.
“The sale of Gallatin unlocks substantial value for ArcelorMittal’s shareholders and is consistent with ArcelorMittal’s stated strategy of selective divestment of non-core assets,” Aditya Mittal, CFO of ArcelorMittal, had said earlier.
The decision to sell Gallatin was made in order for Gerdau to focus on its core assets in North America, Gerdau’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Andre B Gerdau Johannpeter said.
Gerdau is a leading manufacturer of long steel in the Americas and a major global supplier of special long steels.
The company recently began operations in two new Brazilian markets, with the production of flat steel and the expansion of its iron mining activities.
Gerdau has industrial operations in 14 countries across the Americas, Europe and Asia with a combined installed capacity of more than 25 million tonnes of steel per year.
It is also Latin America’s biggest recycler and, worldwide, transforms millions of tonnes of scrap metal into steel every year.
ArcelorMittal is the world’s leading steel and mining company, with a presence in more than 60 countries and an industrial footprint in over 20 countries.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

25% min public holding norms for listed PSU...You are here: Home > Collections
Government notifies 25% minimum public holding norms for listed PSUs
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 02.13PM IST
Tags:
MMTC
(Earlier proposal in June…)
NEW DELHI: Paving way for sale of PSU shares worth an estimated Rs 60,000 crore over three years, the government has notified rules for minimum 25 per cent public shareholding in listed state-owned firms.
To comply with these norms, over 30 listed PSUs will need to raise their public shareholding to minimum 25 per cent by August 21, 2017, as per a notification for amendment to the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules.
The move would help in promoting wider investor base in listed state-run companies and also provide a boost to the government's plan to raise funds from disinvestment programme.
Previously, the listed PSUs were required to have at least 10 per cent public holding, whereas the minimum public holding in non-PSU listed companies is already 25 per cent.
The non-PSUs were asked in June 2010 to attain minimum 25 per cent public shareholding within three years. Following the expiry of this deadline in June 2013, 105 listed companies were found to be non-compliant with these norms and necessary actions were initiated against them by regulator Sebi.
"... every listed public sector company which has public shareholding below twenty five per cent... shall increase its public shareholding to at least 25 per cent, within a period of three years, in the manner, as may be specified, by the Securities and Exchange Board of India," the Finance Ministry has said in its new notification for PSUs.
The new notification would bring in uniformity among all listed entities, irrespective of their promoter being the government or private sector entities, when it comes to minimum threshold limit for non-promoter or public holding.
As per the current valuations, the dilution in promoter holding in over 30 listed PSUs would lead to the government garnering over Rs 60,000 crore through sale of shares.
However, this figure might change as these share sales would take place over a long period of nearly three years.
The major PSUs where public shareholding is below 25 per cent include Coal India, SAIL , MMTC , NHPC, NMDC and SJVN.
While private sector firms were given three years time in June 2010 to achieve minimum 25 per cent public holding, the PSUs were also given three years in August that year to increase their public shareholding to at least 10 per cent.
The earlier proposal in June 2010 also required PSUs to attain minimum 25 per cent public holding, but these norms were relaxed later at that time.
However, a fresh proposal was mooted earlier this year and subsequently Sebi's board approved in June a proposal to require PSUs to have minimum 25 per cent public holding.
In case of 105 companies that were found non-compliant to minimum public holding norms, Sebi last year issued directions, including freezing of voting rights and corporate benefits such as dividend, issuance of rights and bonus shares, among others, with respect to excess of proportionate promoter shareholding in respective companies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Check out some trading ideas of Kunal BothraOct 09, 2014, 02.43 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Check out some trading ideas of Kunal Bothra
Watch the interview of Kunal Bothra of  LKP with Sumaira Abidi and Nigel D'Souza on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Check out some trading ideas of Kunal Bothra
Watch the interview of Kunal Bothra of  LKP with Sumaira Abidi and Nigel D'Souza on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here
Watch the interview of Kunal Bothra of LKP with Sumaira Abidi and Nigel D'Souza on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Kunal Bothra's interview with CNBC-TV18.
Ashok Leyland  is trading at 52-week high. It is trading with a very fair bit of momentum over the last couple of days. Breaking above all the short-term and medium-term resistances the stock could see some bit of more buying happening.
I am looking at Rs 48-50 from a short term perspective in it. It could be start of a very strong and a very big rally which could probably last for multi years and stoploss is Rs 43.
RELATED NEWS

Short IDFC  says Kunal SaraogiLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Short IDFC, says Kunal Saraogi
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush recommends shorting IDFC and feels that Ashok Leyland can test Rs 47.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush told CNBC-TV18, " IDFC did a bit of a rebound today but then it didn’t really succeed in sustaining. The stock can go down more from the current levels. One should short IDFC at the current levels with the first target of Rs 134 and put a stoploss at Rs 141."
"The stock that I really like is Ashok Leyland  that has outperformed and did really well in yesterday’s trade. It is building upon that momentum. The stock can get to Rs 47 and one should put a stoploss at Rs 43-50," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Board of Cox & Kings approves raising of funds upto Rs 1200 croreBoard of Cox & Kings approves raising of funds upto Rs 1200 crore
Volumes jump at Standard Chartered Plc counterVolumes jump at Standard Chartered Plc counter
Sensex zooms 376 points; Hindalco  BHEL  SBI major gainersSensex zooms 376 points; Hindalco  BHEL  SBI major gainers
Previous govts didn t help MP to shed  BIMARU  tag: ModiPrevious govts didn t help MP to shed  BIMARU  tag: Modi
Govt notifies 25% minimum public holding norms for listed PSUsGovt notifies 25% minimum public holding norms for listed PSUs
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
Paving way for sale of PSU shares worth an estimated Rs 60,000 crore over three years, the government has notified rules for minimum 25 per cent public shareholding in listed state-owned firms.
To comply with these norms, over 30 listed PSUs will need to raise their public shareholding to minimum 25 per cent by August 21, 2017, as per a notification for amendment to the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules.
The move would help in promoting wider investor base in listed state-run companies and also provide a boost to the government’s plan to raise funds from disinvestment programme.
Previously, the listed PSUs were required to have at least 10 per cent public holding, whereas the minimum public holding in non-PSU listed companies is already 25 per cent.
The non-PSUs were asked in June 2010 to attain minimum 25 per cent public shareholding within three years. Following the expiry of this deadline in June 2013, 105 listed companies were found to be non-compliant with these norms and necessary actions were initiated against them by regulator SEBI.
”... every listed public sector company which has public shareholding below twenty five per cent... shall increase its public shareholding to at least 25 per cent, within a period of three years, in the manner, as may be specified, by the Securities and Exchange Board of India,” the Finance Ministry has said in its new notification for PSUs.
The new notification would bring in uniformity among all listed entities, irrespective of their promoter being the government or private sector entities, when it comes to minimum threshold limit for non-promoter or public holding.
As per the current valuations, the dilution in promoter holding in over 30 listed PSUs would lead to the government garnering over Rs 60,000 crore through sale of shares.
However, this figure might change as these share sales would take place over a long period of nearly three years.
The major PSUs where public shareholding is below 25 per cent include Coal India, SAIL, MMTC, NHPC, NMDC and SJVN.
While private sector firms were given three years time in June 2010 to achieve minimum 25 per cent public holding, the PSUs were also given three years in August that year to increase their public shareholding to at least 10 per cent.
The earlier proposal in June 2010 also required PSUs to attain minimum 25 per cent public holding, but these norms were relaxed later at that time.
However, a fresh proposal was mooted earlier this year and subsequently SEBI’s board approved in June a proposal to require PSUs to have minimum 25 per cent public holding.
In case of 105 companies that were found non-compliant to minimum public holding norms, SEBI last year issued directions, including freezing of voting rights and corporate benefits such as dividend, issuance of rights and bonus shares, among others, with respect to excess of proportionate promoter shareholding in respective companies.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

INVENTING THE ZERO: REACHING FOR INFINITYAlthough India remains one of the best games amongst emerging markets, incremental outflows can be seen flowing into north Asia, specifically China and Korea in near-term, says Manishi Raychaudhuri of BNP Paribas....
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

3 Design Tips for Building a Website for a Small Businessreddit
Many small businesses will turn to local developers when it comes to building their first business website, while others will rely on agencies, or even step up and take on the challenge themselves. Today, we want to help those who're brave enough to be building their own website.
Not everyone is able to afford expensive designer and developer work, but even then - it costs hundreds of times less to just learn a common web development programming language (e.g., JavaScript , Python , HTML5/CSS3 ) and do all of the work yourself. Explore the Huff Code area for more tips on programming !
Alright, so what are the common design mistakes that most businesses make ? Is it lack of content, or is it too much content? Is everything too close together, or too far apart? Is the website difficult to navigate because the overall color choice is not working? They're out there, we just need to learn to spot them.
Content
Your typical small business website will consist of several pages, things like contact page, about us, and sitemap pages are quite essential, but most will suit to their own needs. You're literally telling people what your business is about through content.
Your job is to make sure that whatever copy you're putting up on your website, is logical, and actually reads well. Not taking care of things like the copy of your website, is a serious signal that you might not care about other parts of your business either.
I recommend focusing on the call-to-action calls, make sure that all your messages are encouraging people to take action. Learn to combine the atmosphere of your business with your website.
Design
It is typically the standard to place your websites logo in either the center of the header, or in the top left corner, placing it in any other place is going to distract and/or confuse your customers - stick to practices that work!
Grab a friend, or a co-worker, to come and give you a hand with the choice of colors that you've made on your website. It's much easier to know whether a website is comfortable for reading and browsing, when someone rolls in second opinion. Send it out to whoever, just get those thoughts!
Navigation is also pretty crucial, it's how visitors find things on your website, so make sure to make things as accessible as possible. Give each of your navigation links a space of its own, don't make post navigation look like category selection.
Completeness
I have seen this happen with startups quite a bit, you start out early with a limited number of team members, and just when things start to heat up in areas like development and design, the look of the current website gets completely forgotten! Never publish content that's not one hundred percent ready.
You can spice up your website with things like photo galleries, online stores, contact form, or simply great content! On top of making your website content-rich , make it Google-friendly and enjoy the benefits of organic search traffic.
If you do have to put aside the front-end things of your website, why not put up a coming soon page or something of similar nature? It really helps to avoid showing people broken pages and features.
Follow Alex Ivanovs on Twitter: www.twitter.com/alexivanovs
More:

MBA is the best investment for your futureShamni Pande      Follow @ShamniPande    Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 11:40 IST
Srivatsa Krishna, a 1994-batch IAS officer.
He is a high-achieving bureaucrat and an MBA from the Harvard Business School. Srivatsa Krishna, a 1994-batch IAS officer, shares his personal views with Business Today's Shamni Pande on why a management degree is a good investment for the future. He is currently serving as Secretary, Department of IT, Biotechnology & Science & Technology, Government of Karnataka.
Q. What made you opt for an MBA ?
A. I think of myself as a dreamer and a doer, both at once. I topped my batch in the national civil services examination in 1994 and opted for IAS (Indian Administrative Service), which to my mind is the most incredible opportunity available to touch the lives of people, in myriad different ways. Having been in the government for several years, there was a curiosity to know about the "other side". Is it really tougher or easier to bring about change in the private sector? What skills does a top notch MBA possess which can be of value inside government? What can the private sector learn from the government and vice versa?
FULL COVERAGE: Best B-Schools 2014
Since before me, no serving IAS officer had done the Harvard Business School (HBS) MBA, it was an intellectual challenge to get in. Taking the GMAT (Graduate Management Admission Test) and other application procedures after being away from academics for 10 years was quite exciting.
Q. How has an MBA helped you?
A. MBA helps in two ways. One it  equips you with tools and experiences which are "transportable" to other sectors. In other words, the classroom experience and the extremely accomplished classmates one meets at HBS, contribute to a life changing experience. The pedagogy used by HBS is simply brilliant and culls the best of everything that is out there, to give an extremely fulfilling educational experience. Second, you enter a network which is very powerful and the sum of the parts is much greater than the whole. Thus your ability to reach out to "anyone, anytime, anywhere" in the world, is unparalleled through the HBS network. There is simply no more powerful and helpful network on the planet, which almost always unfailingly helps you out when you need help.
Q. Do you think that this gives an advantage to people seeking varied opportunities that might they might have missed otherwise?
A. Unarguably the MBA is the best investment in your future. In India people invest in homes, in gold, but a good MBA is worth infinitely more than all these, for it equips you with transferable skills and prepares you for an exceptional career, be it in government or the corporate sector. It gives you access to people, ideas and skills which prepares you for an exceptional career, cutting across domains.
Q. What was your experience like outside the government and what did you learn?
A. I worked in diverse sectors- in investing, consulting, infrastructure and in the multilateral world. To create a sustainable change inside any organisation, especially one which is rooted in the past, is incredibly hard to do. It is not just about vested interests but more about vested mindsets and ideas, and taking the horse to water is one challenge, making it drink is another, but often, one has to create both the horse and the water, inside a dreary desert and then make it drink!
Q. What made you come back?
A. Indian Administrative Service (IAS) is a deep undying passion for me and even today, is perhaps one of the best careers in India, for none else gives the scope, the canvas, the diversity and the challenges, at every step of the way, irrespective of where one works. So immediately post B-school though I got a million dollar offer from one of the top most investment funds in the world, yet because government did not permit, I decided to go to World Bank in Washington DC, something that the IAS allows. After working across different countries and implementing large projects in complex situations, I came back to my first love, IAS, to work in public service, which is both meaningful and challenging.
Q. Has the system been supportive of your initiative and desire to hone your skills and gain varied experience?
A. Absolutely. IAS as a system allows one to hone skills and do a variety of things and then bring back these diverse experiences to impact the lives of citizens. Part of the richness of the IAS as a service comes from this flexibility that it offers.
Q. Do you think people more people prefer to do an MBA during a recession?
A. Data shows that during recessions more people opt for an MBA to retool and re-skill themselves and to take time out to rethink their careers. Many want to change paths and doing a MBA is a great way of making that happen.
Q. Finally, do you think it is important for people such as you to actually work outside the government for sometime?
A. Working outside government almost always gives you a 360 degree view of the world, to look at problems differently and find innovative solutions. If you want to be an entrepreneur inside government,  you need to think laterally and out of the box, but yet not break the box, all at once. You have to be a reformer and the Pope, both at once inside government and to do that you need to go outside government for sometime. A combination of practical tools such as how to read a balance sheet or valuation of a company or an idea, or use technology to do direct cash transfers to the poor or design a large economic zone that creates jobs and wealth.
Think about it: government can put a man on the moon, but can't collect garbage efficiently; we can reach Mars if we want to, but can't fix our potholes. The irony couldn't be starker. For India to become important, not just remain self-important, and to rise to its erstwhile glory of being a "golden bird"- remember not very long ago, in 1600 and 1700, our economy was among the top two economies in the world, accounting for a quarter of the world's income. Somewhere along the way India has lost its way in the world. The time is here and now, to find our way back and rise to become one of the world's most productive places to work and happy places to live in.

Ex-top cop Satyapal Singh takes Pappu jibe at Rahul GandhiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jayalalithaa case: Spl prosecutor sparks AIADMK celebrations across Tamil Nadu  judge cuts them shortE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Delhi cop s blunt response prompts Modi to rethink securityEYE BROWSE
Delhi cop's blunt response prompts Modi rethink security
As Modi spoke with the police personnel present, he asked them why they did not keep their workplace clean. What followed was not the usual embarrassed silence, but a clear, if slightly impertinent, reply from Constable Ram Kumar.
Mail Today –  Wed 8 Oct, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: The honest - and brave -  reply of a Delhi Police Constable has prompted Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s office to re-evaluate the deployment of nearly 500 security personnel during his movement in the Capital.
This trigger was pulled on October 2 during the launch of the Swachh Bharat campaign, when Modi had picked up a broom to sweep the parking area of Mandir Marg Police Station in the Capital.
As Modi spoke with the police personnel present, he asked them why they did not keep their workplace clean. What followed was not the usual embarrassed silence, but a clear, if slightly impertinent, reply from Constable Ram Kumar (name changed).
Kumar told Modi the police station was not clean because “a majority of them (policemen) remained occupied with his security route and they just didn’t have the time for anything else”.
Ram Kumar had his moment, and Modi left for Rajghat soon after.
The remark must have struck home, because the deployment of 50-odd policemen at just one barricade on Tees January Marg where incoming traffic had also been stopped was one of the examples that came up later in the PMO’s talks with the Delhi Police.
“On October 3, a new set of guidelines for the security arrangements came from the PMO which clearly asked the Delhi Police to deploy only the required number of personnel for the prime minister’s security instead of turning the city into a fortress,” a senior police officer said on condition of anonymity.
Police Headquarters is now abuzz with talk of “trimming down” security deployment on VIP routes, with “no suffering for citizens when Modi is on the move” being the latest catchphrase.
Cut-down
The security trim-down initiative comes in the wake of the Prime Minister’s recent visit to the United States, where the President often mingles with regular citizens without security paraphernalia getting in the way.
The US tour, and Modi’s first-hand experience there, itself came on the heels of a few VIP movement events that caused great inconvenience to members of the public.
These include the Prime Minister’s visit to a hospital in Saket to visit a post-surgery recuperating Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. Traffic movement in South Delhi was disrupted for hours that day as the VVIP visit led to the closure of certain routes.
Hospital authorities said Modi was with Jaitley for nearly 45 minutes, and left around 10.30pm.
The removal by police crane of a car with the woman who owned it sitting inside during the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping had also generated a new talking points, and was seen as an adverse development.
“In their new directions, the PMO has also asked the Delhi Police not to restrict traffic movement on the opposite carriageway so as to cause minimum inconvenience to the commuters by the PM’s convoy,” the senior police officer added.
The security arrangements on routes taken by the Prime Minister were changed after Modi took over.
The police would earlier earmark just one route for the Prime Minister, but have started using two routes now. This has been done in consonance with the heightened threat perception.
“We carry out a dummy exercise and the entire routine is followed while the PM is safely taken using another route. It’s only at the last moment that the route to be taken is decided so as to maintain secrecy about his movements," another police officer said.
Mail Today reported on July 29 that around 450 high-quality closed circuit cameras will be installed along these routes (see accompanying graphic).
The PM Security Wing of Delhi Police will be responsible for monitoring these roads. Around ‘12 specified daily routes’ of the Prime Minister will be under constant watch by the police, they added.
“The security agencies have received multiple alerts from the Intelligence Bureau (IB) about possible threats to Modi from the Indian Mujahideen and other fundamentalist groups operating in Jammu and Kashmir," a top Delhi Police officer told Mail Today.
Sources said: "12 specified daily routes" of the PM that are frequently used include Prime Minister's residence (7 Race Course Road) to the airport; to BJP headquarters on Ashoka Road; to prime minister's office in Raisina Hill; to Vigyan Bhawan; to Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh's Delhi office at Keshav Kunj; to Rajghat; to Parliament; and to Rashtrapati Bhavan."
Sources told Mail Today that recently a special team was formed under the supervision of Assistant Commissioner of Police (Chanakyapuri sub-division) Sukhraj Katewa to identify the spots where CCTV cameras have to be installed.
Recommend

Yahoo Restructuring: Rivals Offer Jobs to Staff Who May Face AxeDDA Housing Scheme: Draw to be Held on Tuesday
Even as Yahoo confirmed on Tuesday that it was going to restructure its Bangalore office, internet companies in India started expressing their interest in hiring the California-based global internet giant's employees who may be handed pink-slips.
A report by TechCrunch on Tuesday said that Yahoo was looking to lay off around 400 people, mainly working in product engineering from its Bangalore office.
Rival internet companies like Times Internet and Zomato reached out to Yahoo's Bangalore staff through social media and asked them to apply to their companies.
Times Internet CEO Satyan Gajwani posted back to back tweets on Tuesday evening inviting Yahoo's staff to join his company.
 
Yahooers- We are hiring across skill sets and across businesses. Send me a mail sg@timesgroup.com and explore your options!
- Satyan Gajwani (@satyangajwani) October 7, 2014
Zomato founder and CEO Deepinder Goyal also took to micro-blogging site Twitter on Tuesday evening and said, "We're (always) hiring." The tweet was clearly directed at Yahoo employees, as the e-mail given for sending resumes was yahoo@zomato.com along with a smart caption, "Yeah, Who?" that sounds like the California-internet giant's name.
 
- Deepinder Goyal (@deepigoyal) October 7, 2014
Despite, the confirmation that Yahoo is making changes in its Bangalore operations that would lead to "consolidation of certain teams into fewer offices", the company did not comment directly on reports that it is laying off a large chunk of its India staff. The size of its Bangalore office is the largest after its California headquarters. Yahoo had roughly 2,000 employees in Bangalore in March 2013, according to reports.  
 

BlackBerry shows how Indians  see  cell phonesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

RBI Not Considering Opening Up ECB Route in Big Way: Deputy GovernorMumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is not considering further opening up the external commercial borrowing (ECB) route, Deputy Governor H R Khan told reporters on the sidelines of a conference on Wednesday.
Last month, the apex bank had allowed foreign lenders to issue rupee-denominated loans to Indian companies overseas.
Mr Khan also reiterated the RBI is working on allowing settlements of government bonds in the Euroclear system, the world's biggest securities settlement system. ( Read more )
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

 Spate of Layoffs Clouds PM s  Make in India  PushFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
When Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched his ambitious "Make in India" campaign in September, there were hopes that a large number of jobs would be created over the next few months leading higher income levels and faster domestic growth. Rapid creation of jobs is important to ensure employment for over 10 million Indians, who join the workforce every year.
However, events over the last few days have dampened the sentiments in the jobs market. On Tuesday, Yahoo Inc confirmed that it was downsizing its Bangalore office, which employs roughly 2,000 employees and is Yahoo's largest engineering facility outside California. ( Read the story here )
The same day, global handset maker Nokia said it would suspend production at its troubled Chennai facility from November 1. The Chennai factory, which employed about 6,600 full-time workers in April, has been caught in a tax dispute with the government. ( Read )
Former Infosys chief financial officer and board member TV Mohandas Pai tweeted, "Nokia to Shut Down Chennai Factory From November 1. Where does make in India go? Sad."
Nokia to Shut Down Chennai Factory From November 1 Where does make in India go? Sad http://t.co/VDAMJ93J2T pic.twitter.com/7MYAUoKGkT
-Mohandas Pai (@MDPai05) October 7, 2014
There were other tweets too,
Narendra Modi's "Make in India" campaign off to a rousing start in Madras and Bangalore. pic.twitter.com/qDWuR53CjE
-churumuri (@churumuri) October 8, 2014
On Monday, global tech major Hewlett-Packard decided to eliminate another 5,000 jobs as part of its turnaround plan. HP, which is splitting into two listed companies, had earlier announced a restructuring plan that involved cutting the total employee count by 50,000. ( Read )
It is not known how many Indian employees will be axed as part of HP's global cost-cutting strategy, but shares in Mphasis, an Indian company in which HP has 60 per cent stake have seen a sharp selloff over the last few days.
Mphasis shares closed 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 404.60 today after earlier dropping by over 3 per cent. Over the last one month, Mphasis shares are down 10 per cent as compared to a 1 per cent fall in the IT sub-index on the BSE. ( Read )
According to unconfirmed reports, India's third largest outsourcer Wipro is planning to slim its workflow down by about a third through automation. Angel Broking says Wipro is looking at being around 1 lakh-strong workforce in three years from 1.46 lakh as on FY2014.
The development at Wipro confirms the broad trend across India's over $100 billion IT industry, which is moving towards greater automation and non-linear models (revenue growth delinked from hiring). Hiring in the IT sector is already under pressure because more and more companies are resorting to "just-in-time hiring" because of abundant labour and predictable demand. Wages (at entry level) have not risen for years. ( Read )
These developments have huge ramifications for India's services sector, which employs around 27 per cent of workforce.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Haryana polls: No breach of model code in state government nod to Vadra-DLF land deal  says EC3
0
New Delhi: The Election Commission on Wednesday ruled that there appears to be no violation of the model code of conduct by Haryana government in clearing the land deal between Robert Vadra and real estate major DLF.
Responding to the allegation levelled by BJP's Election Cell, the EC said in its order that "...there does not seem to be any violation of the model code of conduct by the government of Haryana in the above matter after the coming into force of the model code of conduct from September 12...".
The model code is in force in Haryana where assembly polls are due on October 15. Haryana government's validation of the mutation of the land sold by a company owned by Vadra to DLF had sparked a row in the run up to the state assembly poll.
The model code is in force in Haryana where assembly polls are due on October 15.
#haryana #haryana government #haryana assembly elections 2014 #election commission
The two-page EC order said the report dated October 7 received from the Financial Commissioner and the Principal Secretary of Haryana government states that the decision on the request for renewal and transfer of licence in favour of DLF Ltd is pending in the department since October, 2012, for want of clarification regarding the issue of ownership.
The EC said the Town and Country Planning Department has sought this clarification from the Director General, Consolidation of Land Holding and Land Records, which is yet to be received.
Therefore, the request for transfer and renewal of licence is pending in the department on which no action has been taken since then, said the EC order quoting the state government.
The Financial Commissioner of Haryana government also told the EC no action on the subject has been taken in the Town and Country Planning Department either during the period of operation of model code of conduct or before its imposition. The poll body said the Director, Consolidation of Holdings of the state government, gave a similar reply.
"Further, the Chief Secretary, Haryana, has also confirmed the above factual position in the matter," the EC told convenor of BJP Election Cell R Ramakrishna.
5

Turkeys Syrian stance widens ethnic riftsTurkey’s Syria policy is undoing years of rapprochement with Kurds
By Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7e84cc9a-4efc-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Remember Chand Mohammad He is back as Chander Mohan  for votesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Shahid Kapoor starrer  Haider  box office collections sink to Rs 5 cr on day 5Shahid Kapoor starrer 'Haider' box office collections sink to Rs 5 cr on day 5
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 08 2014, 01:37  IST
Oct 08 2014, 01:37  IST
 

Maharashtra polls: Parties take social media route to woo voters9
0
Mumbai: Taking a cue from the success of BJP's online campaign in Lok Sabha election, the other parties have opened up their war chest to spend on social media to expand the reach of their mass contact campaign for the Maharashtra Assembly polls.
The NCP, staring at a massive anti-incumbency factor, is using the platform of social media to showcase the development work done by it in 15 years of power in the state.
"We have realised that social media is the best way to reach out to youths, who account for nearly 55 per cent of India's population. NCP has started using this medium extensively now to reach out to our voters," party's chief media co-ordinator Ravikant Varpe said.
A specialised team of people has been put on the job to constantly monitor any negative trend towards the party, Varpe said.
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections #ncp #bjp
A specialised team of people has been put on the job to constantly monitor any negative trend towards the party, Varpe said.
"The media cell ensures that we rectify our mistakes and make amendments to eliminate the negative perception in the minds of people," said the 28-year-old NCP leader.
NCP is taking special care to strategise the content and timing of television advertisements to counter those by rival political parties, he said.
"Parties are using TV ads to spread false propaganda. TV is used as a medium to showcase only the negatives of the state. They say the state is lagging behind in terms of economic and social development and that we did nothing when we were in power. But the people should know what the truth is.
"Our ads will show how Maharashtra has developed economically and progressed on social indices in the last decade of our governance," Varpe said.
The BJP, on the other hand, is trying to take its social media strategy to a new level with an 'election committee' war room set up, that works 24x7 and sends messages of any development happening in the party to the voters.
"The candidates are using WhatsApp, Facebook to update the events of the day. We have also been sending messages and using an automated voice calling facility that conveys our message to the people," said Atul Shah, BJP spokesperson who is the candidate from Mumbadevi constituency.
"Our goal is to ensure that we use social media much more effectively than the way we used in Lok Sabha elections, to replicate our previous result in the state," Shah said.
The Congress, after the massive drubbing in LS polls, has now aimed at devising an aggressive and effective media strategy for the party ahead of the state Assembly elections.
"There are 58 district Congress offices in the state. In each district we have a team of social media experts incharge of Facebook and WhatsApp. In some districts we have people keeping a watch on Twitter and YouTube as well. It is through these channels we push the party's view point that we want to communicate to the people," MPCC secretary and incharge of IT and social media Dilip Chalil said.
The response from social media campaigns has been extremely good, Chalil said. "We expect the social media campaigning to play a big role in helping us win these elections," he expressed.
2

DDA asked to allot flat to woman  pay her Rs 50 000E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

FII selling in cash mkt worrying; 7850 key Nifty support: Nomura08:00 am
Selling by overseas investors in the cash market is a worrying sign, believes Tushar Mahajan, Head of listed Futures & Options - India, Nomura Financial Advisory & Sec.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, he says that foreign intuitional investors (FIIs) have been cutting long positions on index futures as well. Mahajan would be keenly awaiting the FII data that will be released today after the market closes.
He also recommends market participants to keep an eye on India volatility index (VIX) as he doesn’t see it moving towards 11-12 levels.
Q2FY15 earnings and assembly election results will be the factors that will direct stock market’s movement going ahead, he added. He sees strong support for Nifty at 7,850.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Tushar Mahajan’s interview with Latha Venkatesh on CNBC-TV18.
Q: In this rather bright picture what rankled was that big sell number from the foreign institutional investors (FIIs), Rs 1400 crore. What exactly are the FIIs doing in the F&O space, is it giving you cause for concern at all?
A: We have been very worried about the fact that almost for three weeks we have been seeing this continuous sell number. If you add up the data, we are almost looking at 1 billion plus of selling over the last maybe two to three weeks of selling that we have been seeing.
On the future side also the positions on the long side have been cut gradually especially on the index side. As the markets were coming off, people started putting up a lot of Put options and selling Calls. Given the reversal that we have seen today, there is definitely some sort of trigger with respect to short covering as well which might cause the markets to rally further up from here.
However, even end of day today I would be very watchful of what the FII numbers comes out at the end of the day because we have to clearly see that trend break which we have seen over the last two to three days to say things have bottomed out.
Q: What about the volatility index and Put-Call ratio, more importantly the volatility index; would you watch it and what is the trajectory you are expecting?
A: It had almost come down to about 10-11 points which was clearly signaling the fact that markets were very complacent, almost maybe two weeks back or so and then it inched up. It has eased off a little today as expected given the kind of opening that we have seen. However, I would continue to watch out that number and the change on the Put-Call ratio as well.
What we saw recently was that people were adding on to Puts and selling some Calls and that was moving the Put-Call ratio slightly higher. I look at that number as a range, if it is below 0.8 or if it is above 1.8 that is where I look at it as more meaningful. At the current levels of 1-1.1 it doesn’t signal much because that acts as a contra indicator. However, that is something which one has to kind of keep looking at.
However, more importantly the VIX number, the volatility number that is something that you have to watch out for. It has cooled off today but I don\\'t think that we will see it cool off yet again.
Q: What is the expectation on the Nifty itself, how is it expected to end this series, I agree we are still very young in the contract but where are the bets?
A: You have got a whole bunch of earnings season coming in between today and the time when the futures expire. So, earnings, definitely is going to be a big trigger. Also, politically the big noise that we are now beginning to see over election, so, you will also have the election results coming out in this series. So, given the kind of moving variables that we have over the next two weeks or so before the contract ends, might be difficult.
However, very clearly what today’s behaviour or the market action over the last three days has indicated is that there was a strong support at 7850, the markets did take that support, the futures almost bounced off that level yesterday. Even in yesterday’s trading session while there was a lot of volatility around the zero level, the fact of the matter was at any point we were not able to break down below that 7850 decisively.
Given the strong opening that we saw today and then which is being kind of followed on with a strong session today, I would tend to think that this is a breakout. We are seeing midcaps also moving in. So, in this current round of move up you could probably see the markets move up to 8050-8100 yet again; that is a crucial level again to watch out for. However, with today’s move we should see some follow on moving to 8100 or so.
Q: What is the  Infosys trade today?
A: We have seen the stock kind of come off a little over the last few trading sessions. It has cooled off from about Rs 3800 levels to Rs 3650 now. Like your previous speakers were also talking about the fact that there is a 3 percent dollar growth, if the numbers are largely inline, we won’t see too much action.
I think the options data on Infosys options also are probably indicating at this point in time that you will not see the kind of 5-6 percent moves that we have been used to seeing on Infosys results day. So, it probably could be a much muted number this quarter around just like the last quarter but unlike what we used to see earlier.
Q: Give us a couple of stock strategies because there are so many interesting moves. The big sell in pharma including stocks like Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories though it has recovered today, the big selling we saw in metals and then the recovery yesterday – any strategies, any stocks that you want to speak about?
A: I think two spaces that we are now watching out very closely and that also ties in with the other macro data that gets released around next week – IIP, inflation and all of that is on the banking space and the industrials especially  Larsen and Toubro (L&T).
So, we think that there is some kind of capex revival which is coming around and the first beneficiary of that is going to L&T given it is the most liquid tradeable name in that space. So, that is something which you want to trade with a long bias either through options or just buy futures. However, we think that this stock is headed to about Rs 1550-1575 levels in the short-term.
On the banking space, the preference is always towards private sector banks. However, given the kind of pain that we have see with the public sector banks, as a sheer outperformance trade we could see some public sector banks move ahead tactically.
Q: Bank of Baroda (BoB) types?
A: Exactly.
Q: So you would recommend a short-covering or a long trade in Bank of Baroda ?
A: Absolutely.

Expect RBI to restart NBFC licensing: Shriram Transport08:00 am
Umesh Revankar, Managing Director at  Shriram Transport Finance Company expects the Reserve Bank to restart NBFC licensing soon. Speaking to CNBC-TV18, he said the company has made strong representation to the RBI with respect to NPL recognition norm.
Speaking about the transport sector, Revankar said bulk goods transport is still subduedl but heavy commercial vehicle (HCV) sales have improved on a month-on-month basis.
Below is the transcript of Umesh Revankar's interview with Latha Venkatesh on CNBC-TV18.
Q: I want to talk to you about truck business. After a bit of uptick in the commercial vehicle sales September was deafeningly lower sales that we saw from Tata Motors and a little less from Ashok Leyland. What is the scene on the ground? Are sales picking up at all, is your money moving?
A: There was some replacement demand coming in the month of August and September, so month on month there is increased sales in heavy commercial vehicles (HCVs). Normally these vehicles have to be replaced after three-four years so some replacement demand keeps on coming. However, nothing big is moving on the ground as far as movements of goods are concerned because none of the big infrastructure projects or mining activities has started.
Therefore, unless these big activities like mining and infrastructure starts, I do not see great opportunity for new vehicle sales but used vehicle demand is quite good especially expecting reasonably good agricultural output. After the bigger agricultural output last year this year also has been reasonably good and we are expecting it bountiful in the month of October-November and the rabi crop also is likely to be good. So, used vehicles and small vehicle demand should make us grow. I feel there will be reasonably good demand for credit in the couple of quarters next year.
Q: End October Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to announce its new framework for non banking financial companies (NBFCs). We do not know what the details will be but a very big guess going in the investor community is that non-performing asset (NPA) recognition which now is 180 days for NBFC companies could be brought to 90 days at least the Usha Thorat committee is leading us to prepare for that. If that were to happen surely you will be given a year or two but what could be the impact on provisioning for you in FY15 and in FY16?
A: We have made strong representation to RBI because the customers we are dealing with are unbanked or under banked. We also have told them that they cannot be put on par with banking customers. Therefore, we are not looking at the change immediately and we are not trying to work out and look at the numbers. I won’t be able to give numbers on that but I feel RBI is in readiness to give more licenses because they had stopped NBFC because they feel that more NBFCs are required in the growing economy.
The report I would like to refer here of World Bank Report of 2012 which talks about small businesses not being financed by banks.
Shriram Trans stock price
On November 24, 2014, Shriram Transport Finance Corporation closed at Rs 1053.50, down Rs 2.15, or 0.2 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1084.55 and the 52-week low was Rs 550.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 53.11 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.84. The latest book value of the company is Rs 364.65 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.89.

We have political will to undertake financial reform: RBI Guv Raghuram RajanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mahendra Singh Dhoni sole Indian on Forbes  most valuable athlete brand listE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Now  Arun Jaitley threatens Pakistan  says India will make attacks  unaffordableE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

We have political will to undertake financial reform: RajanOct 09, 2014, 11.58 AM IST  | Source: PTI
We have political will to undertake financial reform: Rajan
"Financial reform is not difficult - we have the political will to improve," the Indian Consulate here tweeted the RBI governor as saying during an event yesterday. "Time to deliver begins now. We need to focus on deliverables," another tweet quoting Rajan said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
We have political will to undertake financial reform: Rajan
"Financial reform is not difficult - we have the political will to improve," the Indian Consulate here tweeted the RBI governor as saying during an event yesterday. "Time to deliver begins now. We need to focus on deliverables," another tweet quoting Rajan said.
Post your opinion here
 
Underscoring the need for financial sector reforms, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan has stressed that the "time to deliver begins now" and there is political will to undertake reforms and improve India's economic growth.
"Financial reform is not difficult - we have the political will to improve," the Indian Consulate here tweeted the RBI governor as saying during an event yesterday. "Time to deliver begins now. We need to focus on deliverables," another tweet quoting Rajan said.
The head of India's central bank addressed a select gathering of prominent and influential Indian-American businessmen from the finance and investment banking sector at an event organised by the Consulate General in collaboration with the India-America Chamber of Commerce.
Outlining the major areas that require change and immediate implementation, Rajan said it is a good time to invest in the Indian economy now. Developing infrastructure, improving quality of human capital, optimum regulation for good business and extensive financial sector reform should be the next steps for improvement and development of the Indian economy, according a press statement issued by the Consulate.
Rajan encouraged the Indian-American business community to get involved in the "nitty gritty of the implementation process," saying such involvement was not difficult especially since the Indian government has the political will to reform. "Over the years, India has outgrown its institutions,"
Rajan was quoted as saying in the statement.
"Such institutions only worked well when we had the practice of resource allocation, which was a source of revenue. This was a time when coal could be extracted from the ground with your bare hands."
Rajan said the Indian economy can no longer work with this model, adding that just as there were drastic democratic changes that reacted to the economic slump in the past decade, institutions also have reacted. He emphasized on the need to convert talk about change into delivering and implementing reforms, the press statement said.
Making crucial recommendations to creating a more investment-friendly market in India, Rajan said stalled projects need to get back on track and "clearance should be from capital and on ground." He further said that complex labor laws need to be improved to benefit both employers and workers and self-certification should be allowed to eliminate the stressful and cumbersome process of inspections.
RELATED NEWS

If Pakistan persists with adventurism  India will make it unaffordable for them: Arun Jaitley20
0
New Delhi: Putting forth a firm stance, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley in a strong warning said that if Pakistan does not stop the unprovoked firing, it will have to pay a heavy price. "If Pakistan persists with adventurism, Indian forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable for them," Jaitley said.
He also blamed Pakistan for being an aggressor in carrying out repeated ceasefire violations. "India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor. Pakistan has been an aggressor. India's paramount duty is to defend its people and its territory," Jaitley said.
Lauding the defence forces for doing a commendable job in defending the unprovoked acts of aggression by Pakistan, the Defence Minister in strong words said that, "Pakistan must realise that our deterrence will be credible."
#pak dares india #pakistan #ceasefire violations #arun jaitley
Earlier, Home Minister Rajnath Singh too, commended the Indian Army and said that the Border Security Forces are giving a befitting reply to the neighbours for violating the ceasefire.
Singh maintained that Prime Minister Narendra Modi is keeping a close eye on the situation on the border. "The PM doesn't need to say anything because our BSF jawans are giving a befitting reply. He is constantly aware about what is happening and has an eye on it," Singh said adding that the government is satisfied with the response by BSF to ceasefire violation by Pakistan.
Firing from Pakistan continued on Thursday for the fourth straight day in all seven sectors along the International Border. Two Indian women have been killed in overnight shelling that took place on Thursday by Pakistani forces along the International Border in Jammu and Kashmir.
Pakistan rangers targetted 60 BSF outposts and over 80 villages in fresh mortar shelling and firing in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts along the International Border.
According to sources, the PM has given the Army and Border Security Force a free hand to tackle ceasefire violations by Pakistani troops. A team under National Security Advidor (NSA) Ajit Doval is currently monitoring the situation.
66

Monsanto India surges on FIIs buyingMonsanto India surges on FIIs buying
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 12:18 PM IST
Shares of agrochemicals company Monsanto India has surged 10% to Rs 3,124 on National Stock Exchange (NSE) after the company said the foreign investors have increased their stake in the company by nearly one per cent age points during July-September quarter.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) holding in Monsanto India rose to 2.18% in September quarter, according latest shareholding pattern filed by the company. FIIs held 1.39% stake in the company at the end of June quarter and 0.01% in September 2013 quarter.
The stock is among major outperformer in past one year by gaining 400% compared to less than 40% rise in benchmark index CNX Nifty.
However, the domestic institutional investors holding decline to 2.57% in September quarter from 3.27% in June quarter, data shows.
Today, the stock opened at Rs 2,868 and hit a high of Rs 3,164 on NSE. The trading volumes on the counter has been more than double with a combined 166,860 shares changing hands till noon deals on NSE and BSE.
 

US to step up Ebola screening at airportsUS to step up Ebola screening at airports
PTI
print
In its effort to prevent any Ebola-infected patient entering America's shores, the US will introduce additional screening of passengers at the country's five busiest airports from this week.
The five airports are John F Kennedy International Airport in New York, Washington Dulles International Airport outside Washington, DC, O'Hare International Airport in Chicago, Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport in Atlanta and Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey.Watch: Airport screening expanded in US after Ebola patient dies
New York's JFK International Airport will begin the new screening on Saturday. In the 12 months ending July 2014, JFK received nearly half of travelers from the three West African nations.
Read: First Ebola patient diagnosed in the US dies in Texas hospital
The enhanced entry screening at Washington-Dulles, Newark, Chicago-O'Hare, and Atlanta international airports will be implemented next week, US officials said.
These airports receive over 94 per cent of total travelers from the Ebola-affected nations of Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
"CBP (Customs and Border Protection) personnel will continue to observe all travelers entering the United States for general overt signs of illnesses at all US ports of entry and these expanded screening measures will provide an additional layer of protection to help ensure the risk of Ebola in the United States is minimized," said Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson.
"We work to continuously increase the safety of Americans," said Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Director Tom Frieden.
"We believe these new measures will further protect the health of Americans, understanding that nothing we can do will get us to absolute zero risk until we end the Ebola epidemic in West Africa," he said.
This is part of the American effort to prevent the spread of the disease inside the country.
CDC is sending additional staff to each of the five airports. After passport review travelers from Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone will be escorted by CBP to an area of the airport set aside for screening.
Trained CBP staff will observe them for signs of illness, ask them a series of health and exposure questions and provide health information for Ebola and reminders to monitor themselves for symptoms. Medical staffs will take their temperature with a non-contact thermometer.
Meanwhile, US President Barack Obama reviewed Ebola preparedness with his top military commanders when he visited the Pentagon on Wednesday.
Read: UN okays $49.9 mn funding for Ebola response
"Our military is essentially building an infrastructure that does not exist in order to facilitate the transport of personnel and equipment and supplies to deal with this deadly epidemic and disease," Obama said.
"We are doing it in a way that ensures our men and women in uniform are safe. That has been my top priority, and I've instructed folks we're not going to compromise the health and safety of our armed services," he said.
"But what's true is, we have unique capabilities that nobody else has. And as a consequence of us getting in early and building that platform, we're now able to leverage resources from other countries and move with speed and effectiveness to curb that epidemic," he said.
The first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States, Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan, died on Wednesday morning at a Dallas hospital, a hospital spokesman said.
Read: Universal Ebola drug target identified
Ebola has killed more than 3,400 people in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea since the outbreak began in March, nearly half of all those infected, according to the World Health Organization. While several American patients have been flown to the United States from West Africa for treatment, Duncan was the first person to start showing symptoms of the disease on US soil.

How Chinas anti-umbrella propaganda failed in Hong KongThe Future of Hong Kong
October 9, 2014
HONG KONG—The protests that have overtaken Hong Kong over the last 11 days have provided a good test of the Chinese government’s creeping influence over Hong Kong media. Many of Hong Kong’s media outlets have been accused of self-censorship in recent years, as they court advertisers and approval from Beijing, and more than half of Hong Kong media owners have  positions in mainland political bodies .
Since demonstrations began, the playbook for Hong Kong’s pro-China media outlets has been to describe the so-called “umbrella movement” as disruptive and the protesters as slackers and ne’r do wells  opposed by the majority of the Hong Kong population:
The day after police tear-gassed demonstrators, Headline Daily, Hong Kong’s largest-circulation newspaper  ran a front-page headline  warning of “Occupy Central Chaos,” that mostly played up the disruptions caused to public transport.
TVB, Hong Kong’s largest free-to-air commercial broadcast station, has drawn over 70 complaints for its biased pro-government reporting. “There is a growing perception that TVB has thrown itself at the disposal of the government to help it win the public relations campaign for Hongkongers’ hearts and minds,” the Hong Kong Economic Journal observed.
After organized gangs of anti-Occupy protesters descended on Mong Kok on Oct. 3, harassing and sometimes physically assaulting pro-democracy protesters, the 500,000 circulation Oriental Daily’s headline the next day was “City Residents Are Angry.”
This coverage has often been directly contradicted by other media outlets in Hong Kong:
THE TRUTH IS … Oriental Daily A1 blames #OccupyCentral protestors; @SCMP_News A1 highlights the violence of triads pic.twitter.com/73mBPHujMQ
— George Chen (@george_chen) October 4, 2014
Beijing’s efforts to sway Hong Kong public opinion through media influence may have backfired, as people sympathetic to the demonstrations tuned out media outlets with a perceived pro-China bias,  embraced their identity as Hong Kongers rather than Chinese citizens, and opted for pro-democracy news coverage shared via social media.
The day after the organized attacks on protest sites across the city, copies of the South China Morning Post and the Apple Daily, which is often critical of Beijing and the Hong Kong government, were sold out. Those of Oriental Daily were left untouched:
— singsing (@singsingarsing) October 4, 2014
One reporter for CCTV, China’s giant state-run TV network, couldn’t even get Hong Kong protesters  to speak to him .
The situation illustrates how Hong Kong’s “one country, two systems” combination of a free press and and a restrictive government can’t coexist for long. Hong Kong “is probably the only place in the world that seeks to combine the core civic freedoms of speech, assembly and the media with an authoritarian unelected Government,” activist investor David Webb wrote today. “That’s because the combination is unsustainable.”
One of the clear media winners to emerge from the protests is the Apple Daily newspaper and website, which is owned by billionaire democracy proponent Jimmy Lai. The paper completely dominated Hong Kong media on Facebook, commanding an 89% share of likes and reader interactions, according to data from Social Media Broadcasts. Here are the number of Facebook shares for Hong Kong’s Cantonese-language media companies over the past 10 days. (Apple Daily is in green.)
Share
Tap image to zoom
Dorothy, a 23-year old protester and nursing student who has been manning a first aid station at the protests since September 27, told Quartz she gets all her news from Apple Daily’s phone app or Facebook. TVB, Hong Kong’s public broadcasting network, is “just like government news,” she said, so she doesn’t watch it. And she never buys a newspaper.
Distrust of the mainstream media also contributed to the volume of protesters, which has reached into the tens of thousands. Vivian Lau, 25, a protester in central Hong Kong, told Quartz last week, “One of the reasons I came here is to see the real situation and get the first-hand information myself.”
Share this:

Meet the man who built the awesome online attendance system for Indias government officialsModinomics
October 9, 2014
Ram Sewak Sharma is a silver-haired, straight-talking bureaucrat who spent much of the last five years working out of an office near New Delhi’s Connaught Place. Next door to him sat Nandan Nilekani, the former Infosys CEO.
Together, the two men built the world’s largest biometric identification programme, Aadhaar. Nilekani was chairman of the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) till he left to join politics, while Sharma served as director general and mission director.
Tap image to zoom
Sharma (right) with Nandan Nilekani in 2012.(Press Information Bureau)
Now, 59-year old Sharma is building an attendance system for India’s central government employees that is inexpensive, publicly available on the internet—and potentially, a simple tool that could revolutionise governance in the country.
Based on the Aadhaar platform,  attendance.gov.in  is already online and currently undergoing testing with the attendance data of almost 50,000 government employees in New Delhi available online, in real-time.
The website (below) is a near-complete digital dashboard of employee attendance—it logs the entry and exit time, the exact device used and the average time the system took to authenticate an employee’s identity. The data is then organised by departments and ministries, before all the numbers from all of New Delhi are collated and displayed on the homepage.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The entire system is searchable, down to the names of individual central government employees, and all the data is available for download. And with that single step—making the entire platform publicly accessible—the government has introduced a level of accountability and transparency that India’s sprawling bureaucracy is unaccustomed to.
The system cannot track people leaving in between the check in and check out. But it can track chronic late comers. And the public reporting of data creates pressure on supervisors to ensure compliance.
But the origins of this biometric attendance system predate the current government. Instead, it all began when Sharma started work as the chief secretary of Jharkhand after leaving the Aadhaar project last year.
Made in Ranchi
After he took over as chief secretary, making him the top civil servant in the state, Sharma decided to deal with a well-chronicled administrative problem nearly every government office in the country deals with. “There were people spending huge amounts of time in office,” Sharma told Quartz, but there were “some jokers” who would barely come to work at the secretariat in Jharkhand’s capital, Ranchi. “This creates a huge disincentive for people to remain in office.”
The solution, he felt, was to create a “fool-proof” Aadhaar-based biometric attendance system that would be fast, reliable and publicly available. So, two employees of the UIDAI’s centre in the outskirts of Ranchi were brought in to craft the code and build the project from the ground up.
The idea was straightforward. Government employees who already had Aadhaar numbers would use their fingerprints—which were captured during the enrollment process—to register their attendance. Inexpensive biometric scanners would read their fingerprints, send the data to the UIDAI’s servers to authenticate them, confirm the match to the employee and finally, the attendance was displayed on a website.
In an office with wireless internet, the process was designed to take under two seconds, Sharma explained. And if a SIM card was used to connect via a mobile phone network, then the authentication would be completed in between five to six seconds.
The result was  attendance.jharkhand.gov.in . Launched in January 2014, Jharkhand’s pioneering online attendance system now tracks almost 34,000 employees, across 69 departments and 24 districts.
Tap image to zoom
A screenshot of Jharkhand’s online biometric attendance system
“Aadhaar is the key,” Sharma said, “In this, we’ve unbundled the entire system, and the infrastructure required is very small.”
Modified in Delhi
In May 2014, Sharma came back to Delhi as the secretary of information technology and communications. With  degrees in mathematics from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur and computer science from the University of California (and a certificate in Russian), the 1978 batch IAS officer has over 30 years of experience across departments, including land revenue, transport, finance and human resource development.
Then, in late June, after Narendra Modi took over the government, Sharma and his department made a presentation to the prime minister. The Jharkhand prototype synced well with the new government’s Digital India programme. A decision was made to introduce biometric attendance to all central government offices in New Delhi by October 2014. “We started working around 20 July after receiving the formal communication from the PMO (prime minister’s office),” Sharma said.
Immediately Sharma brought in his crack, two-man UIDAI team from Ranchi that had built his Jharkhand platform, and got down to work. He identified 148 central government departments where the initial rollout would take place and all employees enrolled. Orders were placed for about 3,000 biometric devices and a so-called multi-tenancy website was built—this means the data for each ministry can be accessed if the URL is tweaked. So, while  attendance.gov.in  shows the attendance data for all the registered departments in New Delhi,  mod.attendance.gov.in  will open up the data for the ministry of defence (MoD).
In all, it costs around Rs3 crore ($490,000). “It’s still in the trial stage,” said Sharma, “And we are still getting feedback on it.”
One problem that the rollout can face is connectivity. Even in New Delhi, Sharma anticipates that there will be certain offices where connectivity will be an issue. But by using a combination of wireless internet and mobile phone networks, Sharma and his team hope that they’ll be able to ensure that the online authentication process is completed quick enough.
The eventual aim is to share the source code and the platform across state governments, who can then choose to implement it at various levels. In Jharkhand, Sharma explains, it has already been taken to the district level and could be even expanded to government-run hospitals and schools. It could be used, for instance, to track the number of mid-day meal beneficiaries in government schools and then compare that with the actual spending on the programme to ascertain leakages.
“This can become an extremely powerful tool for governance,” said Sharma, “This is only the beginning.”
With such unprecedented scrutiny, others in government, though, are likely to be less excited.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Odisha braces for Hudhud; cyclone to hit AP coast Oct 12Comments
Odisha on Thursday stepped up its preparedness to brace for Cyclone Hudhud, while the latest weather forecast suggested the cyclonic storm would touch Andhra Pradesh coast around Vishakhapatnam on Sunday.
Odisha Disaster Rapid action force (ODRAF) personnel checking up their equipment in preparation ahead of cyclone HudHud in Bhubaneswar.(PTI photo)
Met department officials said Cyclone Hudhud over east-central Bay of Bengal moved west-northwestward and lay centred at 5.30 am about 770 km south-southeast of Gopalpur in Odisha’s Ganjam district.
“The system would continue to move west-northwestwards, intensifying further into a severe cyclonic storm during next 12 hours and into a very severe cyclonic storm during subsequent 24 hours. The system would cross north Andhra Pradesh coast around Vishakhapatnam by the forenoon of October 12,” a met department spokesperson said.
An image from INSAT-3D of Indian Meteorological Department shows the actual position of cyclone Hudhud on October 9, 2014th at 08:30am.
Though the cyclone is veering more towards Andhra Pradesh, state government officials said there were not taking any chance, especially in southern Odisha districts neighbouring Andhra Pradesh, because till now the position of the storm is not clear.
Chief minister Naveen Patnaik held a high level meeting for the second day to review the preparedness.
The focus is more on four coastal districts of Ganjam, Gajapati, Khurda and Puri.
A total of 10 teams of Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force and eight teams of National Disaster Response Force have been deployed in areas that were affected by Cyclone Phailin last year. More than 100 power boats and 350 cyclone shelters have been kept ready.
Watch: Cyclone Hudhud likely to make landfall in Andhra Pradesh on October 12
“We have reviewed the preparedness of NDRF, ODRAF and fire services which are fully prepared to meet any eventuality,” Odisha director general of police Sanjiv Marik said.  
The district administration of Ganjam has asked all employees to be present for rehabilitation and relief works. “Our evacuation plan is ready and every department has made contingency plans to meet the eventuality. We will be on the move till the cyclone makes a landfall,” Ganjam collector Premchand Choudhury said.
Ganjam was worst hit by Cyclone Phailin on October 12 last year. With a wind speed of more than 200 km, the cyclonic storm had uprooted lakhs of trees, flattened kutcha houses, toppled electric poles and mobile towers, damaged crop land and destroyed powernetwork.

$100 bn investments knocking at India s doors: ModiComments
Foreign investments worth $100 billion are knocking at the doors of India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Thursday, calling for stronger Centre-state relations to capitalise on the opportunity.
PM Narendra Modi addresses the audience at the inaugural ceremony of Global Investors Summit in Indore on Thursday. (Arun Mondhe/HT photo)
Modi, who was speaking at the Global Investors’ Summit in Indore, said foreign investors should not treat India merely as a market, but should focus on turning it into a manufacturing hub to increase the purchasing power of Indians.
"Investments worth $100 billion from abroad have applied for visa. Now it is the turn of the states to capitalise on the opportunity. The roads are wide open. The states which are ready can walk away with major share," Modi told a gathering of India’s top industrialists.
"When we talk about Make in India, then we want to create confidence in the world that there is a huge investment possibility in India. Please do not consider India only as a market... dump goods, sell them and make profits."
Modi called for greater cooperation between states and the Centre, saying the country's strength lies in its states and it cannot just rest on the Centre.
"India cannot grow without the support of other pillars. There cannot be a conflict between the states and the Centre. In fact, they have to complement each other if the country has to attain heights," he said.
"I want to work as Team India. All CMs and the PM should work together to take country ahead."
Madhya Pradesh is the country’s fastest growing state with some of its best infrastructure but private investment has not kept pace.
Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has been following on the heels of states like Gujarat and Tamil Nadu to promote a pro-business climate in a bid to coax investment in Madhya Pradesh.
Modi said states can contribute in a big way in nation building by picking up the Centre's programmes and contributing to those in their own way.
He cited the example of Madhya Pradesh which has announced concessions for assimilation and production of defence products.
"Madhya Pradesh has taken a great step in making India self-sufficient in defence sector (in coming days)," he said.
Justifying his decision to allow 100% FDI in the railways, the PM said the sector alone could inject oxygen into India’s economy. He claimed that FDI in the railways has the mandate of all its employees.

MP Investor Summit: Go digital to create jobs  says AmbaniWatch Mukesh Ambani, Chairman & MD of  Reliance Industries speaking at the Madhya Pradesh Global Investors Summit.
Reliance stock price
On November 24, 2014, Reliance Industries closed at Rs 984.60, down Rs 12.85, or 1.29 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1142.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 794.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 69.66 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 14.13. The latest book value of the company is Rs 609.24 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.62.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex surges 375 points; realty  capital goods  banks rallySensex vaults 390 points on global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
Snapping its three-session losing streak, the benchmark BSE Sensex staged a strong comeback by rising 400 points today on fresh spells of buying by foreign funds and investors amid positive global cues.
Expectation of a recovery in EBITDA margins of companies ahead of Q2FY15 earnings season and global cues saw the NIfty and the Sensex open in the green. The Nifty opened 44 points up at 7,887 while the Sensex opened 147 points up at 26,394.
Besides, appreciating rupee which strengthened to 60.90 against the dollar and easing global crude prices that have hit two-year low, buoyed sentiments.
The 30-share barometer had lost over 383 points in the previous three sessions.
The Sensex zoomed 390 points or 1.49 per cent to end at 26,637 while the NSE Nifty jumped 118 points or 1.5 per cent to 7,960.
All sectoral indices were in the green led by capital goods, realty and banks with gains of up to 3 per cent. Volatility was down 6.78 per cent with the India Vix quoting at 13.15.
BHEL (+8.3%), Hindalco (+6%), SBI (+2.84%), HDFC (2.68%) and ICICI Bank (+2.64%) were the top gainers in the Sensex 30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better, tracking rebound on other Asian markets in response to minutes from the US Federal Reserve indicating that policymakers are wary about raising interest rates sooner than later.
Global markets
World stock markets roared their approval on Thursday of reassurances the US Federal Reserve will not rush into raising interest rates, with risk appetite flooding back into almost every asset class. The dollar jolted lower, while oil and commodity prices rose.
Bond yields in large parts of Europe, which have plunged during years of cheap funding from the Fed and the world's other major central banks, hit new record lows.
Minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 meeting published late on Wednesday showed officials were wary about the dual threats of a stronger dollar and recent wobbles in the world economy as they seek an eventual exit from record low rates.
There were big gains on Wall Street and for Asia stocks, and European shares duly followed suit as Britain's FTSE 100 , Germany's DAX and France's CAC 40 rose 0.7, 1.2 and 0.8 per cent respectively in early trading.
"It (the Fed's message) has stabilised risk appetite and it was well needed following the macro economic disappointments we have had recently," said Hans Peterson, global head of asset allocation at SEB investment management.
"It is a burning issue, the pace of U.S. interest rate rises. They will tighten of course, but it will probably be very slow."
Even news that German exports slumped 5.8 per cent in August -- their biggest fall since the height of the financial crisis in January 2009, and yet another sign that Europe's largest economy is faltering -- failed to dampen the mood.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan , which touched its lowest level since March in the previous session, was up about 1.2 per cent in late trade.
Japan's Nikkei share average skidded 0.8 per cent, however, as the yen rose against the weakened dollar.
Gold, which also tends to benefit from loose monetary policy, climbed to its highest in about two weeks, with spot gold rising about 0.4 per cent to $1,226.40 an ounce. The Fed was not the only central bank in action though. The British pound stood at $1.6165, steady on the day and holding above an 11-month low of $1.5943 on Monday, ahead of the Bank of England's policy announcement later in the session. The bank is expected to keep rates steady near record lows.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Reliance ADAG to invest Rs 60 000 cr in MP | $100 bn foreign investments knocking: PMYou are here: Home > Collections > Cement
Reliance ADAG to invest Rs 60,000 crore in Madhya Pradesh
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 01.47PM IST
('Taking an inspiration…)
INDORE: Reliance ADAG will invest Rs 60,000 crore in power, coal, cement and telecom businesses in Madhya Pradesh by 2020, its Chairman Anil Ambani said on Thursday.
Speaking at the state government's mega investor conference, he said Reliance ADAG has, over the past 5 years, invested in four key areas of coal, power, cement and telecom.
"The Group's total investment exceeds over Rs 30,000 crore in these 4 key areas in the state making Reliance Group by far the largest investor in the state," he said.
On Prime Minister's call for "Make in India", he said, "We are not only going to 'Make in India' but 'Make in Madhya Pradesh'."
"We are committing ourselves to double our investment in the state from current Rs 30,000 crore to Rs 60,000 crore by 2020 in our 4 key growth areas i.e. coal, power, cement and telecom.
"We commit ourselves to partner the state of Madhya Pradesh to become leading industrial state in the country," he said.
Our current operations employ over 25,000 people in the state.
We have an extensive social responsibility programme for the people of Madhya Pradesh, covering education, health, animal husbandry and many such other initiatives.
Over the past 10 years, the state of Madhya Pradesh has transformed and progressed to new heights under the dynamic leadership of Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Ambani said.
"Chouhan is a third-time CM and the youngest Chief Minister in India. My personal congratulations to you for your visionary leadership in creating a record in the regional assembly," he added.: Reliance Group will invest Rs 60,000 crore in power, coal, cement and telecom businesses in Madhya Pradesh by 2020, its Chairman Anil Ambani said today.
Speaking at the state government's mega investor conference here, he said Reliance Group has, over the past 5 years, invested in four key areas of coal, power, cement and telecom.
"The Group's total investment exceeds over Rs 30,000 crore in these 4 key areas in the state making Reliance Group by far the largest investor in the state," he said.
On Prime Minister's call for "Make in India", he said, "We are not only going to 'Make in India' but 'Make in Madhya Pradesh'."
"We are committing ourselves to double our investment in the state from current Rs 30,000 crore to Rs 60,000 crore by 2020 in our 4 key growth areas i.e. coal, power, cement and telecom.
"We commit ourselves to partner the state of Madhya Pradesh to become leading industrial state in the country," he said.
Our current operations employ over 25,000 people in the state.
We have an extensive social responsibility programme for the people of Madhya Pradesh, covering education, health, animal husbandry and many such other initiatives.
Over the past 10 years, the state of Madhya Pradesh has transformed and progressed to new heights under the dynamic leadership of Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Ambani said.
"Chouhan is a third-time CM and the youngest Chief Minister in India. My personal congratulations to you for your visionary leadership in creating a record in the regional assembly," he added.: Reliance Group chairman Anil Ambani Thursday committed Rs.60,000 crore investment in Madhya Pradesh over the next 15 years, having already pumped in over Rs.30,000 crore in the state in four growth areas.
"We are committing ourselves to double our investment in the state from the current Rs.30,000 crore to Rs.60,000 crore by 2020 in our four key growth areas -- coal, power, cement and telecom," Ambani told the Global Investors Summit of the state government.
"We commit ourselves to partner the state of Madhya Pradesh to become the leading industrial state in the country," the Reliance Group chairman said.
"Our current operations employ over 25,000 people in the state. We have an extensive social responsibility program for the people of Madhya Pradesh, covering education, health, animal husbandry and many such other initiatives."
Ambani also said taking an inspiration from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's call for "Make in India" mission, his group will go a step further with its own "Make in Madhya Pradesh" mission.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Forbes  list: Dhoni sole Indian figure on sp...Mahendra Singh Dhoni sole Indian on Forbes' most valuable athlete brand list
By PTI | 9 Oct, 2014, 01.49PM IST
0
Share More
Forbes said Dhoni signed bat sponsorship deals with Spartan Sports and Amity University in late 2013, reportedly worth a combined $4 million annually.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: India cricket captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni is the sole Indian sportsman to figure on Forbes' list of the world's most valuable athlete brands, a list that has been topped by American basketball player LeBron James and includes golfer Tiger Woods and tennis stars Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal.
Dhoni is ranked fifth with a brand value of $20 million in 2014, slightly down from $21 million last year.
Forbes said Dhoni signed bat sponsorship deals with Spartan Sports and Amity University in late 2013, reportedly worth a combined $4 million annually, up from the $1 million Reebok was paying previously.
Forbes's Most Valuable Athlete Brands in Sports lists 10 athletes whose endorsement income exceeded the endorsement income earned by their peers by the largest amount during the past year. James tops the list with a brand value of $37 million in 2014.
The NBA's biggest marketing star pulled in a total of $53 million from endorsers like Nike, McDonald's, Coca-Cola, Upper Deck.
The publication said for the first time since 2007, the top athlete brand is not Woods but James, who will be rejoining the Cleveland Cavaliers after fours season and two National Basketball Association (NBA) titles with the Miami Heat.
James pulled in $53 million off the court during the past year and his brand is worth $37 million, which is the amount his endorsement and non-basketball earnings exceeded the average top 10 off the court earners in the NBA. Woods is ranked second and has a 2014 brand value of $36 million.
Woods' earnings took a hit after Electronic Arts announced in 2013 that it would end its relationship with him and his eponymous video game after 14 versions. On the third spot is Federer, whose brand value in 2014 is $32 million.
The list also includes Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt (6), Portugal and Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo (7), Argentine professional footballer Lionel Messi (9) and Nadal on the 10 position.
The list is part of Forbes Fab 40, which consists of the The list is part of Forbes Fab 40, which consists of the 10 most valuable sports brands in businesses, events, teams and athletes and quantifies the earning power of each brand relative to its competitors. The most valuable sports business brand is Nike, worth $19 billion.
Sporting event brands are based on revenue-per-event-day. The top event brand is the Super Bowl, which last season generated an estimated $518 million in revenue from broadcasting, tickets, the halftime show, concessions and licensing.
The Super Bowl has been the most valuable sporting event brand in each of the six Fab 40 rankings we have compiled since 2007, largely due the record television ratings and advertising rate the game generates, Forbes said.
Professional baseball team New York Yankees is the most valuable team brand in sports, worth $521 million.

6 carriers  including Jet unveiled as Etihad...Etihad Airways Partners to bring together 6 carriers including Jet Airways, AirBerlin, others
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 01.29PM IST
Tags:
Air Berlin
(However, any airline can…)
DUBAI: Abu Dhabi-based UAE's national carrier Etihad Airways has unveiled Etihad Airways Partners, a new brand which brings together like-minded airlines like India's Jet Airways , to offer customers more choice through improved networks, schedules and enhanced frequent flyer benefits.
Initially, six airlines will participate in the new partnership - AirBerlin, Air Serbia , Air Seychelles , Jet Airways, Darwin Airline and Etihad Airways.
However, any airline can become an Etihad Airways Partner even if it is part of an existing alliance, such as AirBerlin, which is a member of Oneworld.
The key emphasis for Etihad Airways Partners is a strong commercial partnership and shared values.
"We are broadening our business model to articulate and define a partner proposition for like-minded airlines which will result in synergies and efficiencies for participating airlines on the one side, and enhanced network choice, service and frequent flyer benefits for the consumer on the other," James Hogan, President and Chief Executive Officer of Etihad Airways, said.
Hogan said the Etihad Airways Partners logo is a seal of excellence and global cooperation.
"It will be displayed on aircraft and on branded materials by a group of airlines working together to connect travelers around the world, and increasingly to harmonies standards in the air and on the ground," he said.
Hogan said Etihad Airways Partners differed from legacy airline alliances by offering benefits beyond commercial cooperation.
"The potential for network alignment to maximise flight connectivity for passengers, together with a shared passion for superior service, are central to the ethos of the Etihad Airways Partner concept," said Hogan.
"Frequent flyers will benefit from the formation of Etihad Airways Partners as it will remove the complexity and confusion that exists within the global alliances," he said.
This will include standardised mileage and tier benefits across all partners, no blackout periods and priority services.
Notably, Jet and Etihad are already part of a deal announced last year that allowed Etihad to buy 24 per cent stake in Naresh Goyal-led Jet for about Rs 2,057.66 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Split in Telangana TDP  4 MLAs and 1 MLC set to join TRSOct 09, 2014 at  02:12pm IST
Split in Telangana TDP, 4 MLAs and 1 MLC set to join TRS
16
0
Hyderabad: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu-led Telugu Desam Party (TDP) is facing a big threat to its very existence in the newly created state of Telangana.
Four TDP MLAs and an MLC met Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrashekhara Rao and extended their support and willingness to join the party. According to sources they will officially join the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) soon.
Talasani Srinivas Yadav (Sanatnagar), Teegala Krishna Reddy (Maheswaram), Prakash Goud (Rajendranagar) and Ch Dharma Reddy (Parkal) and MLC Gangadhar Goud met Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao at the camp office. Chandrababu Naidu also held a meeting with all TDP MLAs.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu-led TDP is facing a big threat to its very existence in Telangana.
#tdp #trs #andhra pradesh #telangana
Telangana YSR Congress Party delegation is also meeting Speaker Madhusudhan Chari to seek action against Vyra MLA Madanlal under defection act.
The TDP in alliance with the BJP won 15 Assembly seats in the 119-member Telangana Assembly. The BJP won just 5 Assembly seats.
Telangana came into existence on June 2 following Andhra Pradesh's division.
10

India engaged in unprovoked firing along the border: Pakistan envoy7
0
New Delhi: Soon after Defence Minister Arun Jaitley in a strong worded caution asked Pakistan to stop violating the ceasefire, Pakistan too, took an aggressive stand and maintained that it was not Pakistan but India which is engaged in unprovoked firing along the border in Jammu and Kashmir.
"Our National Security Council is meeting to decide the next course of action. We want peace in the region and expect India to understand that," Advisor to Pakistan Prime Minister Sartaj Aziz said.
Earlier in the day, Arun Jaitley had said if Pakistan does not stop the unprovoked firing, it will have to pay a heavy price. "If Pakistan persists with adventurism, Indian forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable for them," Jaitley had said.
#ceasefire violation #international border #unprovoked firing #pakistan
He also blamed Pakistan for being an aggressor in carrying out repeated ceasefire violations. "India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor. Pakistan has been an aggressor. India's paramount duty is to defend its people and its territory," Jaitley said.
14

AAP seeks all-party meet on ceasefire violations on the borderAAP seeks all-party meet on ceasefire violations on the border
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
Expressing concern over the continuing ceasefire violations along the international border in Jammu & Kashmir and the Line of Control (according to the Defence Minister’s latest statement), leading to large-scale civilian casualties, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has called for an all-party meeting.
“The Central Government should immediately convene an all-party meeting to apprise the country about what exactly is the situation along the border with Pakistan,” it said in a release, adding that the seriousness of the situation can be gauged by the appeal for calm by the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
The party said national security and relations with neighbouring countries had consistently been above politics and successive Governments had followed a policy of political consensus.
However, the Narendra Modi Government’s policy towards Pakistan has been inconsistent, it said, citing instances of the “so called saree-shawl diplomacy to the abrupt cancellation of Foreign Secretary-level talks”.
“It is disappointing that these moves indicate lack of clarity in thought and the knee-jerk reactions do not augur well for the country’s diplomacy,” AAP said, calling for a well thought out consensus within the country to deal sensibly with the situation, without falling into the trap of jingoism.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Cabinet Secretary reviews preparedness for cyclone Hud HudCabinet Secretary reviews preparedness for cyclone ‘Hud Hud’
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
With ‘Hud Hud’ moving closer to the coast of Odisha and Andhra Pradesh, Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth today reviewed the preparedness for the cyclone, which is likely to hit the two States on Sunday.
Seth, who heads the National Crisis Management Committee, has asked the representatives of all Central Ministries, departments and Chief Secretaries of the State Governments concerned to take necessary steps for preparedness to meet any eventuality from the cyclone, a release issued by the Home Ministry said.
Meanwhile, the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) has placed five battalions (about 5,000 personnel) situated at Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Odisha, West Bengal and Bihar on high alert. These NDRF battalions comprise 51 teams.
In Andhra Pradesh, six rescue and relief teams have already been deployed at Srikakulam, Vijay Nagaram, Visakhapatnam and East Godavari, it said.
In Odisha, nine NDRF teams are being considered for deployment in the districts of Gajpatti, Ganjam, Khurda, Cuttack, Puri and Balasore, the Ministry said.
Four teams each from the NDRF’s Patna, Kolkata and Chennai battalions are moving towards Odisha and AP.
“27 teams are being deployed in vulnerable areas as a proactive measure to mitigate the situation during the cyclonic storm,” the release said.
A total 162 boats and 54 deep diving sets with other flood rescue equipment is being sent to meet any challenges which may arise due to cyclonic storm ‘Hud Hud’, it said.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

World food prices dip to 4-year low in SeptWorld food prices dip to 4-year low in Sept
Reuters
Tweet
ROME, Oct 9:  
World food prices fell to their lowest since August 2010 in September as prices of all major food groups except meat dropped, led by a sharp decline in dairy and sugar prices, the UN's food agency said on Thursday.
The Food and Agriculture Organisation's (FAO) price index, which measures monthly price changes for a basket of cereals, oilseeds, dairy, meat and sugar, averaged 191.5 points in September, down 5.2 points or 2.6 percent from August.
The figure was 12.2 points or 6.0 per cent below September 2013.
FAO raised its forecast for global cereal production for 2014 to 2.523 billion tonnes, 65 million tonnes higher than its May forecast.
The agency also raised its world wheat output forecast to 718.5 million tonnes, a new record, versus 716.5 million tonnes previously, and predicted world cereals stocks at the end of the 2015 season would be 627.5 million tonnes, versus 616.0 million tonnes in its previous forecast.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

ArcelorMittal  Gerdau sell US steel mill for $770 mlnArcelorMittal, Gerdau sell US steel mill Gallatin for $770 million
PTI     New Delhi/Luxembourg   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 15:06 IST
Photo: Reuters
World's biggest steel producer ArcelorMittal along with Brazil's Gerdau has completed sale of their 50 per cent stakes in US-based Gallatin to Nucor Corporation for $770 million as part of its strategy to divest non-core assets.
"ArcelorMittal and Gerdau have completed the sale of their respective 50 per cent interests in Gallatin Steel Company ("Gallatin") to Nucor Corporation. The sale was completed for a total cash consideration of $770 million," the steel giant said in a statement.
Gallatin Steel is a joint venture between ArcelorMittal and Gerdau. Gallatin is a flat rolled mini-mill located in Gallatin County, Kentucky, USA that melts scrap, pig iron and hot briquetted iron from various sources, and processes the material to produce flat rolled steel.
It produces a wide range of steels from low to high carbon grades with an annual capacity of around 1.8 million tonnes.
"The sale of Gallatin unlocks substantial value for ArcelorMittal's shareholders and is consistent with ArcelorMittal's stated strategy of selective divestment of non-core assets," Aditya Mittal, CFO of ArcelorMittal had said earlier.
The decision to sell Gallatin was made in order for Gerdau to focus on its core assets in North America, Gerdau's Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Andre B Gerdau Johannpeter said.
Gerdau is a leading manufacturer of long steel in the Americas and a major global supplier of special long steels.
The company recently began operations in two new Brazilian markets, with the production of flat steel and the expansion of its iron mining activities.
Gerdau has industrial operations in 14 countries across the Americas, Europe and Asia with a combined installed capacity of more than 25 million tonnes of steel per year.
It is also Latin America's biggest recycler and, worldwide, transforms millions of tonnes of scrap metal into steel every year.
ArcelorMittal is the world's leading steel and mining company, with a presence in more than 60 countries and an industrial footprint in over 20 countries.

Expect retail to be a fast growing vertical for co: ZensarThis is part of our overall theme of transforming the core business.
Ganesh Natrajan
Vice CMD
Zensar Tech
Software solutions firm Zensar Technologies  has signed a multi-million dollar deal with a leading UK-based high street retailer. Zensar has been managing multiple systems for the retailer for 7 years and the new engagement involves a managed services portfolio consolidation.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Ganesh Natarajan, Vice-Chairman & MD, Zensar Technologies, discusses the details of the deal and the company’s plans ahead.
Below is the transcript of Ganesh Natarajan’s interview with Nigel D’Souza and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Nigel: I believe that you already had collaboration going so what exactly is this incremental inflow that is coming in?
A: What is happening today is that we are trying to make many of our manufacturing and retail customers work with us on the long-term which we call managed services, managing a whole bunch of applications, doing offshore work for them and also taking them into the digital space; digital transformation, e-commerce, etc. I think this is one big contract in that area and apart from this we have many more that we are chasing for the new acquisition we have done which will get us firmly into the retail. So, this is part of that overall theme of transforming to core business.
Reema: What is the percentage contribution that you get from the retail segment and what is the growth rate that you are expecting from the retail vertical for Zensar Technology? 
A: This point of time we have 11-14 percent if you look at the last two years from the retail. This year we expect that to grow to about 18 percent. On an overall basis if you look at manufacturing plus retail, it is almost 75-80 percent and I would expect retail to be 25-30 percent. So, we are placing big bets on retail and it is part of our overall manufacturing retail and distribution segment. 
Reema: You are expecting retail to be one of the fastest growing segments for your company? 
A: Absolutely and within that the old area of digital enterprises, mobile commerce and web storefront which is there, we all know about the Flipkart story and that is being repeated by everybody. Today we have customers across US, Europe, even Latin America. We just started a project in Mexico and El Salvador. So, I think we are seeing a global trend towards mobile commerce and e-commerce and we want to capitalise on that. 
Reema: What are the other measures that the company is taking, any other large deals that the company is looking to sign in order to capitalise on this fast growing segment? 
A: Thanks to the acquisition of this very wonderful company called Professional Access, we have close to eight companies as I said both in US, Europe, Africa, Dubai as well as in Latin America which are all not only working with us on the e-commerce platform but are also scaling substantially. There are two big platforms both Oracle called ATG and Endeca; the companies that we have bought as a platinum partner. So, I think these are all happening. We are also talking to our existing customers and saying can we help you get into the e-commerce space. So, very exciting time at this point of time for Zensar. 
Nigel: Can I also ask you with regards to a month ago in fact, you were looking to partner to expand your BFSI focused services globally. Can you throw some more light on that? 
A: If you look at our overall vertical, manufacturing, retail and distribution is a dominant one. We also have a lot of impetus on insurance where we are doing very good work in Africa, Europe and in the US. The partnership you mentioned was primarily in the Middle East where it is very strong Dubai company where we are partnering with them to take some of their products as part of our portfolio. Essentially it is part of us building an ecosystem of small partners which we can take to the market and build a larger story. 
Reema: When we had spoken to you during your earnings you had indicated that you had seen a slowdown in one profitable large client in Q1? Has that client performed in Q2? 
A: Q2 I can’t comment on because our results are yet to be declared but as I mentioned that time, it was only a delay of project. At this point of time we have no slow performing client.
Zensar Tech stock price
On November 24, 2014, Zensar Technologies closed at Rs 606.60, up Rs 2.65, or 0.44 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 685.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 311.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 39.42 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 15.39. The latest book value of the company is Rs 139.49 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.35.
RELATED NEWS

Sell BHEL on every rise  says Kunal SaraogiLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sell BHEL on every rise, says Kunal Saraogi
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush is of teh view that one can sell Bharat Heavy Electricals on every rise.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush told CNBC-TV18, "Although we had a very sharp rebound in Hindalco Industries , it has still some way to go before you can really say that the stock has turned around. One should wait for it to close above Rs 160 before initiating long positions."
"I am not very bullish on Bharat Heavy Electricals  Limited (BHEL) and every rise is an opportunity to sell. The overall trajectory remains bearish. So on both stocks one should wait and watch," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Britain wont let companies bury their accounting missteps in bulky reports anymoreJason Karaian @jkaraian
October 9, 2014
Accounting is more of an art than science. This may come as a surprise to anyone who doesn’t work with (or write about) company accounts on a regular basis. Revenue, profit, cash flow, and just about every other accounting concept is open to pretty wide interpretation.
This can lead to both mistakes and misdeeds. Whatever the case, a company must restate its accounts if it’s caught publishing dodgy numbers. The impact can range from mild embarrassment to major scandal. Tesco’s £250 million ($402 million) profit misstatement is a recent example of the latter.
When internal finance staff, external auditors, or regulators spot a major accounting error at a listed firm, market rules require a fairly rapid public disclosure. But there are a range of more minor missteps that often go unnoticed by investors.
From next year, the UK’s Financial Reporting Council (FRC) will “ name and shame ” every company that it tells to adjust its accounts.
Out in the open
At the moment, for all but the most egregious cases, it is up to companies themselves to reveal that they were asked to change their accounts; most firms bury this news deep in the footnotes to financial reports, where few fear to tread . Or, as the FRC puts it, these actions are “generally known only to those who read the specific set of accounts in which they appear.”
In the year to March 2013 (the latest data available), the FRC reviewed 264 sets of accounts, asked for more information from 91 companies, closed 56 cases, and issued orders to restate accounts at nine firms. “Virtually all of our enquiries result in companies agreeing to make some change in their next reports and accounts,” the watchdog said (pdf).
 A handy one-stop shop for information that is otherwise shrouded in dense legalese. 
The new policy won’t suddenly reveal juicy market-moving information, given that offending companies will only be revealed in the FRC’s annual report, which will probably come out long after a restatement is made. It will, however, flag that something might be amiss with the quality of a company’s internal controls or the aggressiveness of its accounting policies. It will serve as a handy one-stop shop for information that is otherwise shrouded in dense legalese.
And these sorts of financial snafus are hardly unique to the UK. In the US, listed companies issued nearly 10,500 accounting restatements between 2003 and 2012 . Most of these adjustments are relatively minor and, like in the UK, disclosed in the  darkest corners of financial reports . Some academics reckon that such “ stealth restatements ” are immaterial, but others  are more suspicious .
In the UK, at least, investors will soon have a new way to see which companies’ accounts aren’t up to snuff, so that they can judge for themselves whether they should be worried or not.
Share this:

Oil edges further above $91  supported by weaker dollarOil edges further above $91  supported by weaker dollar
Sensex spikes 400 pts; ITC  Wipro  NTPC underperformSensex spikes 400 pts; ITC  Wipro  NTPC underperform
PM Modi urges states to lap up foreign investmentsPM Modi urges states to lap up foreign investments
Board of JBM Auto approves bonus issue in the ratio of 1:1Board of JBM Auto approves bonus issue in the ratio of 1:1
Wipro down  allots equity sharesWipro down  allots equity shares
RPP Infra Projects soars on completing two projects in Tamil NaduRPP Infra Projects soars on completing two projects in Tamil Nadu
Live: Modi s address at Global Investor SummitLive: Modi s address at Global Investor Summit
Angry kin of 1st Ebola casualty in US claim doctors refused him required treatment and blood transfusionHi Guest
Angry kin of 1st Ebola casualty in US claim doctors refused him required treatment and blood transfusion
The kin of Ebola victim Thomas Eric Duncan the first Ebola victim to have died in the United States are venting their anger that the late Liberian may not have received the equivalent quality of treatment and care ultimately leading to his death on Wednesday ...

GVK Hancock gets green nod for Alpha coal proj in AustraliaGVK Hancock gets green nod for Alpha coal proj in Australia
Nissan appoints Arun Malhotra as MD of India operationsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Nissan appoints Arun Malhotra as MD of India operations
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
Japanese auto major Nissan has appointed Arun Malhotra as the Managing Director of its Indian arm Nissan Motor India.
Malhotra will report to Guillaume Sicard, President — Nissan India Operations, and will be based at the company’s sales and marketing headquarters in Mumbai, Nissan said in a statement.
Malhotra will be responsible for developing business strategies to maximise Nissan’s overall performance, managing product introduction and significantly increasing the presence and accessibility of the Nissan and Datsun brands through continuing network expansion, it added.
“Arun Malhotra has a consistent record of high performance and extensive experience in automotive sales, service, and marketing in India. I am happy to have a seasoned leader like him join us to accelerate Nissan’s progress in a dynamic market like India,” Sicard said.
Prior to joining Nissan, Malhotra was the chief of International Sales and Marketing for the automotive and farm sector of Mahindra & Mahindra.
He has also worked with companies such as Bajaj Auto and Maruti Suzuki.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Google plans own messaging appSave this video
Copy URL
After losing WhatsApp to Facebook in a multibillion dollar acquisition bid, Google is planning to launch its own mobile messaging app which the search giant is likely to test in India and other emerging markets.
138

Double-check that your property deed is recorded0
Q: My sister recently told me of a friend who had to pay a tax on the sale of his mother's house as a condition of the Affordable Care Act.
My daughter is selling her condominium. I think it would be extremely unfair to her if an additional tax or fee was assessed at the closing. Please advise; I don't like surprises.
A: This is a rumor that those who oppose Obamacare keep trying to keep alive. Yes, there is a tax, but it is aimed at high-income consumers, who comprise a small majority of American citizens.
Let's look at the true facts of this new law.
First, it is not a sales tax, nor does it impose any transfer or recordation tax. It is often called a Medicare tax because the money received will be allocated to the Medicare Trust Fund, which is part of the Social Security system.
Next, if your income (adjusted gross income) is less than $200,000, you are home free. If you are married and file a joint tax return with your spouse, the law will apply only if your income is over $250,000. (If you and your spouse opt to file a separate tax return, the threshold is reduced to $125,000. For all other taxpayers, you have to earn more than $200,000 to be under the new law.
The up-to-$500,000 exclusion of gain for married couples filing a joint tax return (or up to $250,000 for single taxpayers) has not been repealed. Nor has the right to deduct mortgage interest and real estate tax payment been eliminated.
According to the National Association of Realtors, the national median existing-home price was $219,800 in August. Clearly, none of these homes could make a profit of even $250,000, so if your daughter qualifies for the exclusion of gain requirements, she will not be affected by this new law.
You have to have owned and used the property as your principal residence for two out of the five years before it is sold. The IRS calls this the ownership-and-use test.
Of course, in homes where a large profit will be made, some homeowners may be hit with this tax. But the large profit that you make should offset the nominal tax that has to be paid.
Since the law applies to all forms of real estate, including vacation homes, readers should consider consulting with their tax and financial advisers as to their exposure.
Benny L. Kass is a practicing attorney in Washington and Maryland. No legal relationship is created by this column; mailbag@kmklawyers.com .

Malayalams first super starUpdated: October 5, 2014 18:53 IST
Malayalam’s first super star
SAJU CHELANGAD
The Hindu Left, writer-actor Fareed, Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair and Kottarakara Sreedharan Nair
TOPICS
Malayalam cinema
Rajesh Khanna was Indian cinema’s first ‘official’ superstar. The actor’s fans and admirers, along with film journos gave him this title. Of course, Rajesh Khanna in the 1970s was the most popular Hindi actor with an unbelievable series of super hits. The superstar tag stuck. Soon, similar claims were made by frontrunners in Tamil and Telugu cinema. Interestingly, no one in the Malayalam film industry staked a claim to this status during this period. Sathyan, Prem Nazir and Madhu certainly had their admirers but none of them were eager to latch on to this new found status in cinema.
Surprisingly, one man in the Malayalam industry thought he deserved this title. And he did not hide his intentions. Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair firmly believed that he was the most deserving individual for the superstar status. He often made this claim in private conversations.
Thikkurissi observed closely how Rajesh Khanna and his Tamil contemporaries achieved this title. He came to the conclusion that their claims were backed by the media and of course, their admirers. Unfortunately here neither the media nor fans showed any interest in elevating him or anyone in the Malayalam film industry to such a position. So, Thikkurissi decided to do all the promotion by himself.
Waiting for the right opportunity to launch himself as a superstar Thikkurissi got such a chance in 1982. A group of film lovers and certain film organisation got together to organise a function in honour of veteran film stars. The venue was the Town Hall in Ernakulam. The venue was packed much before time. All the big names in cinema and literature were there. The meeting started. Thikkurissi, who was a special invitee, was a notable absentee. The organisers were a bit disappointed.
A few minutes into the meeting Thikkurissi made his appearance. He was dressed in a dark blue T-shirt and black pants. On his T-shirt embroidered in silver were the words Super Star Thikkurissi with a prominent star on the back of the T-shirt. He had also dyed his hair and moustache black.
It was certain what Thikkurissi was up to, he saw to it that he would be noticed. To reinforce this he walked up to the dais and wished each one seated there before sitting next to Kottarakara Sreedharan Nair.
It is said that Kottarakara made fun of Thikkurissi asking him why he had dressed up like this and whether he was not ashamed to do so. Thikkurissi listened to all this not uttering a word in reply. But when his turn to speak came Thikkurissi unleashed a severe tirade against Kottarakara. He said that Kottarakara was jealous over his young, handsome looks and had even tried to imitate him but failed. He claimed that he was the superstar.
The audience thought there was a running rivalry between the two. But after the meeting both of them hugged each other, went to a nearby hotel and even had a drink together. Thikkurissi’s claim to the title of superstar was perhaps not considered seriously though a few journalists did subsequently refer to him as Malayalam’s first superstar. It was only in the 1990s that the Malayalam film industry got its first superstar.

Loan preapproval shows commitment  and lender should guarantee privacy0
But even with the best procedures and intentions, a dishonest employee has that gold mine of information. As I am writing this, I just heard that over half a billion names, personal information and more were hacked. So privacy is, or should be, a major concern for all of us.
I have been practicing law for over 50 years. It is disturbing to see our young adults who have no real concern, or even concept, of what privacy means. They freely use social media, revealing all sorts of personal information about their lives.
When I first started working in real estate law, borrowers had to put their Social Security number on the deed of trust (the mortgage document), and if there was a power of attorney, on that document also. Fortunately, that is no longer a requirement.
I also want to comment on your concern that you have to get a preapproval letter even before you find a property. I have two suggestions.
When you sign a real estate contract, the seller wants to know whether you can qualify for a loan and are not bluffing. To the extent that I can get away with this for my clients, I include the following language in the contract: "within 5 business days, the buyer will provide a satisfactory preapproval letter from a legitimate mortgage lender, or this contract will be null and void." I know real estate brokers will object, but this contingency is no different from the home inspection contingency.
There is another reason for waiting until there is a contract. Too many times, the potential lender provides a statement such as "Mr. and Mrs. Smith can qualify for a house valued at XX dollars." Mr. and Mrs. Smith are shopping around. If a seller knows that they can qualify for that XX dollar amount, it makes it difficult — if not impossible — to negotiate a lower price.
So I always recommend that the preapproval letter should be a contingency in the sales contract.
Q: I would like to know if the law qualifying for a $500,000 home sale tax exemption is still the same regarding the requirements or if it has changed since your answer in the paper two years ago? My husband died in June 2013, and I would like to know if I still qualify if I sell my house within two years of his death?
A: Yes, a surviving spouse can claim the up-to-$500,000 exclusion of gain if the sale is made within two years after the death, and before the death (a) either spouse met the ownership test, (b) both spouses met the use test, and (c) neither spouse claimed the exclusion within the prior two years.
The use-and-ownership test means that you had to own and live in the property for two out of the five years before a sale.
Benny L. Kass is a practicing attorney in Washington and Maryland. No legal relationship is created by this column; mailbag@kmklawyers.com .

Maruti Aims Big With Ciaz  But Analysts CautiousYou are here: Home Industries
Maruti Aims Big With Ciaz, But Analysts Cautious
NDTV | Written By: Varun Sinha | Updated On: October 07, 2014 16:27 (IST)
DDA Housing Scheme: Draw to be Held on Tuesday
Maruti Suzuki has high hopes from Ciaz, the company's first new sedan in seven years. India's biggest car maker aims to sell between 5,000 and 7,000 Ciaz units per month, Maruti Suzuki Chief Executive Kenichi Ayukawa said yesterday. ( Read the story here )
The Ciaz is likely to be a big success if one looks at the number of bookings it has received in the run up to the launch. Maruti said it received 10,000 bookings for Ciaz even though prices for the sedan were revealed only yesterday.
Analysts say the Ciaz has an edge over its competitors in the following areas,
1) The Ciaz is aggressively priced with the petrol model starting at Rs 6.99 lakh and the diesel model starting at Rs 8.04 lakh. Compare that to segment leader Honda City, which costs Rs 7.2 lakh (petrol) and Rs 8.38 lakh (diesel). (Ex-showroom prices)
2) The Ciaz also scores on fuel efficiency, which plays a key role in influencing buying decisions of Indian customers. Maruti Suzuki claims that the Ciaz (diesel) returns 26.21 km per litre, a little more than its rival Honda City's (diesel) 26 kmpl.
3) The Ciaz also scores over its rival in terms of size and ground clearance. In terms of quality, it is Maruti's best sedan offering so far, analysts say. The Ciaz is classier and roomier that its replacement (SX4).
However, the biggest drawback of the Ciaz is its under-powered engine, Mahantesh Sabarad, Deputy Head of Research at SBI Capital Securities told NDTV. ( Watch the full interview )
Ciaz's 1.4L petrol engine has the lowest power rating in the segment, while its diesel engine has noticeable lag as compared to its competitors. ( Read the review here )
According to Mr Sabarad, the Ciaz is a good attempt to reach out to premium customers, but it will not be a volume spinner for Maruti. The Ciaz may end up selling 3,000-4,000 units per month, he added.
Mr Sabarad also pointed that the Ciaz has been launched at an "invitation pricing" and prices will be revised upwards in 2015.
Anil Sharma, a senior analyst at IHS Automotive told Reuters that the Ciaz is a competent model, but estimated its full-year sales at about 26,000 units (2,000-2,500 units per month).
In comparison, segment leader Honda City sold over 7,000 units per month consistently post its launch, before sales took a hit because of production issues.
In a report, analysts at Maybank say, "Our FY15F volume of 1.3 million cars for Maruti Suzuki does not factor in any major upside from Ciaz." The brokerage retained its "hold" rating on Maruti shares (target Rs 3,000).
Sales of mid-size sedan cars in India, the world's sixth largest passenger vehicle market, fell nearly 23 per cent to 1.55 lakh units in 2013-14 fiscal year from 200,176 units a year ago. However, analysts expect sales to pick up this year after three consecutive years of sluggish growth.
Maruti Suzuki shares closed 1 per cent lower at Rs 2,938.70 on the BSE. The stock underperformed the broader auto sub-index of the BSE, which closed 0.83 per cent lower. ( Track stock )
(With inputs from Reuters)

Kris Gopalakrishnans innings at Infosys set to endKris Gopalakrishnan’s innings at Infosys set to end
Our Bureau
Last of the IT bellwether’s serving co-founders retires on Friday
Bangalore, October 7:  
Kris Gopalakrishnan, non-executive Vice-Chairman and the last of the serving co-founders of Infosys, will retire on October 10, bringing down the curtains on a historic chapter at the IT major.
Gopalakrishnan, along with six others including NR Narayana Murthy, founded the IT bellwether in 1981 with a capital of $250 and shaped it into an $8-billion behemoth and India’s second-largest IT services company. After Nandan Nilekani resigned from the company in 2007, Gopalakrishnan was made CEO and MD.
In that role, he steered Infosys through some of its toughest times.
Contribution recognised
Gopalakrishnan was awarded the country’s third highest civilian honour, the Padma Bhushan, in 2011 for his contribution to the growth of the IT industry.
Gopalakrishnan, who holds a master’s degree from IIT-Madras, became the company’s Executive Vice-Chairman in 2013.
In an interview with BusinessLine a few years ago, he had said that one of the reasons for Infosys’ success was the smart work and teamwork of the management.
“Many companies started in 1981, but only some survived. We did a lot of smart work and teamwork.”
He also said that Infosys was still a young company. “If Infosys is a successful company 100 years from now, I think we can claim that it is a successful company,” he said.
Gopalakrishnan also headed the country’s top industry body, the Confederation of Indian Industry, in 2013-14.
A philanthropist
An active philanthropist, he recently donated $35 million to the Bangalore-based Indian Institute of Science to set up a centre for brain research and $1.8 million to Carnegie Mellon University to fund its research partnership with IISc.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

Rupee down 5 paise in early tradeUpdated: October 8, 2014 09:55 IST
Rupee down 5 paise in early trade
PTI
AP The rupee weakened against the dollar in early trade on Wednesday due to increased demand for the U.S. currency from importers. File photo
TOPICS
foreign exchange market
Forex dealers attributed the rupee’s fall to increased demand for the U.S. currency from importers and a lower opening in the domestic equity market.
The rupee weakened by five paise to 61.48 against the dollar in early trade on Wednesday at the Interbank Foreign Exchange due to increased demand for the U.S. currency from importers.
Forex dealers attributed the rupee’s fall to increased demand for the U.S. currency from importers and a lower opening in the domestic equity market.
Besides, the dollar’s strength against other units overseas put pressure on the rupee, they said.
The rupee on Tuesday appreciated by 18 paise to close at 61.43 against the Greenback on sustained selling of the US currency by banks and exporters.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex fell by 84.16 points, or 0.32 per cent, to 26,187.81 in early trade on Wednesday.

Nanocapsules: IISc develops system to deliver drugs to cancer-affected cellsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Airlines Fly the Skies on a Sugar HighYou are here: Home Industries
Airlines Fly the Skies on a Sugar High
Amy Yee, The New York Times | Updated On: October 08, 2014 08:15 (IST)
DDA Housing Scheme: Draw to be Held on Tuesday
The red-and-white Boeing 737 looked like any other plane on the tarmac at Orlando International Airport. But on a clear day last July, the plane became the first commercial flight powered by a new jet fuel made from sugar cane.
The passenger flight, operated by the Brazilian low-fare airline GOL, flew from Florida to Sao Paulo, Brazil, on a 10 percent blend of a clear liquid called farnesane mixed with regular jet fuel.
This summer, farnesane became the third kind of renewable aviation fuel to earn approval from the standards agency ASTM International, in addition to the ones made from algae and oil seeds approved in recent years.
More commercial airlines are considering using farnesane on limited flights, said John Melo, chief executive of Amyris, the biotech firm based in California that developed farnesane in a joint venture with Total, the French energy giant.
In September, the German airline Lufthansa flew a passenger plane from Frankfurt to Berlin on farnesane, which can be mixed directly with petroleum jet fuel at a 10 percent blend without any changes to planes, engines or fueling equipment.
Renewable bio-jet fuels like farnesane hold the elusive promise of better energy security, reduced carbon emissions and lower fuel costs - an increasingly pressing concern as international regulators prepare to tighten regulations.
The global aviation industry has also set ambitious goals to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions, including slashing emissions by 50 percent by 2050 compared with 2005.
To achieve these targets, renewable fuels could be one part of the puzzle. Farnesane can reduce greenhouse gas emissions by up to 80 percent compared with petroleum fuels, when compared unmixed to petroleum fuels on a one-to-one basis, according to Amyris. Renewable fuels like farnesane "would help reduce the carbon footprint of commercial aviation," the Federal Aviation Administration said.
However, there are significant hurdles to making bio-jet fuels mainstream, namely their high cost and barriers to mass production.
They also present concerns about displacing food crops for fuel crops and razing forests. Bio-jet fuels are "not a silver bullet," said Ben Schreiber, climate and energy program director at Friends of the Earth, an environmental group. "They quickly become a negative if you try to overproduce."
Airlines like United, KLM and Alaska Airlines have flown planes powered by oil made from algae, used vegetable cooking oil and plants like camelina and jatropha. But in spite of initial excitement, commercial airlines have not widely adopted bio-jet fuels, mainly because of their high cost.
But farnesane could be more commercially viable because it is produced in an Amyris-owned factory in Brazil, which has a robust policy and infrastructure to promote and produce biofuels.
The Amyris plant in Sao Paulo state has a production capacity of 50 million liters a year. The company currently supplies renewable fuel to city buses in Brazil.
Brazil is the world's largest producer of sugar cane as well as the second-largest producer of ethanol. A majority of light vehicles on the roads in Brazil can run on ethanol, which is made from domestic sugar cane.
Because of its large, existing biofuel infrastructure, Brazil could produce millions of gallons of farnesane, Melo said. Distribution is also not a barrier. Farnesane can be easily distributed to airlines for refueling, he said.
Daniel Rutherford, program manager at the International Council on Clean Transportation, noted that when assessing a biofuel's overall environmental benefits, "what really matters is how the fuel is produced." He added that Brazil's sugar cane industry was highly productive and not very fossil fuel-intensive. However, the best way to "avoid the food versus fuel trade-off" would be to produce bio-jet fuels from waste like corn husks and tree bark through technology that is still being developed, he said.
Amyris has been developing the technology behind farnesane for more than eight years with initial funding from venture capital and private equity firms. In the last few years, the company received grants totaling about $10 million from the U.S. Energy Department to further develop fermentation technology.
Farnesane is made through a fermentation process in which Amyris' engineered yeast consumes sugar cane syrup to produce a hydrocarbon called farnesene. Through hydrogenation, hydrogen atoms are added to convert farnesene into a molecule called farnesane, which makes up the renewable jet fuel. Melo noted that Amyris was working on technology that could produce farnesane from other sources like organic waste.
With farnesane, "there is nothing from a technical or aviation industry standpoint holding it back," said Steve Csonka, executive director of the Commercial Aviation Alternative Fuels Initiative, a coalition of airline industry-related companies, researchers and government agencies.
According to rigorous testing by plane makers like Boeing, farnesane and other types of approved bio-jet fuel actually perform better than conventional jet fuel.
They also burn cleaner than conventional aviation fuel, said Julie Felgar, managing director of environmental strategy and integration for Boeing Commercial Airplanes. Because of close scrutiny, bio-jet fuels have to "perform as well as or better than regular jet fuel," she said.
This is a high bar because aviation fuel is more complex than fuel for cars and road vehicles.
But for Amyris and other bio-jet fuel makers, the biggest challenge is bringing down the cost.
The company would not disclose price per liter for farnesane, but Melo claimed it could match that of conventional jet fuel within two to three years. Amyris said it hoped the U.S. government would drop protectionist policies that could hinder the sugar-based fuel in the United States.
If farnesane's price drops, the bio-jet fuel could become mainstream for airlines, Melo said. "The choice won't be, 'Do I choose renewable or not?'" he said. "The choice will be, 'Do I choose a better product or not?"
© 2014, The New York Times News Service
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 08:08 (IST)

At Tesco everyone is at fault and no one to blameOctober 7, 2014 5:38 pm
At Tesco everyone is at fault and no one to blame
By Hugh Willmott
Audit firms cannot be relied upon to challenge their clients, writes Hugh Willmott
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/71118e80-4a20-11e4-bc07-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

British crisis consigned to past  says IMFBritish crisis consigned to past, says IMF
By Chris Giles in Washington and Sarah O’Connor in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c1bd61a-4dfd-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Firms raise Rs 26 000 crore via QIPs so far in 2014Indian firms raise funds worth Rs 26,000 crore via QIPs up to Aug 2014
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 11:53 IST
According to industry estimates, the total funds raised in 2014 could be more than Rs 30,000 crore. (Photo: Reuters)
Fund raising through the qualified institutional placement (QIP) crossed the Rs 26,000 crore mark in 2014, indicating increased traction among domestic firms to raise funds via this route.
Domestic companies have raised a total of Rs 26,354 crore in the first eight months of the year, more than double the amount garnered in the entire 2013, as per data compiled by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
During January-August period of 2014, funds were garnered through as many as 21 QIP issuances as per the capital market regulator .
According to industry estimates, the total funds raised in 2014 could be more than Rs 30,000 crore.
Market experts said that return of investor confidence in the domestic equity market has encouraged some of the large firms to mop-up funds through the QIP route.
Interestingly, most of the funds were raked in through QIP issuances after the election verdict was announced in May, thus clearly showcasing the revival of investor sentiment, backed by a strong secondary market, experts say.
Among the firms which garnered funds via QIP segment this year included State Bank of India (SBI), Yes Bank, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications.
The fund raising was in line with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex gaining around 24 per cent in 2014 so far.

Saif and Ileana in a quirky romantic comedySaif Ali Khans First Look In Happy Ending
Recommend
Link
1 month 17 days ago, Lehren
Saif Ali Khan is all excited to hit the silver screen with his upcoming movie Happy Ending. Hence Lehren brings to you the amazing first look of Saif and the inside details of this soon to release rom-com in this interesting video. Take a sneak peek into this video.
More on Lehren:

Canon launches PowerShot SX 520 HS camera at Rs 17 995Canon PowerShot SX 520 HS features a 42x optical zoom (24-1008mm) and 24mm wide-angle lens along with a 16 MP CMOS sensor.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 6:23 pm
Canon has launched another camera in its SX series called PowerShot SX 520 HS. The camera features a 42x optical zoom (24-1008mm) and 24mm wide-angle lens along with a 16 MP CMOS sensor combined with the Canon DIGIC 4+ Image processor. The PowerShot SX 520 HS is launched at a price of Rs 17,995 and is available on Amazon.in at a discounted price of Rs 16,990.
It offers 1080p Full HD video recording with a dedicated movie button and zoom while shooting. Other key features advanced zoom framing assist and high speed AF. Canon claims that the advanced zoom framing assist feature helps to track and maintain optimum clarity of the subject in focus within the frame and works in two ways – seek assist and auto zoom.
The Seek Assist function enable users to search for a subject when it goes out of frame by zooming out and reverting to the original zoom level upon locating the subject. The auto zoom function automatically adjusts the zoom level to maintain the same subject’s size and focus as it moves closer to or further from the camera.
The PowerShot SX520 HS is designed with an accessible mode dial similar to the ones on Canon’s EOS DSLR cameras. The PowerShot SX520 HS’s Creative Shot function comes with 46 different filters. When activated, the camera analyzes a scene and automatically selects the most suitable filters for the shot. With this function, five different looks will be generated in addition to the original shot. Users can choose their desired look for the shots from categories such as Retro, Monochrome, Special or Natural and the PowerShot SX520 HS will apply filters within that selected category.
The PowerShot SX520 HS is capable of recording videos in Full HD resolution with a frame rate of 30p.

Flipkart under govt scannerSave this video
Copy URL
After receiving ‘many complaints’ from traders on Flipkart's massive discount sale, government said it will look into the concerns and take a call on whether more clarity is required on e-commerce retail business.
266

SpiceJet announces another Special Fare SchemeSpiceJet announces another Special Fare Scheme
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 22:05 IST
Budget airline SpiceJet has announced another Super Sale scheme with fares starting from Rs 2,299 (all inclusive).
On its website, the carrier announced that tickets under its new scheme can be booked till 23:59 hours, 9th October 2014 for travel between 7th November, 2014 and 31st January, 2015 between select domestic cities.
The sale is valid for travel on direct, and onward domestic flights only.
The fares under the sale are non-refundable. For any changes made in the booking, a change fee of Rs 2,000 (per person per sector) and fare difference would be borne by the passenger, the airline said.

Hyderabad: 11-year-old dies of burn injuries  blames  army menPress Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:15 pm
An 11-year-old boy died of burn injuries on Thursday after he was apparently set on fire in a high security military area at Mehdipatnam, Hyderabad.
The boy, identified as Sheikh Mustafa, a resident of Siddiqui Nagar, was admitted to a private here hospital on Wednesday and died of the burns at 8.15 AM, Deputy Commissioner of Police (west zone) V Satyanarayana said.
While the boy’s parents alleged that some army personnel were involved in the matter, the Army denied the allegations, saying its investigation found “that no Army personnel  is involved in this incident”.
A case of attempt to murder was registered in connection with the incident against unknown persons on Wednesday. Now that the boy has died, the sections have been altered to murder — section 302 of IPC, the DCP said.
The boy was found burnt after being doused with kerosene in the military area. He suffered 90 per cent burns in the incident, police had earlier said.
When asked if police suspected any foul play, the DCP said the boy’s family members were alleging that military personnel set him afire.
“Investigation is going on. Three teams have been formed including forensic, dog squad, besides the central crime station — a wing of Hyderabad city police — are working on it.
“Since the boy, after he suffered burn injuries, apparently kept on telling that two military personnel set him on fire, the family members are accusing the army men of being involved,” he said.
Tension prevailed in Mehdipatnam on Wednesday after the incident but the situation is now peaceful, he said.
The Army had said none of its personnel was involved in the incident.
“On investigation, it is found that no Army personnel is involved in this incident. The Army condemns this act. All necessary assistance is being provided to the police authorities to carry out a detailed investigation to arrive at the truth,” a statement by the Army said.

Pakistan to pay  unaffordable  price for shelling  says Defence Minister Arun JaitleyArun Jaitely
("If Pakistan persists with…)
NEW DELHI: Accusing Pakistan of carrying out 'unprovoked attacks', Defence minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said, "If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable."
Jaitley said. "Our forces have been doing a commendable job in the face of these unprovoked acts of aggression by Pakistan. Pakistan in these attacks has clearly been the aggressor but it must realise that our deterrence will be credible," Jaitley hit out.
Accusing Pakistan, Jaitley said, "There have been a series of ceasefire violations all unprovoked by Pakistan. These have mostly been on the international border and some have been at the line of control also. The international border has never been an issue at all and most of these violations are occurring at the IB. India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor but at the same time, it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory."
"Our armed forces, particularly the army and the BSF in this case have only one option that is to respond adequately, defend our territory and our people," he added.
India and Pakistan traded heavy mortar and gun fire along the international border with Pakistani troops targeting 60 outposts and 90 villagers overnight in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts, leaving eight persons, including three BSF jawans, injured.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh said the defence forces were giving a "befitting" reply to the Pakistani onslaught and the country will not bow down before anyone.
"I want to assure the people that we will not let down our country," he said, a day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi asserted that "everything will be fine soon" on Pakistan border.
(With inputs from PTI)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyclone Hudhud: AP s coastal districts on high alertPrint
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:47 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 12:54 pm
Collectors of all districts along the Bay of Bengal coast in Andhra Pradesh have been put on high alert in view of the threat of cyclone ‘Hudhud’.
The cyclonic storm is expected to cross the Bay of Bengal coast on October 12 between Visakhapatnam in AP and Gopalpur in Odisha.
AP Chief Secretary I Y R Krishna Rao held a video-conference today with Collectors of coastal districts and reviewed the preparedness.
He asked the Collectors to take all steps to prevent loss of lives and also ensure that damage to properties, if any, was the least.
“Open relief camps wherever needed and move people from vulnerable areas to safety. Keep essential commodities ready for the evacuees,” he told the Collectors.
He also directed them to submit reports on the latest situation regularly.
Meanwhile, Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu put off his scheduled visit to Srikakulam district on Friday where was supposed to take part in a ‘Janmabhoomi’ programme.
Srikakulam Collector Gaurav Uppal cancelled leaves of all government staff and put them on high alert as the district borders Odisha.
During cyclone Phailin on October 13 last year, AP’s Srikakulam district bore the brunt along with Odisha.

Sensex Soars over 400 Points  Rupee Strengths below 61/DollarYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Jumps 300 Points on Fed Minutes, Nifty Reclaims 7900
NDTV | Updated On: October 09, 2014 12:47 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
The BSE Sensex jumped over 300 points, while the 50-share Nifty advanced over 80 points above 7,900 tracking global cues. Overnight, the Dow witnessed its best day in the year as Minutes from the Federal Reserve meeting showed that policymakers are cautious about raising interest rates in the US.
The dovish outlook hit the US dollar, but triggered a rally across risk assets and emerging market currencies such as the Indian rupee, which jumped over 0.50 per cent near 61 per dollar.
"The overall tone of the minutes was that the Fed will manage its policy so as not to damage a fragile economy, paying attention to various downside risks," said Tohru Yamamoto, chief fixed income strategist at Daiwa Securities.
"There's absolutely no indication of an early rate hike," he added.
High beta stocks were the biggest beneficiary of the upside today. The realty index gained over 2 per cent, while the BSE Metals index was up over 1 per cent.
Aluminium maker Hindalco was the top Nifty gainer, rising over 4.8 per cent as its global rival Alcoa earnings beat forecasts. State-run electrical equipment maker BHEL jumped over 4 per cent, the company has bagged an order worth Rs 7,800 crore to set up a power project. India's biggest realty developer DLF was up over 2 per cent.
State-run lenders also saw buying interest with Punjab Nation Bank rising 2.6 per cent and SBI, the country's biggest lender, rising 2.2 per cent.
41 of the 50 stocks traded higher on the Nifty. IT stocks also rebounded after yesterday's carnage.
India's second largest outsourcer Infosys, which will reports Q2 numbers tomorrow, advanced 0.4 per cent.
Market analysts were cautious about Thursday's rally. Gaurang Shah of Geojit BNP Paribas says investors should book profits ahead of Infosys' quarterly numbers.
"It is time for markets to consolidate a little," he added.
As of 12.35 p.m., the Sensex traded 289 points higher at 26,536, while the Nifty was at 7,928, up 88 points.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Suzlon to build 2 000 MW wind projects over next 5 years in MPSuzlon to build 2,000 MW wind projects over next 5 years in MP
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 09, 2014 12:50 PM IST
Wind power gear maker Suzlon plans to execute 2,000 MW wind energy projects over next five years in Madhya Pradesh as it looks at setting up manufacturing base in the state.
"Suzlon Group intends to build 2,000 MW of new wind energy projects in Madhya Pradesh over the next five years and establish supporting manufacturing facilities," the company said in a statement.
However, the company did not disclose the investment plans for executing this capacity.
Suzlon Group has installed more than 50% of total wind capacity in MP.
The company made this announcement at the ongoing 'Global Investors Summit' at Indore in MP.
At the end of March this year, Suzlon Group's order book was worth about $7.2 billion.
The company is currently working on its business revival strategy and plans to raise about Rs 1,000 crore from sale of non-core assets this financial year (2014-15).
The wind turbine maker, in July, received a repeat order worth Rs 750 crore from ReNew Wind Power for its 100.8 MW project in Rajasthan.
The order is for supply of 48 units of S97-120m wind turbine generators at Bhesada in Jaisalmer where ReNew Wind Power is setting up the project. It also requires Suzlon to oversee operations, maintenance and service of the site.
Shares of the company were trading 4.95% down at Rs 12.68 on the BSE.

World food prices dip to 4-year low in Sept:...FAO raised its forecast for global cereal production for 2014 to 2.523 billion tonnes, 65 million tonnes higher than its May forecast.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
ROME: World food prices fell to their lowest since August 2010 in September as prices of all major food groups except meat dropped, led by a sharp decline in dairy and sugar prices, the UN's food agency said on Thursday.
The Food and Agriculture Organisation's (FAO) price index , which measures monthly price changes for a basket of cereals, oilseeds, dairy, meat and sugar, averaged 191.5 points in September, down 5.2 points or 2.6 per cent from August.
The figure was 12.2 points or 6.0 per cent below September 2013.
FAO raised its forecast for global cereal production for 2014 to 2.523 billion tonnes, 65 million tonnes higher than its May forecast.
The agency also raised its world wheat output forecast to 718.5 million tonnes, a new record, versus 716.5 million tonnes previously, and predicted world cereals stocks at the end of the 2015 season would be 627.5 million tonnes, versus 616.0 million tonnes in its previous forecast.

ArcelorMittal  Gerdau sell US steel mill for...You are here: Home > Collections > Arcelormittal
ArcelorMittal, Gerdau sell US steel mill for $770 million
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 01.42PM IST
Tags:
Aditya Mittal CFO
("The sale of Gallatin unlocks…)
NEW DELHI/LUXEMBOURG: World's biggest steel producer ArcelorMittal along with Brazil's Gerdau has completed sale of their 50 per cent stakes in US-based Gallatin to Nucor Corp for $770 million as part of its strategy to divest non-core assets.
"ArcelorMittal and Gerdau... have completed the sale of their respective 50 per cent interests in Gallatin Steel Company ("Gallatin") to Nucor Corporation. The sale was completed for a total cash consideration of $770 million," the steel giant said in a statement.
Gallatin Steel is a joint venture between ArcelorMittal and Gerdau. Gallatin is a flat rolled mini-mill located in Gallatin County, Kentucky, USA that melts scrap, pig iron and hot briquetted iron from various sources, and processes the material to produce flat rolled steel.
It produces a wide range of steels from low to high carbon grades with an annual capacity of around 1.8 million tonnes.
"The sale of Gallatin unlocks substantial value for ArcelorMittal's shareholders and is consistent with ArcelorMittal's stated strategy of selective divestment of non-core assets," Aditya Mittal, CFO of ArcelorMittal had said earlier.
The decision to sell Gallatin was made in order for Gerdau to focus on its core assets in North America, Gerdau's Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Andre B Gerdau Johannpeter said.
Gerdau is a leading manufacturer of long steel in the Americas and a major global supplier of special long steels.
The company recently began operations in two new Brazilian markets, with the production of flat steel and the expansion of its iron mining activities.
Gerdau has industrial operations in 14 countries across the Americas, Europe and Asia with a combined installed capacity of more than 25 million tonnes of steel per year.
It is also Latin America's biggest recycler and, worldwide, transforms millions of tonnes of scrap metal into steel every year.
ArcelorMittal is the world's leading steel and mining company, with a presence in more than 60 countries and an industrial footprint in over 20 countries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US-led airstrikes pound Islamic State targets in besieged SyriantownPrint
Associated Press | Mursitpinar | Posted: October 9, 2014 2:46 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 2:47 pm
The US-led coalition pounded positions of the Islamic State group in the Syrian border town of Kobani on Thursday in some of the most intensive strikes in the air campaign so far, a Kurdish official and an activist group said.
But despite the airstrikes overnight and into Thursday morning, the Islamic State fighters managed to capture a police station in the east of the town, said the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
The militants now control more than third of the strategic border town, said the Observatory, a group that tracks Syria’s civil war through a network of activists on the ground.
The Islamic State group launched its offensive on Kobani in mid-September, capturing several nearby Kurdish villages and bringing Syria’s civil war yet again to Turkey’s doorstep. It has since steadily been tightening its noose around the town.
The fighting has forced at least 200,000 town residents and villagers from the area to flee across the frontier into Turkey.
However, Idriss Nassan, an official with the town’s Kurdish government, denied the militants were in control of a third of the town on Thursday.
He confirmed that the Kobani police station was taken by the Islamic State group but he said it was later destroyed in an airstrike. He said the Kurdish fighters managed to regain several other town areas on Thursday.
“I can confirm that they don’t control a third of the city. There is only a small part of Kobani under the control of Daesh,” said Nassan, using the Arabic acronym to refer to the Islamic State group.
Both Nassan and the Observatory said more than 20 airstrikes have been conducted in the area since Wednesday afternoon.
The Observatory’s chief, Rami Abdurrahman, said that more than 500 people have been killed in and around Kobani since the fighting there began.
The Islamic State group brought reinforcements from their stronghold in the border town of Jarablous and the town of Manbij and Aleppo province, he said.

Govt notifies 25% public holding norms for l...You are here: Home > Collections
Government notifies 25% minimum public holding norms for listed PSUs
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 02.13PM IST
Tags:
MMTC
(Earlier proposal in June…)
NEW DELHI: Paving way for sale of PSU shares worth an estimated Rs 60,000 crore over three years, the government has notified rules for minimum 25 per cent public shareholding in listed state-owned firms.
To comply with these norms, over 30 listed PSUs will need to raise their public shareholding to minimum 25 per cent by August 21, 2017, as per a notification for amendment to the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules.
The move would help in promoting wider investor base in listed state-run companies and also provide a boost to the government's plan to raise funds from disinvestment programme.
Previously, the listed PSUs were required to have at least 10 per cent public holding, whereas the minimum public holding in non-PSU listed companies is already 25 per cent.
The non-PSUs were asked in June 2010 to attain minimum 25 per cent public shareholding within three years. Following the expiry of this deadline in June 2013, 105 listed companies were found to be non-compliant with these norms and necessary actions were initiated against them by regulator Sebi.
"... every listed public sector company which has public shareholding below twenty five per cent... shall increase its public shareholding to at least 25 per cent, within a period of three years, in the manner, as may be specified, by the Securities and Exchange Board of India," the Finance Ministry has said in its new notification for PSUs.
The new notification would bring in uniformity among all listed entities, irrespective of their promoter being the government or private sector entities, when it comes to minimum threshold limit for non-promoter or public holding.
As per the current valuations, the dilution in promoter holding in over 30 listed PSUs would lead to the government garnering over Rs 60,000 crore through sale of shares.
However, this figure might change as these share sales would take place over a long period of nearly three years.
The major PSUs where public shareholding is below 25 per cent include Coal India, SAIL , MMTC , NHPC, NMDC and SJVN.
While private sector firms were given three years time in June 2010 to achieve minimum 25 per cent public holding, the PSUs were also given three years in August that year to increase their public shareholding to at least 10 per cent.
The earlier proposal in June 2010 also required PSUs to attain minimum 25 per cent public holding, but these norms were relaxed later at that time.
However, a fresh proposal was mooted earlier this year and subsequently Sebi's board approved in June a proposal to require PSUs to have minimum 25 per cent public holding.
In case of 105 companies that were found non-compliant to minimum public holding norms, Sebi last year issued directions, including freezing of voting rights and corporate benefits such as dividend, issuance of rights and bonus shares, among others, with respect to excess of proportionate promoter shareholding in respective companies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1vXHF4BFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Report: NBC held talks with Stewart for Meet the Press
Jon Stewart as a serious TV network journalist? The comedian and host of The Daily Show is trending on Twitter Wednesday afternoon after New York Magazine published a report that he was approached by NBC News
Post to Facebook
Report: NBC held talks with Stewart for Meet the Press Jon Stewart as a serious TV network journalist? The comedian and host of The Daily Show is trending on Twitter Wednesday afternoon after New York Magazine published a report that he was approached by NBC News Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xqtVRr
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
20
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Report: NBC held talks with Stewart for Meet the Press
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 9:13 p.m. EDT October 8, 2014
Jon Stewart
645 CONNECT 100 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 20 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Jon Stewart as a serious TV network journalist?
The comedian and host of "The Daily Show" is trending on Twitter Wednesday afternoon after New York Magazine published a report that he was approached by NBC News for the job of hosting "Meet the Press."
The report, written by media reporter Gabriel Sherman and citing three anonymous sources, says NBC News president Deborah Turness held negotiations with Stewart and was prepared to compensate him handsomely.
"They were ready to back the Brink's truck up," a source told Sherman.
NBC News didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Chuck Todd, NBC News' political director, took the job and made his debut last month.
In August, Turness fired the show's previous host, David Gregory, and sought to overhaul the show to stem its sagging ratings.
Todd, who hosted "The Daily Rundown" on MSNBC, had been rumored to be Gregory's replacement as its tradition of grilling DC lawmakers would remain a key part of the show.
But some media critics called for a radically different approach and fresh segments to reinvigorate the brand. More than one cited "The Daily Show" as a model that could work in drawing younger audiences while retaining journalistic integrity. Turness apparently had the same idea.
NBC Entertainment also sought to hire Stewart several years ago for a 10 p.m. variety show, the report said.
Stewart took a break from the show last year to direct the film Rosewater, based on the book Then They Came for Me by Maziar Bahari.
645 CONNECT 100 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 20 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xqtVRr
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

Polaris Financial Tech shares slump over 23%Polaris Financial Tech shares slump over 23%
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
Shares of Polaris Financial Technology slumped over 23 per cent during intra-day trade today as the stock went ex-demerger.
The company’s stock plunged 21.13 per cent to Rs 194.75 on the BSE.
At the NSE, the scrip plummeted 23.38 per cent to Rs 190.
In a filing to the BSE, Polaris had last month said the board of directors in its meeting held on September 24, had fixed the record date as October 10 for the purpose of determining the list of shareholders who are entitled to receive shares in Intellect Design Arena Ltd, the resulting company after the demerger.
The company had earlier announced the demerger of its products business into a separate entity called Intellect Design Arena and the scheme of arrangement has been sanctioned by the Madras High Court.
Under the scheme of demerger, each member of Polaris will be allotted one new share in Intellect Design Arena for every one share held in Polaris Financial Technology.
“Post the record date, Intellect Design Arena will allot its shares to the shareholders of Polaris Financial Technology,” the company had said in a BSE filing on September 26.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

HSBC: Indias manufacturing  services growth lagged behind China in SeptHSBC: India’s manufacturing, services growth lagged behind China in Sept
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
The manufacturing and services sectors in India expanded at a slower pace than that in China in September, even as emerging market output touched an 18-month high in the same month, a report by HSBC said today.
The HSBC Emerging Markets Index (EMI), a monthly indicator derived from the Purchasing Managers’ Index surveys, stood at 52.5 in September, higher from 52.4 in August.
Moreover, on a quarterly basis the EMI averaged 52.2 in Q3, the best since the first quarter of 2013.
“The September PMI surveys found welcome signs of a renewed upturn in emerging market economies gaining traction, with business activity growing at the fastest rate for a year-and-a-half,” Markit Chief Economist, Chris Williamson, said.
During July, the HSBC composite index for India, which maps both manufacturing and services, stood at 51.8, whereas for China it was 52.3, Brazil (50.6) and Russia (50.9). An index measure of above 50 indicates expansion.
“The third quarter saw growth in China and India rise to the fastest since early-2013, and Brazil is showing signs of lifting out of its recession,” Williamson said.
The latest data signalled that services activity rose at a stronger rate than manufacturing output for the second month running. This was driven by the trend in China, as services activity in Brazil, India and Russia rose at either weak or marginal rates.
“Growth eased in India in September. The average PMI reading in the third quarter was the highest for a year-and-a-half, pointing to a further acceleration of annual GDP growth from the 5.7 per cent pace seen in the second quarter,” Williamson added.
Meanwhile, the outlook for global emerging markets remained relatively weak in September. The HSBC Emerging Markets Future Output Index tracks firms’ expectations for activity in 12 months’ time, and was little-changed from August’s three-month low at the end of the third quarter.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Anil Ambani: Reliance Group to invest Rs 60 000 cr in MPAnil Ambani: Reliance Group to invest Rs 60,000 cr in MP
PTI
Tweet
Indore, Oct 9:  
Reliance Group will invest Rs 60,000 crore in the power, coal, cement and telecom businesses in Madhya Pradesh by 2020, its Chairman Anil Ambani said today.
Speaking at the State Government’s mega investor conference here, he said Reliance Group has, over the past five years, invested in the four key areas of coal, power, cement and telecom.
“The Group’s total investment exceeds Rs 30,000 crore in these four key areas in the State, making the Reliance Group by far the largest investor in the State,” he said.
On the Prime Minister’s call for ‘Make in India’, he said, “We are not only going to ‘Make in India’ but ‘Make in Madhya Pradesh’”.
“We are committing ourselves to double our investment in the State from the current Rs 30,000 crore to Rs 60,000 crore by 2020 in our four key growth areas i.e. coal, power, cement and telecom.
“We commit ourselves to partner Madhya Pradesh to become a leading industrial State,” he said.
“Our current operations employ over 25,000 people in the State.
“We have an extensive social responsibility programme for the people of Madhya Pradesh, covering education, health, animal husbandry and many such other initiatives.
“Over the past 10 years, Madhya Pradesh has transformed and progressed to new heights under the dynamic leadership of Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan,” Ambani said.
“Chouhan is a third-time CM and the youngest Chief Minister in India. My personal congratulations to you for your visionary leadership in creating a record in the regional Assembly,” he added.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Carzonrent  Tata Motors: Rent a Nano at Rs 399 per dayHire Tata Nano car for self drive at just Rs 399 per day
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 15:34 IST
Photo: Reuters
Car rental firm Carzonrent and Tata Motors have inked a pact to launch an initiative in the Delhi/NCR region, under which customers would be able to hire a Tata Nano car for self drive at just Rs 399 per day.
As part of the 'Myles City Drive' initiative, Tata Motors would supply 200 Tata Nano Twist cars to Carzonrent fleet for self-drive service in the Delhi/NCR region.
"This association with Tata Motors is a step forward on Carzonrent's endeavour to build long term partnerships with auto manufacturers to develop a dynamic ground mobility landscape in India," Carzonrent Managing Director and CEO Rajiv Vij told reporters in New Delhi.
Under the initiative, Delhi based Carzonrent would also offer the Nano cars to customers on a hourly basis at Rs 99 and also for a whole month at a rent of Rs 6,999.
Customers would also be able to book the car online as well as rent directly from the company's 43 operational centres across the Delhi/NCR region.
Vij said the Myles City-Drive with Nano Twist is aimed at empowering customers and to enjoy everyday life a little more.
Commenting on the initiative, Tata Motors Head Institutional Sales Deepankar Tiwari said: "Through this partnership we will reach out to a larger customer base and give them an opportunity to experience the Nano in a self drive avatar."
Carzonrent, which started Myles (self drive) initiative last year, currently has a fleet of around 600 vehicles under the vertical.
"We started this initiative last year with a fleet of 14 cars. Now the self drive vertical has 600 cars and we expect it to touch 5,000 units by 2016," Vij said.
The company currently offers various cars ranging from Mahindra e20 to Mercedes-Benz under the self drive initiative across 16 cities in the country.
Elaborating on the 'Myles City Drive', Vij said the company would first begin with Delhi/NCR and later expand to other parts of the country.

Reliance Group to invest Rs 60 000 cr in Madhya Pradesh: Anil AmbaniE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

$100 bn foreign investments knocking at Indias doors: PM NarendraModiPrime Minister Narendra Modi speaks during an election rally in Mahendragarh. PTI
Indore | Posted: October 9, 2014 3:05 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said USD 100 billion worth of foreign investments is knocking at the doors of India and it is up to the states to lap up as much as they can.
Describing his ‘Make In India’ initiative a “win-win” proposition, Modi said the foreign investors should not treat India merely as a market, but should focus on turning it to a manufacturing hub with a view to increase the purchasing power of Indians.
“USD 100 billion investments from Japan, China and America have applied for visa. Now it is turn of the states to capitalise on the opportunity. The roads are wide open. The states which are ready can walk away with major share,” he said while inaugurating the Global Investors’ Summit here.
The meeting is being attended by industry bigwigs including RIL chief Mukesh Ambani, ADAG’s Anil Ambani, Adani Group head Gautam Adani and Tata Group chief Cyrus Mistry.
In the last couple of months, the Prime Minister has visited Japan and the US and launched the Make in India campaign to lure foreign investments into manufacturing sector.
“When we talk about Make in India, then we want to create confidence in the world that there is a huge investment possibility in India. Please do not consider India only as a market…. dump goods, sell them and make profits.
“I tell the World, do not confine yourself to this. If India does not prosper, then its purchasing power will not increase. If India’s purchasing power do not increase, then the dream to see India as a market will remain a distant dream,” Modi said.
The focus of the government, he said, is to generate employment by encouraging agriculture, manufacturing and services sector.
The Prime Minister said states should rise above narrow political considerations on development agenda and Centre will extend all possible assistance to them.
Emphasising on the concept of Team India, which includes Prime Minister and state Chief Ministers, Modi said the country cannot prosper unless states are empowered.
“Centre and states are not rivals or enemies… Centre will stand shoulder to shoulder with all states, irrespective of political affiliation, to facilitate economic growth,” he said.
Modi said value addition in agriculture and focus on infrastructure will help the farmers immensely and asked the industrialists to add value to agro products. Madhya Pradesh accounts for 40 per cent of the organic farm produce in the country.
“In manufacturing sector, we should give impetus to products which can be exported,” he said, adding the country needs to prepare a global talent pool to take advantage of the experience and expertise of the NRIs.
The initiative to create the global talent pool, a data of Indian origin persons living abroad, should be maintained, he said.
Praising Madhya Pradesh for taking advantage of the Central government schemes, he said it was the first state to initiate projects continued…

Tatra truck case: Court to consider CBIs closure report on Oct13Print
Ravinder Kumar Rishi, unnamed officials of Ministry of Defence and others were facing CBI probe for alleged irregularities. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 3:04 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 3:13 pm
A special court on Thursday sought some clarifications from CBI on its closure report filed in the case related to alleged irregularities in the supply of all-terrain Tatra vehicles to the Army.
Special CBI Judge Madhu Jain fixed October 13 for consideration of the closure report as the agency’s investigating officer is yet to file the documents related to the case before the court.
The court said it needed “some clarifications” but did not elaborate.
CBI had earlier sought time to file documents relating to the case in which it had lodged an FIR on March 30, 2012 against Ravinder Kumar Rishi, promoter of Tatra Sipox UK Limited, and others, including unnamed officials of the Ministry of Defence (MoD) and Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML), a defence PSU.
In its 30-page closure report, the agency has claimed that allegations levelled against the accused in its FIR could not be substantiated during the subsequent investigation.
Rishi, a British national, unnamed officials of Ministry of Defence and others were facing CBI probe for alleged irregularities in supply of Tatra vehicles to BEML by Tatra-Sipox UK Ltd.
CBI had earlier alleged that Tatra vehicles were procured from Tatra-Sipox UK Ltd despite the fact that a licence agreement regarding this was with M/s Omnipol, a Czech firm.
It had claimed that vehicles worth Rs 5,000 crore (approx) were supplied to the Army causing undue benefit to Tatra-Sipox UK Ltd and corresponding loss to Defence Ministry.
CBI had registered the case for alleged irregularities in assigning supply from Czechoslovakia-based Tatra, with which
an agreement was signed in 1986, to Tatra-Sipox UK Ltd in 1997 showing it as original equipment manufacturer and fully-owned subsidiary of Czech firm, which was allegedly against rules.
However, in its closure report, CBI has said that its probe does not point to the guilt of any accused in the case.
On the alleged issue of wrongful loss caused to BEML and corresponding gain to Tatra-Sipox UK Ltd, CBI in its closure
report said this could not be substantiated during its probe.
Rishi had been quizzed several times by CBI in connection with the case as he has a substantial stake in Tatra-Sipox UK
Ltd.
CBI has lodged the case naming Rishi and unnamed officials of Defence Ministry and BEML for alleged criminal conspiracy, cheating under the IPC and under the Prevention of Corruption Act.

D&B BOI rises over 2 per cent for Q4 2014BOI
(The Business Optimism Index…)
NEW DELHI: The underlying business sentiment continues to be resilient as India Inc's optimism index for the fourth quarter of this year has registered an increase of 2 per cent over last year, says a Dun & Bradstreet report.
The Business Optimism Index (BOI), which measures the pulse of the business community, stood at 137.6 for Q4 2014, an increase of 2 per cent as compared to Q4 2013.
On quarter-on-quarter basis however, it has witnessed a marginal decline, largely due to a steep fall in optimism with regard to selling prices.
"Price competition in the face of subdued demand is deterring firms from raising prices even as input costs remain high. That said, the buoyant sentiment regarding volume of sales and new orders augurs well for future growth," Dun & Bradstreet India President and Managing Director Kaushal Sampat said.
Based on the responses received, it was observed that four out of the six optimism indices namely -- Volume of Sales, New Orders, Net Profits and Employee Levels have registered an increase as compared to Q4 2013.
"Going forward, improvement in business confidence is contingent on addressing structural issues in areas such as coal supplies and agriculture, simplification of business and taxation rules and resumption of various stalled projects," he added.
For calculating the composite BOI , each of the six parameters -- net sales, net profits, selling prices, new orders, inventories and employee levels -- is assigned a weight.
The parameter weights are then applied to these ratios and the results aggregated to arrive at the Composite Business Optimism Index.
FEATURED ARTICLES

These Four Made it to the World s Best BrandsYou are here: Home Corporates
Tech Companies Lead Ranking of Most Valuable Brands
Stuart Elliott, The New York Times | Updated On: October 09, 2014 15:55 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
The “tech-ing” of Madison Avenue continues apace, according to the results of a closely followed annual report about how much brands are worth, as the brands of leading technology companies crowd the top ranks and increase substantially in value.
The 2014 edition of what is known as the Interbrand Best Global Brands report shows Apple in first place, as the world’s most valuable brand, for a second straight year. Apple took the top spot last year from Coca-Cola, which fell to No.3; Coca-Cola remained in third place this year, and the No. 2 brand last year, the technology powerhouse Google, kept that spot.
The report, to be issued Thursday, presents a table of the top 100 valuable global brands. The Apple brand is valued at $118.9 billion, up 21 percent from last year. The Google brand, at $107.4 billion, rose in value by 15 percent from last year. Those twin peaks represent the first time two brands have each earned a value of more than $100 billion in a Best Global Brands report.
Despite some critics who were “suggesting that Apple had lost its luster,” said Jez Frampton, global chief executive of Interbrand, a corporate identity and brand consultancy that is part of the Omnicom Group, “we’ve still got Apple and Google slugging it out at the top.”
(Google was No. 1 on another list, known as the BrandZ Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands report, released in May by Millward Brown Optimor, a unit of WPP. Google toppled Apple from first place after three years in the BrandZ report as Apple fell to No. 2.)
Four of the top 10 brands in the 2014 Interbrand report are technology brands. In addition to Apple and Google, they are Microsoft, at No. 5, unchanged from last year, and Samsung, No. 7, up a notch from 2013. IBM, No. 4, the same as last year, is classified by Interbrand as a business services brand; otherwise, half the top 10 brands would be technology brands.
The technology category was the most valuable overall, with a total value of $493.2 billion; other major brand categories include automotive, financial services and luxury. And Facebook - which had the highest percentage increase in value from last year, 86 percent - is, of course, also a technology brand. In only its second year on the list, Facebook climbed to No. 29 from No. 52 in 2013, and, “It’s still growing,” Frampton said.
Also, “Twitter is starting to get closer to appearing on the table,” he said.
“On one hand, the new tech brands are doing great,” Frampton said, “and you have to consider they are at the real beginning of their lives as businesses.” On the other hand, “will we see a new tech brand perform like a Coca-Cola or a Mercedes-Benz?” he asked. “Their longevity is unproven.” (Mercedes-Benz climbed a notch, from No. 11 last year to 10th place.)
And potential pitfalls may challenge rising technology brands, as shown by the performances of some of their troubled brethren. For instance, Nokia suffered the largest decline in value among the top 100 of any type of brand, dropping 44 percent from last year to $4.1 billion, and plunged in the rankings to 98th place from 57th in 2013.
Nintendo, although classified by Interbrand as an electronics company, also has technology trappings, and it, too, fell precipitously, to No. 100 from No. 67 last year. Its brand value declined 33 percent from 2013 to $4.1 billion.
Another area where technology brands have “all got to be careful,” Frampton said, is in how issues like data security and the use of behavioral data for marketing purposes affect consumer confidence.
“Our relationship in brands is our fundamental trust in them, and if they deliver in accordance with their promises,” he said. “If it looks like a brand is taking advantage of you, that could cause problems in the future.”
The report is the 15th annual look at worldwide brand value by Interbrand, which began compiling the Best Global Brands report in 2000. The rankings and valuations are determined by factors that include the role a brand plays in influencing consumers, a brand’s financial performance and the strength a brand has to command a premium price or to help its parent make money. Stock-market values “don’t affect our valuations,” Frampton said.
Among brands outside the realm of technology, the highest rankings were achieved by - in addition to Coca-Cola, IBM and Mercedes-Benz - General Electric, classified as a diversified company (although it has technology aspects), at No. 6, the same as in 2013; Toyota, No. 8, up from No. 10 last year; and McDonald’s, No. 9, down from No. 7 in 2013.
The biggest gains in value achieved by nontechnology brands compared with last year were for Audi, No. 45, up 27 percent; Amazon, classified as a retail brand, No. 15, up 25 percent; and, each with an increase of 23 percent, Volkswagen, No. 31, and Nissan, No. 56.
Of the five brands that made the Best Global Brands list for the first time, one is a technology brand: Huawei, a Chinese brand, at No. 94. It is, Frampton said, “our very first Chinese brand on the table.”
The other four newcomers are: DHL, in 81st place; Land Rover, 91st; FedEx, 92nd; and Hugo Boss, 97th.
© 2014, The New York Times News Service
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 14:47 (IST)

Prefer LT over BHEL: Hemen KapadiaHemen Kapadia, VP at KR Choksey Securities told CNBC-TV18, "We are in an intermediate downtrend in  Bharat Heavy Electricals (BHEL). I think the downside is limited but I would suggest switching to  Larsen and Toubro (L&T) immediately."
At 14:59 hrs Larsen and Toubro was quoting at Rs 1,485.10, up Rs 37.65, or 2.60 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 1,774.70 and 52-week low Rs 848.80 on 09 June, 2014 and 09 October, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Prefer Tech Mahindra  says Vishal JajooLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prefer Tech Mahindra, says Vishal Jajoo
Vishal Jajoo, Senior Equity Research Analyst at Nirmal Bang Securities prefers Tech Mahindra.
Post your opinion here
02:00 pm
Vishal Jajoo, Senior Equity Research Analyst at Nirmal Bang Securities told CNBC-TV18, "Today Cipla is in news because of the joint venture that they have done in South Africa with Teva Pharma, so it is difficult to exactly time it but since both  Tech Mahindra and  Cipla have had a decent run up and among the two Tech Mahindra is a better choice considering the correction that the stock has witnessed as compared to Cipla."
At 14:56 hrs Tech Mahindra was quoting at Rs 2,335 down Rs 62.85, or 2.62 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 2,541.90 and 52-week low Rs 1,455 on 01 October, 2014 and 08 October, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Prefer Tech Mahindra on correction: Hemen Kapadia02:00 pm
Hemen Kapadia, VP at KR Choksey Securities told CNBC-TV18, " Tech Mahindra has doubled in the last year-and-a-half or so. We are in a long-term uptrend. Currently we are looking a wee bit heavy, overbought. We could be walking into a correction of a greater degree, so things looks fine but I have a feeling that the investors either need to spread or stagger his/her purchases or wait for a correction. I am not very comfortable buying at this level."
He further added, " Cipla from Rs 360 to Rs 640 in a matter of three months. It has been in a super long-term uptrend but once again near term without a correction makes me feel slightly uncomfortable; nothing looks bad both are in long-term uptrend but looking at the recent rise without a correction makes me feel uncomfortable."
RELATED NEWS

Why Brazils protests didnt translate into change at the ballot boxWhy Brazil’s protests didn’t translate into change at the ballot box
Written by
Rachel Glickhouse Editorial manager, Americas Society
October 9, 2014
New ideas can only go so far. (Reuters/Ueslei Marcelino)
SHARE
Rachel Glickhouse Editorial manager, Americas Society
October 9, 2014
After one of the most complex and fast-changing presidential races in decades, Brazil held an election on Oct. 5 that revealed little of the sentiment for change during last year’s protests . So what happened?
First of all, Marina Silva only won 21% of the vote, a result of a number of factors including successful attack ads by the Workers’ Party and a poorly executed campaign that didn’t convince voters that she would be a viable alternative. Instead, Senator Aécio Neves came within eight points of President Dilma Rousseff. While he would certainly represent a change at the Planalto, he represents the most traditional of Brazilian politics: a wealthy, white, seasoned politician from Minas Gerais. And even though neither Rousseff nor Neves represent a major break from the status quo, they both referred to themselves as the candidate for change in their victory speeches. During her address, Rousseff stood before a massive backdrop that read: “New government, new ideas.” As the two candidates head to a runoff, they’re both jockeying for Silva’s voters and trying to cast themselves as change-makers.
Next, many politicians targeted by the 2013 protests were actually reelected. Despite the fact that corruption was one of the central themes of the protests and a constant complaint of those unhappy with Brazilian politics, notoriously dirty politicians like Paulo Maluf and Fernando Collor got elected. (It’s unclear, however, if Maluf will be able to take office given his ineligibility under the clean record law .) São Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmin was reelected in spite of the capital city running out of water , among other things, and the reviled former Rio Governor Sérgio Cabral’s successor, Pezão, is headed for a runoff. Politicians who’ve come under fire for their homophobic views and bigoted behavior like Marco Feliciano and Jair Bolsonaro won reelection.
On the legislative front, this Congress is the most conservative elected since the post-1964 period, according to the Intersyndical Parliamentary Assistance Department. A larger number of members of the armed forces, religious groups, and agribusiness representatives won seats. Meanwhile, two of the country’s biggest parties, the Partido dos Trabalhadores (PT) and the Partido do Movimento Democrático Brasileiro (PMDB), lost 18 and five seats, respectively, in the Chamber of Deputies and one seat each in the Senate. (They still, however, represent the biggest parties in Congress.)  The right-leaning PSDB, meanwhile, gained 10 seats in the lower house. Now, in the already fractured party system, there are even more parties in the legislature, rising from 22 to 28 .
Given these events, what happened to the demands for change during last year’s protests ?
Theory one: Brazilians don’t feel they’re represented by the options at the ballot box, and they’re so tired of the status quo that they don’t bother to pick any candidates. Abstention stood at 19%, the highest level since 1998 . The combined number of those who didn’t vote and those who voted blank and null amounted to nearly 39 million people—more people than those who voted for Neves. Null and blank votes for federal representatives in São Paulo doubled since 2002, and tripled in Rio .
Theory two: Change is slow. “When things change very quickly, as in Brazil’s case since democratization, people get used to making a safe vote,” wrote São Paulo-based journalist Leandro Beguoci on Twitter . One sign of a little bit of change involves the PSOL, a left-wing party well-positioned to plug into the protesters’ demands. It saw a handful of modest successes in the election. Congressman and LGBT activist Jean Wyllys was reelected in Rio, and was the seventh-most voted federal deputy in the state. Rio state lawmaker and human rights advocate Marcelo Freixo also won reelection and helped double the number of PSOL representatives in the state legislature. The PSOL’s presidential candidate, Luciana Genro, came in fourth place, winning over 1.6 million votes. This represents an 82% increase over what the PSOL candidate earned in the 2010 election.
Theory three: The protests weren’t directed at a specific political party, but rather institutions overall, writes journalist Leandro Sakamoto on his blog . “A deep and structural societal change doesn’t happen overnight…those young people didn’t ask for a new government, but something deeper,” he says. By this account, change is going to be gradual and will come from more than a single election.
Theory four: It’s precisely the growth of the new middle class that’s spurring a move away from the PT and toward more conservative politicians. “Brazilians face the challenge of updating their politics to match emerging voter sophistication and demands for less corrupt, more efficient public spending,” writes Rio-based blogger Julia Michaels . “Paradoxically, it may be that part of Dilma’s Workers’ Party shrinking appeal is due to a growing conservatism on the part of those who have left poverty during their watch. Voters may not see (or believe in) a clear economic-political connection.” Sakamoto adds a similar idea: “This conservatism isn’t necessarily the fruit of reflection, but comes from the fear of losing the little they’ve managed to achieve and to become a nobody.”
This originally appeared at riogringa.com . Follow Rachel @ riogringa .
Share this:

Three grassroots projects that Modis Clean India campaign can learn fromCleaning India is going to be hard.(AP Photo/Rafiq Maqbool)
SHARE
Bahar Dutt
October 9, 2014
Narendra Modi has reached out far and wide to get his Clean India campaign off the ground. From industrialist Anil Ambani to former cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, the prime minister has called out to prominent Indians—on social media and elsewhere—to galvanize support for the mission, which aims to spruce up India within five years.
Even Modi’s cabinet ministers have taken to sweeping the streets lately, making for perfect photo ops. But the much harder work of actually cleaning India is more than just wielding a broom.
Here are three projects—with critical grassroots involvement—that have interesting solutions to India’s massive cleanliness problem.
Daily Dump
“We help you throw differently,” promises this Bangalore-based startup, which says it has kept about 14,000 kilograms of organic waste out of landfills by using a simple device—the Khamba. The brainchild of Poonam Bir Kasturi, the founder of Daily Dump, this inexpensive and compact terracotta device helps city dwellers turn the waste from their kitchen to eco-friendly compost. It’s made from raw materials sourced from potters (thereby earning them a small income), and is small enough to be installed on a balcony.
On an average, an Indian city produces 3,000 tonnes of waste every day, most of which goes into landfills even when it could just have been managed at the household level. Typically, according to Daily Dump, each bag of garbage thrown out of Indian homes contain 50-60% organic waste and 25-30% of recyclable waste.
Organic waste from the kitchen is segregated from the dry waste. The wet waste is collected in pots, to which some dried leaves, paper or sawdust is added to aid the composting process. After 10 weeks, it turns into manure for your plants. And if you have created too much manure, Daily Dump even buys back the excess from you.
The company also provides back-end services to those who want advice, are struggling with composting or want their entire block to take up the activity.
SWaCH Cooperative, Pune
Pune’s SWaCH—Solid Waste Collection and Handling—is India’s first wholly-owned cooperative of self-employed waste pickers.
Its 2,300 members (dominated by women) provide door-to-door waste collection and other waste management services across 400,000 households in 15 wards of the Pune Municipal Corporation. The workers collect in pairs, are paid on an average Rs10-30 and segregate waste into recyclables—paper, plastics, metal, glass—and wet waste, for composting. A new innovation by this women’s cooperative is the ‘Swach yellow bags’ for disposing sanitary towels and baby diapers.
The cooperative, which traces its roots to the Kagad Kach Patra Kashtakari Panchayat (KKPKP), a membership-based trade union for waste pickers established in 1993, has provided dignity to waste workers usually considered at the lowest rung of society. At the same time, it has ensured that Pune’s garbage is responsibly collected and disposed.
Eco-Femme
Over the course of her menstruating years, an average woman generates 125 kilograms of sanitary waste . And in India’s cities and now in rural areas, too, a rising number of women are switching to using disposable sanitary pads. But these, contrary to what their name suggests, are barely disposable. Instead, once discarded, they end up littering village roadsides or getting burned in huge trash heaps.
That’s where Eco-Femme comes in. Since 2009, this  group of women in Tamil Nadu’s Auroville has been working on making washable cloth sanitary towels more popular. Their eco-friendly pads can last up to 75 washes, drastically reducing the need to make multiple purchases of disposable sanitary towels.
Eco-Femme estimates that about 12% of the 355 million women of menstruating age in India can afford disposable sanitary napkins. Together, that is a staggering amount of waste generated, which can be drastically reduced if cloth sanitary towels become more widespread.
After running a pilot project covering over 1,000 women in the hinterland, Eco-Femme offers a range of subsidized pads for rural communities. Alongside, there’s a more slickly packaged range for urban consumers. The enterprise currently employs 18 women, including 10 tailors from the Auroville Village Action Group’s self help groups.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

State Trading Corporation of India announces appointment of statutory auditorsState Trading Corporation of India announces appointment of statutory auditors
CompuCom Launches New Technology Center in PuneCompuCom Launches New Technology Center in Pune
Facebook s Zuckerberg in India  looks to work with PM Modi on connecting villagesFacebook s Zuckerberg in India  looks to work with PM Modi on connecting villages
Gold  silver end steady in thin tradeGold  silver end steady in thin trade
SAIF Partners invests around $13M in jewellery retailer Senco GoldSAIF Partners invests around $13M in jewellery retailer Senco Gold
Top Chinese Communist Party official sacked for corruptionTop Chinese Communist Party official sacked for corruption
Flipkart Mega Sale: Government May Formulate New Policy For E-CommerceFlipkart Mega Sale: Government May Formulate New Policy For E-Commerce
Dion Global Solutions: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 09, 2014, 03.22 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dion Global Solutions: Updates on outcome of AGM
Dion Global Solutions Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 11, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dion Global Solutions: Updates on outcome of AGM
Dion Global Solutions Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 11, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Dion Global Solutions Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 11, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Training on preparation of amla productsTraining on preparation of amla products
Our Bureau
Tweet
Coimbatore, Oct 9:  
Tamil Nadu Agricultural University is conducting a training programme on preparation of value added products from Amla on October 15 and 16
The training will cover preparation of amla beverages such as squash, nectar, syrups, concentrates such as jam, cheese, butter, dehydrated amla products like candy and supari powder, besides details for obtaining license for establishing a fruit processing unit.
The training fee for the said programme is Rs 1,000
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

How to make IIM-Ahmedabad a global brandShamni Pande      Follow @ShamniPande    Last Updated: October 10, 2014  | 11:57 IST
IIM-A Director Ashish Nanda
In an email interview with Shamni Pande of Business Today, IIM-A Director Ashish Nanda elaborates on his three-pronged strategy to make the institute a global brand.
Bringing in change takes time and requires a concentrated effort to follow an ever-evolving vision and strategy. A preformed template won't work and over the past few months (since I joined) my efforts have been to understand and learn from my colleagues.
Our vision at IIM-A is to educate leaders of enterprises; leaders, who not only have the administrative skills of managers, but also the vision and the drive to be agents of change. My learning at IIM-A has led me to develop a three-pronged strategy: nurture, connect and grow.
Nurture
For academic institutions to excel, it must have a culture with three elements: autonomy, stretch and community. Nurture refers to supporting and developing such a work environment. Professionals must feel a sense of autonomy and ownership over what they are doing.
They must also feel they should do their best, explore their limits and stretch them, if possible. A strong sense of community nourishes the sentiment of stretch, honours autonomy and encourages teamwork.
Connect
We need to strengthen the connections by reaching out proactively to four constituencies.
First is global thought leaders. We must take part in international conferences, talk with top academic institutions, build research initiatives, write papers for a global audience, and develop case studies that are seen externally, all of which place us in the flow of leading-edge conversations.
FULL COVERAGE: Best B-Schools 2014
Second, we need to connect actively with practice and policy. We should engage with people in businesses and government, carry out research in the field, bring it back to class, bring the practitioners back to class to share their experiences with us, and test our insights and thoughts with them; we have to re-energise that engagement.
Third, we need to connect better with our alumni. They are loyal to the institute, have had rich life experiences, and are in positions of responsibility in various walks of life all over the world. We should make it easy for them to contribute their experiences and insights to our students, engage with our goals and ambitions, and continue to feel life-long members of the IIM-A community. Fourth, we need to increase our connections with the local community. We can test our theories locally, contribute to our neighbours, and in the process learn from them and be treated as valued members of the community.
Grow
When I was a student of IIM-A, we had 400 students and 85 faculty. Today, we have 1,000 students and 91 faculty. It has not grown commensurate with students. We don't have the impact that we should have because we are sub-scale in some areas. Although the need is acute, we are extremely quality conscious in recruiting faculty. High-quality faculty are critical for a high-impact educational institution. But, as we scour for the best possible faculty, many potential faculty recruits are studying or working in foreign institutions. One of the biggest challenges of bringing them to IIM-A is compensation. Compared to faculty compensation in Western institutions, Indian faculty compensation is extremely low. We need to top up the base compensation to attract and retain the best faculty. If we want world-class institutes, we have to offer faculty world-class employment opportunities. To give you an example, management schools in the UK struggled with this problem for several years.
They have extraordinary universities, but they struggled with management schools, because till relatively recently they were unable to offer management faculty globally competitive compensation. A business school professor could go to Wharton or INSEAD at a high salary, whereas a language professor could only go to a similar kind of school elsewhere. It took them several years before they could sort out the issue of pay parity across schools within the university versus compensation packages that were competitive in the labour market.
Now that they have somewhat sorted this out, Said B-school at Oxford and Judge B-school at Cambridge have flourished. A similar challenge confronts IIM-A; we get top-notch students, our faculty has tremendous teaching experience. But schools in Singapore, Hong Kong, Australia, and now mainland China are offering very competitive compensation. Many of them started much later than us, don't have a rich catchment area like we do or a tradition of world-class teaching. But because they are able to offer higher compensation, they are sometimes outcompeting us when it comes to recruiting faculty. Eventually, this will have an impact on institutional competitiveness.

Gates praises PMs initiative to construct toiletsGates praises PM’s initiative to construct toilets
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, October 08, 2014
First Published: 00:00 IST(8/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:07 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
Bill Gates, who is among the world’s richest men, often talks about sanitation — “a safe place to poop,” as he puts it — when he visits India. Most times, he brings it up.
On his last visit in September, along with his wife Melinda Gates, he was surprised and impressed that Prime Minister Narendra Modi brought it up at their meeting.
“We may have spent more time talking about sanitation than anything else,” Gates wrote in a blog on Monday, adding, mostly he and his wife brought it up. “This time, the Prime Minister did,” he added. 
Modi has spoken against open defecation with rare passion for a modern Indian leader — “Pehle shauchalaya, phir devalaya (toilets first, temples later),” he said earlier this week.
At the meeting with the Bill and Melinda Gates, which went into extra time twice over, the Prime Minister spoke at length about how he plans to end open defecation by 2019. Modi’s Swachh Bharat campaign aims to build toilet in every school in  India.
“We came away impressed by his commitment to fight poverty and improving health for India’s poorest people,” wrote the Microsoft co-founder, who is worth $75 billion (Rs 4.6 lakh crore).
There are an estimated 2.5 billion people without access to proper toilets globally with India alone accounting for over a fourth of them or 650 million people.
“We came away impressed by his commitment to fighting poverty and improving health for India’s poorest people,” wrote the Microsoft co-founder, who is worth $75 billion.

Christmas Is Coming: Will It Be Merry for Merchantschristmas is coming: will it be merry for merchants
Blue Sky event: 3D printing and  the power of the crowdBlue Sky event: 3D printing and 'the power of the crowd'
Caption The 3D Printer Experience
Andrew A. Nelles / for Blue Sky / Oct. 6, 2014
Guests tour the space during the Blue Sky event hosted at The 3D Printer Experience in Chicago.
Guests tour the space during the Blue Sky event hosted at The 3D Printer Experience in Chicago. (Andrew A. Nelles / for Blue Sky / Oct. 6, 2014)
Caption The 3D Printer Experience
Andrew A. Nelles / for Blue Sky / Oct. 6, 2014
A 3D printer creates an object at The 3D Printer Experience.
A 3D printer creates an object at The 3D Printer Experience. (Andrew A. Nelles / for Blue Sky / Oct. 6, 2014)
Caption "How 3D printing can revolutionize your business"
Andrew A. Nelles / for Blue Sky / Oct. 6, 2014
Blue Sky's John Carpenter moderates while Julie Friedman Steele, founder and CEO of The 3D Printer Experience, center, and Inventables CEO Zach Kaplan speak during the "How 3D printing can revolutionize your business" event.
Blue Sky's John Carpenter moderates while Julie Friedman Steele, founder and CEO of The 3D Printer Experience, center, and Inventables CEO Zach Kaplan speak during the "How 3D printing can revolutionize your business" event. (Andrew A. Nelles / for Blue Sky / Oct. 6, 2014)
Caption Julie Friedman Steele and Zach Kaplan
Andrew A. Nelles / for Blue Sky / Oct. 6, 2014
Julie Friedman Steele and Zach Kaplan participate on the panel.
Julie Friedman Steele and Zach Kaplan participate on the panel. (Andrew A. Nelles / for Blue Sky / Oct. 6, 2014)
Caption "How 3D printing can revolutionize your business"
Andrew A. Nelles / for Blue Sky / Oct. 6, 2014
The crowd listens at the event.
The crowd listens at the event. (Andrew A. Nelles / for Blue Sky / Oct. 6, 2014)

India s resources shares face technical selling pressureE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

A little bit of depthUpdated: October 7, 2014 18:59 IST
A little bit of depth
Ayyappa Nagubandi
Special arrangement Structure Sensor is a tiny 3D scanner that can be fit to any device.
Special arrangement Structure Sensor measures the distance between the user and objects in his surroundings.
Special arrangement Structure Sensor
technology (general)
Structure Sensor is a tiny 3D scanner that packs a punch
The term “Augmented Reality” sounds a lot cooler than the actual thing. It is quite useless most of the time because the reality, as perceived by your phone, does not have one dimension. Occipital is a company that is into scanning and computer vision, and they want to add real depth to the vision of your tablet. They did this with Structure Sensor!
Costing $349, the device is a camera, a lot like Microsoft Kinect. It fits snugly on the back of your iPad, and can also fit on any other device with a little tweaking here and there. Once the bracket is on, your tablet can not only see objects, but also figure out the distance between you and a certain object. It can just do about anything — from turning an object into a 3D model to measuring the distance of a room.
The creators hope that the bundled Structure SDK will go on to become an industry standard for developers and camera makers.
3D scanning is one of the simplest uses of the camera. While it does not display as many details as a stationary scanner, it has speed on its side. So, if you are looking for fine detail, then Structure is not for you. This sensor does not work well with objects that are smaller than a medium-sized stuffed toy.
Two of the good things about this device are that it is quite economical and really fast. The Digitizer takes about 10 minutes to scan an object. But, creating a model with Structure Sensor takes about the same time you need in order to walk around the object slowly. The camera of your iPad can capture and overlay textures on the model, while the software seals the gaps and exports it to be used as a virtual asset or a 3D printing design. A large object looks fantastic, a medium sized object looks like a well-rendered video game character from the nineties, and something as large as a DSLR looks like a camera-shaped blob.
The 3D scanning capabilities of Structure have caught the attention of a printing company called 3D Systems that has offered to create and sell self-branded versions of Structure Sensor. The device’s augmented reality uses, although slightly rough, are brilliant.
The software platform has some loopholes. It is just as strong as the ecosystem that can be built upon it. This means, the company is relying heavily on early backers to make the best use of its work.
Know more about the sensor from their website http://structure.io
Ayyappa Nagubandi is an entrepreneur and co-founder of Possibillion Technologies.

We want to change the way Indians look at smartphones: Jolla foundersPrint
A smartphone is more than just its spec sheet and hardware. (Source: Jolla)
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: October 8, 2014 2:59 pm | Updated: October 8, 2014 3:06 pm
There are many smartphone buyers in India who see Jolla as yet another new Chinese mobile brand. For them, here’s the Jolla story narrated by Sami Pienimäki, co-founder and CMO and Marc Dillon, co-founder and COO of Jolla. And note the name is not jhola or jollah (in Indian accent), it’s pronounced as “yolla”.
In an attempt to regain market share in 2004, Nokia was looking forward to create a new Linux-based smartphone operating system called Maemo. The project was soon merged with Intel Moblin (Mobile Linux) project and was renamed MeeGo. In September 2011, Nokia launched its first and only smartphone running the Linux-based MeeGo OS called the Nokia N9.
After the launch of N9, Nokia shifted its focus to Windows Phone and abandoned the entire MeeGo project. “We all worked with Nokia for a long time building products. After Nokia changed its strategy in February 2011, we looked at the people who worked for this asset called MeeGo. The project was invested heavily by Nokia and Intel till 2011. We realised that not only we could build our own product from where Nokia left it, but we also felt that the market really needed a change,” said Dillion.
So, Jolla is a Finnish brand with its headquarters in Helsinki, Finland (and definitely NOT Chinese). Period. Jolla was founded by ex-Nokia employees who were working in Nokia’s MeeGo team in late 2011 and Sailfish smartphone operating system is its creation. Sailfish OS is presently available on Jolla smartphones only. However, users can try the Sailfish launcher on their Android smartphones as well.
When Nokia abandoned MeeGo in 2011, the Jolla team had the open source components of MeeGo but the team had to create the Sailfish OS from ground zero as they did not have access to Nokia’s patents and IPs. “Right from 2004 till 2011, Nokia, Intel and others invested around a billion Euros in the project. After 2011, we took the open source MeeGo base and we stared to invest and collect a significant amount of interest in the Sailfish open source code base. Now, after building the Sailfish OS, we are inviting other manufacturers to use it,” said Pienimäki.
Jolla smartphone was launched in Europe last year. Many feel that Jolla is late in entering the Indian market. In reply, Dillion says that it takes a lot of time to create an operating system which is the primary reason of very few choices being available. “We don’t know whether we are late or not but we are certainly happy with our efforts to enter India now,” he said.
Jolla partnered with Snapdeal to launch its first Sailfish smartphone in India. Tony Navin, senior vice president, Electronics & Home, Snapdeal.com feels that most smartphone in the Indian market are similar. “Apart from the form factor or hardware, there are no major differentiators. Going by the trend, consumers are now looking for something that can stand apart,” he said.
Going by the spec sheet, the Jolla smartphones sounds pretty ordinary. Yes, the Sailfish OS is different, but is it good enough to make Jolla stand apart, especially in a smartphone market which is driven by low costs and high-sounding spec sheets?
“This is what we want to change. A smartphone is more than just its spec sheet and hardware. I doubt how many buyers actually need high smartphone compute power. One doesn’t need an octa-core processor to perform regular activities or even play most of the games. Also, more the CPU cores, lesser the battery life. We aim to provide a good all-round smartphone experience and deliver a fresh operating system to consumers,” said Pienimäki. Also, the company promises to send frequent updates.
Earlier, many reviewers stated that the smartphone is inspired by the Nokia N9 and Jolla has put together the best features of Android, Windows Phone and BlackBerry 10 operating systems to create the Sailfish OS. To this, Dillon said, “Yes. The Jolla smartphone may be inspired by the N9 but the Sailfish OS is completely unique. We did not look at any other operating systems while creating it. As it’s an open source project, I would say others took inspiration from our Saifish OS.”
Jolla has always focused on ‘the other half’ of the smartphone which is essentially the back cover.
Jolla calls the rear half as “The Other Half” and claims it to be more than just a back cover. These are smart covers which can automatically change the colour theme, wallpaper, font along with some tweaks to the UI when changed. Jolla will look forward to further innovate this segment to even include solar panels. “The smart back cover opens up a new avenues of creativity and invention,” added Pienimäki.

Hrithik Roshan sizzles on the rampCelebrity
Hrithik's special show for children
Hrithik Roshan and Katrina Kaif's movie Bang Bang released on October 2. Recently Hrithik Roshan held a special screening for kids for his movie. We bring you the hot actors' photos!
Hrithik Roshan's Bang Bang has crossed the 300- crore mark, thus being the 5th highest opening Bollywood film.
1 / 30

Cult hit start-up Product Hunt lands new funding 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Gold Rises to Near 2-Week High as US Rate Hike Fears EaseGovernment to Streamline Subsidies, Cheap LPG for Rich May Go: Finance Minister
Singapore:
Gold climbed to its highest in nearly two weeks on Thursday as expectations of an early hike in US interest rates eased and the dollar lost traction after the release of minutes of the last Federal Reserve policy meeting.
FUNDAMENTALS
* Spot gold rose to $1,223.61 an ounce early on Thursday, before paring gains to trade down 0.2 per cent at $1,219.30 by 0036 GMT. The metal had risen for three days in a row before Thursday.
* US gold futures jumped over 1 per cent to $1,224.30 - also close to a two-week peak, while silver futures rose nearly 2 per cent.
* Fed officials want to tie an interest-rate rise to US economic progress, but the minutes of their last policy meeting show they are struggling with how to come to grips with the dual threats of a stronger dollar and a global slowdown.
* The minutes of the September 16-17 meeting, released on Wednesday, expressed concern the rising dollar could slow a needed rebound in inflation, and also highlighted economic turmoil in Europe and Asia.
* The minutes prompted investors to bet that the Fed is in no rush to tighten after years of monetary stimulus.
* The US dollar, which has risen in the last 12 weeks, hit a two-week low, boosting gold's appeal.
* Bullion investors had feared that strong US economic data would prompt the Fed to boost rates soon, a move that would dent demand for non-interest-bearing gold.
* Despite the uptick in gold prices this week, sentiment remained bearish as gold remains close to the key $1,200-an-ounce level.
* Holdings in SPDR Gold Trust, the world's top gold-backed exchange-traded fund and a good proxy for market sentiment, fell 5.38 tonnes to 762.09 tonnes on Wednesday -- the lowest since December 2008.
MARKET NEWS
* US stocks soared and the dollar fell on Wednesday on a wave of investor relief after the Fed said it does not plan to hike interest rates before the economy can support an increase.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

SP 500 has best day in a year following Fed minutesOct 09, 2014, 07.45 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
S&P 500 has best day in a year following Fed minutes
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 274.83 points, or 1.64 percent, to 16,994.22, the S&P 500 gained 33.79 points, or 1.75 percent, to 1,968.89 and the Nasdaq Composite added 83.39 points, or 1.9 percent, to 4,468.59.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
S&P 500 has best day in a year following Fed minutes
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 274.83 points, or 1.64 percent, to 16,994.22, the S&P 500 gained 33.79 points, or 1.75 percent, to 1,968.89 and the Nasdaq Composite added 83.39 points, or 1.9 percent, to 4,468.59.
Post your opinion here
 
US stocks soared on Wednesday, with major indexes posting their biggest one-day jumps of 2014 after the Federal Reserve reassured investors that its first interest rate hike would not come until it deemed the economy could withstand it.
The day's gains were broad and gains accelerated near the end of the volatile session. While Wall Street fell in morning trading, with the S&P briefly dipping under its 150-day moving average, all ten primary sectors of the S&P ended higher and only one closed with a gain of less than 1 percent.
The Fed has said that it would not raise rates for a "considerable time," and in the minutes from its September 16-17 meeting the US central bank expressed concern that this could be interpreted "as a commitment" rather than being based on data that pointed to an economy that could grow without Fed stimulus.
 
"Data dependency is what the Fed is trying to beat into the skull of Mr. Market, and the labor market is still too squishy for the Fed to be raising rates anytime soon," said Jim O’Donnell, chief investment officer at Forward in San Francisco, which has USD 5 billion in assets under management.
Sectors tied to the pace of economic growth led the day. Financials rose 1.8 percent while technology was up 2 percent. Among specific names, JPMorgan Chase & Co added 1.9 percent to USD 60.40 while Apple Inc was up 2.1 percent to USD 100.80.
Only 21 of the S&P's 500 components ended lower, while the CBOE Volatility index fell 12.2 percent to 15.11.
With the turn higher, the S&P 500 was 2.2 percent below its record close while the Russell 2000 was 9.3 percent away from its record, moving out of the 10 percent threshold that represents a correction.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 274.83 points, or 1.64 percent, to 16,994.22, the S&P 500 gained 33.79 points, or 1.75 percent, to 1,968.89 and the Nasdaq Composite added 83.39 points, or 1.9 percent, to 4,468.59.
The day marked the biggest one-day advance for both the S&P and Nasdaq since Oct. 10, 2013, when hopes grew for a deal to end a budget stalemate in Washington. It was the best day for the Dow since December.
Volume was heavy, with about 8.4 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data, well over the month-to-date average of 7.19 billion.
After the market closed, Alcoa Inc rose in extended trading after the aluminum maker reported third-quarter revenue that topped expectations.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 2,474 to 608, for a 4.07-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,917 issues rose and 772 fell for a 2.48-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The benchmark S&P 500 index posted 14 new 52-week highs and 23 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite saw 23 new highs and 268 new lows.
RELATED NEWS

New York: Century-old time capsule unsealedprint
A century-old time capsule, filled mostly with documents by long-gone Wall Street businessmen celebrating New York as a commercial hub, was unsealed Wednesday.
Spectators at the New-York Historical Society gathered around the mysterious bronze box as workers wearing surgical gloves removed 26 screws keeping it sealed since 1914.
 
Items wrapped in paper and envelopes sit in a bronze chest time capsule which was opened during a ceremony at the New-York Historical Society, Wednesday in New York. (AP Photo)
The crowd leaned in when the lid came off and historian Nick Yablon reached in for the items: a collection of documents, booklets and newspapers depicting the turn-of-the-century businessmen's interests - from the tea, coffee and spice trade to other commerce, baseball and bullfights.
"This is the thrill of recovering relics," said Yablon, a professor of American studies at the University of Iowa who's writing a book about time capsules.
The Lower Wall Street Business Men's Association deposited the box with the historical society after celebrating the tricentennial of the 1614 charter of the New Netherland Company, one of the colony's pioneering commercial enterprises and a precursor of New York business. The association asked that the time capsule be unsealed in 1974.
But that didn't happen because the time capsule was forgotten.
A curator discovered it in the society's warehouse in Manhattan's Chelsea neighborhood.
Art handler Daniel Santiago lifts the lid off of the bronze chest time capsule from 1914 as New-York Historical Society curator of decorative arts Margaret Hofer assists during a ceremony on Wednesday in New York. (AP Photo)
The box containing the well-preserved papers included another interesting item: a facsimile of a 1774, pre-American Revolutionary War letter written by the colony, now New York, to British colonized Boston, urging that the colonies unite.
Fast forward to May 23, 1914, the date of a telegram in the box from then New York Gov. Martin Glynn wishing the New York of 1974 well.
A copy of the New York Times from the same day reports that a banker was found guilty of murder.
As it turned out, in 1974, the city was battling a fiscal crisis. And The Lower Wall Street Business Men's Association no longer existed.
But the future does.
And a new time capsule was created by high schools students from the society's internship program. They selected items to be unsealed in 2114, including tickets to a Lady Gaga concert.
Contributions also include Purell hand sanitizer and an iconic, Greek-style New York paper coffee cup.
Julia Gatenio added a New York subway poster alerting riders to service changes, taped to a station pole.
"I stole it," confessed the giggling 17-year-old.

Model villages to get smart schools and pucca housesPrint
Written by Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 12:30 am
In what the NDA government hopes will change the face of villages in the country, the “model villages” under Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana (SAGY) will have it all — ‘smart schools’, universal access to basic health facilities, pucca houses for the homeless, universal PDS for eligible families, e-governance, and Aadhaar cards for all.
SAGY, announced by Modi in his first Independence Day speech, will be launched on October 11. Under the scheme, each MP will adopt a village every year for all-round development, and the implementation will be aided by his/her MPLAD fund.
According to a detailed blueprint of the ambitious programme prepared by the Rural Development Ministry, which has been accessed by The Indian Express, the scheme will ensure “holistic development” of identified villages in all aspects — personal, human, social, economic and environmental development as well as provision of basic amenities and services, social security and good governance.
As per the contours of the scheme, all schools in the village will be converted to “smart schools” with IT-enabled classrooms, e-libraries and web-based teaching. It also promises “universal access to education facilities up to Class X”. In the health sector, “universal access to basic health facilities consisting of health card, medical examination” will be provided, along with total immunisation.
Continuing with this government’s emphasis on the UPA’s Aadhaar project, SAGY will ensure the provision of Aadhaar cards to all.
Pucca houses for all homeless or those living in kutcha houses will be a key focus of the scheme, besides ensuring toilets in each household and all public institutions. Other facilities include piped drinking water, all weather connectivity to the main road, electricity connection to all households, village libraries, telecom and broadband connectivity as well as CCTVs in public places.
For social security, old-age, disability and widow pensions, insurance schemes like Aam Aadmi Bima Yojana and “universal access” to the Public Distribution System to eligible households will be provided. Under the scheme, each MP will be free to identify a gram panchayat to be developed as a model village, except his or her own village and that of his/ her spouse.
SAGY also lays emphasis on “personal development” by inculcating “hygienic behaviour”, “physical exercise” and “reducing risk behaviour”, including alcoholism, smoking and substance abuse. The blueprint says deliverables under the scheme will be “classified as immediate (within three months), short term (within six months), medium term (within one year) and long term (beyond one year)”.

Polaris Financial Technology plunges over 21% as the stock goes ex-demerger todayBoard of the Directors
(Polaris Financial Technology…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Polaris Financial Technology ended over 15 per cent lower today, eroding Rs 326.98 crore from its market valuation, on massive selling pressure as the stock went ex-demerger.
The company's stock plunged 13.36 per cent to settle at Rs 213.95 on the BSE. During the day, it tumbled 21.13 per cent to Rs 194.75.
At the NSE, the stock close at Rs 210, down 15.32 per cent from its previous close.
Following the sharp fall in the stock, the company's market value plunged Rs 326.98 crore to Rs 2,134.02 crore.
In a filing to the BSE, Polaris had last month said that the Board of Directors in its meeting held on September 24, have fixed the record date as October 10 for the purpose of determining the list of shareholders who are entitled to receive the shares in Intellect Design Arena Limited , the resulting company after the demerger.
The company had earlier announced the demerger of its products business into a separate entity called Intellect Design Arena and the scheme of arrangement has already been sanctioned by the Madras High Court.
Under the scheme of demerger, each member of Polaris will be allotted one new share in Intellect Design Arena for every one share held in Polaris Financial Technology.
"Post the record date, Intellect Design Arena will allot its shares to the shareholders of Polaris Financial Technology," the company had said in a BSE filing on September 26.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Polaris Financial Technology tanks 21%  quotes ex-demergerOct 09, 2014, 12.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Polaris Financial Technology tanks 21%, quotes ex-demerger
The Chennai-based software company has fixed the record date as October 10, 2014 for the purpose of determining the list of shareholders who are entitled to receive the shares in Intellect Design Arena, the resulting company after the demerger.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Polaris Financial Technology tanks 21%, quotes ex-demerger
The Chennai-based software company has fixed the record date as October 10, 2014 for the purpose of determining the list of shareholders who are entitled to receive the shares in Intellect Design Arena, the resulting company after the demerger.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Polaris Financial Technology are quoting ex-demerger on Thursday. The stock fell as much as 21.1 percent intraday.
The Chennai-based software company has fixed the record date as October 10, 2014 for the purpose of determining the list of shareholders who are entitled to receive the shares in Intellect Design Arena, the resulting company after the demerger.
The Honourable High Court of Madras, on September 15, sanctioned the scheme of arrangement (demerger) between Polaris Financial Technology and Intellect Design Arena and their respective shareholders and creditors for the demerger of products business undertaking of the company into a separate entity, Intellect Design Arena.
As per the scheme, each member of Polaris will be alloted one new equity share in Intellect Design Arena for every one equity share held in demerged company (Polaris).
"Post the record date, Intellect will allot its shares to the shareholders of Polaris," said the company in its filing on September 24.
At 12:03 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 209.50, down Rs 37.45, or 15.17 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Hyderabad boy dies in blaze  army men accusedHyderabad boy dies in blaze, army men accused
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Hyderabad, October 09, 2014
First Published: 11:16 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:35 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
Tension gripped Mehdipatnam army garrison area of Hyderabad on Thursday following the death of an 11-year-old boy allegedly set on fire by jawans.
Sheikh Mustafauddin, who was found with critical burn injuries at Mehdipatnam in the heart of the city on Wednesday, died at DRDO Apollo Hospital.
The boy, a student of a madrasa, told a magistrate in his dying declaration that some army men poured kerosene over him and set him ablaze.
Army authorities have denied involvement of any military man in the incident.
"On investigation, it is found that this allegation is absolutely false and no army personnel is involved in this incident. The army condemns this act. All necessary assistance is being provided to the police authorities to carry out a detailed investigation to arrive at the truth," said a statement from the army authorities.
Watch: 11-year-old boy set ablaze by ‘army men’ in Hyderabad dies
Mustafauddin's body was shifted to government-run Osmania General Hospital for autopsy.
The police have tightened security around the military area to prevent any untoward incident. 
A resident of Siddique Nagar, Mustafauddin was allegedly called inside the garrison area by two military men. They allegedly beat him and later set him ablaze.
He sustained more than 80% burns and was found lying near the main gate of the garrison. The locals of Siddique Nagar rushed him to a private hospital and later to the DRDO Apollo Hospital.
A case of attempt to murder was registered against unidentified military men at Humayunagar police station. It will now be turned into a murder case. 
The police have formed a special team to conduct the investigation.
Hyderabad police commissioner Mahender Reddy said the guilty would not be spared.
After Mustafauddin's death, locals assembled at the garrison gate and raised slogans against the army, demanding justice for the boy's family.
A protester who did not want to be named claimed this was not the first skirmish between them and the army. "We are subjected to many questions each time we pass through this area. They intend to drive us away from here." 
Deputy commissioner of police (west zone) V Satyanarayana said, "The dying declaration points to some men in uniform. We are ascertaining the facts."
 

Stir Kinetic: This super-expensive smart desk keeps you alert at work  less tired at the end of the day6
2
New York: You may want to sit down for this. Then get up. Then sit down again. That's because there's a desk out there that tells you to do exactly that.
The Stir Kinetic is probably the world's first "smart" desk. It has a built-in touch screen, so you can see this either as a desk with a smartphone in it or a smartphone with a desk attached.
Why does a desk need to be smart? One answer is that it has motors and needs smarts to control them. The motors raise and lower the desk surface. You program it with the height you need for sitting and the height you need for standing. It moves, quietly, between them.
It has a built-in touch screen, so you can see this either as a desk with a smartphone in it or a smartphone with a desk attached.
#stir kinetic #smart desk #desk
The other reason the desk needs smarts is that you don't have them. Well, not you, in particular, but people like you. Apparently we know that sitting all day is not good for us, but when we get motorised desks, we don't use them very much.
"Users were, in general, positive to the worktables, but showed poor compliance in using them," as some Swedish researchers put it in 2005.
Stir was founded by a former Apple engineer, making it sort of like the Nest thermostat of desks. Both are everyday objects imbued with top-notch software. The Nest figures out when you're home and varies the temperature accordingly; the Stir desk knows if you're in front of it.
The Stir knows if it's at the standing or sitting level and keeps track of how long you've been in that position. After 20 minutes or whatever interval you select, it will tell you to switch positions. It does so by "breathing" - it gently moves up an inch, then settles down. Nothing further happens unless you tap the touch screen twice to confirm you want to change positions.
You can buy a "dumb" motorised standing desk for $1,500. There are also some nifty designs with mechanical counterbalances for the same price. There was even a Kickstarter crowdfunding campaign offering a bare-bones motorised table for $369.
The Stir Kinetic costs $3,890, plus tax and $299 for shipping. So if you disregard the other qualities of the desk (and the white-glove delivery service), you're paying more than $2,000 for its smarts, which do the same thing as any number of free timer apps.
A standing desk isn't going to do you any good on its own, says Alan Hedge, a professor of ergonomics at Cornell University. What helps is moving around a lot and switching positions.
"If you're sitting in a static posture or standing in a static posture, that's not particularly helpful, because muscles fatigue very quickly and the circulatory system is not being helped," Hedge says. "When you're moving around ... it activates what's called the muscle pump that helps to return blood back to the heart."
So the $2,000 question here is whether you have the willpower and presence of mind to do that without a smart desk reminding you and helping you track your behavior.
I used the Stir for a week, and the benefits of the sit-stand regime were pretty obvious. I felt more alert at work and less tired at the end of each day. I'm less sure about the benefit of the reminders. They tended to come at the wrong times. Bloated with lunch, I didn't want to stand up. When on a roll, I didn't want to sit down.
The Stir is supposed to learn your habits, much like the Nest. But it takes four weeks for it to get your measure and start to use that knowledge to time its prompts. As I had it for only a week, I couldn't test this feature.
I was, of course, popular in the office that week. Everyone came by to look at the fancy new desk with its shiny, Apple-like white acrylic top. I was happy to demonstrate its features, which include USB and traditional AC power outlets hidden under lids. There's plenty of space to hide your laptop power brick under these lids, too.
Through the touch screen, you can connect the desk to Wi-Fi so it can download software updates. If you use a Fitbit exercise band, you can also have it send your standing times to Fitbit.com, which computes how many calories you've used that way.
All in all, it was a very pleasant experience. The worst I can say is that the touch screen is fairly sensitive and reacts not just to finger touches, but also to random objects landing on it. If a book, phone or pen edges on to the screen, it can start the desk surface moving. The company says it shouldn't be happening.
My remedy was to lock the screen by swiping down. This adds the extra step of unlocking it when you want to change positions.
But the question remains in my mind: Would I feel just as good with a $1,500 sit-stand desk that doesn't remind me to move?
If money is no object, by all means get the Stir. But there's quite a bit happening in the world of sit-stand desks, as evidenced by the recent Kickstarter campaign. It wouldn't surprise me if desks that are cheaper, but just as capable, are just around the corner.
1

Nokia s Here map comes to Android - but limited to Samsung Galaxy phones for now20
0
New Delhi: Nokia's Here Map app has finally made its entry into Android. The Here Map, which was earlier restricted to Windows phones and Nokia X series, is now available (in beta) for the Galaxy smartphones from Samsung. Owners of Samsung's Galaxy phones can download the Here map app, which is an alternative to Google Maps, from the Samsung Galaxy Apps Store.
It is designed to run on Galaxy smartphones running Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) and higher, with 1GB of RAM or more.
There is no information as to when and if the app will make its way to other Android phones.
Nokia's Here map app is designed to run on Galaxy smartphones running Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) and higher, with 1GB of RAM or more.

India warns Pakistan of high price after more fightingIndia warns Pakistan of high price after more fighting
Pakistan won t be able to bear cost of  adventurism : JaitleyPakistan won't be able to bear cost of 'adventurism': Jaitley
Agencies | New Delhi Oct 09, 2014 12:32 PM IST
In the strongest warning yet over unabated ceasefire violations from across the border, India today asserted that Pakistan will not be able to bear the cost of this 'adventurism' if it persists with such 'unprovoked' aggression.
 
"Pakistan in these attacks has clearly been the aggressor but it must realise that our deterrence will be credible. If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unafforable," Defence Minister Arun Jaitley told reporters here.
 
If Pakistan wants peace on the borders, Jaitley said, it should stop what it is doing. "Pakistan has to stop this unprovoked firing and shelling. As long as that continues how can there be peace."
 
Asked about chances of talks between leaders of the two countries, he shot back, "how can you talk when firing is on."
 
Our armed forces, Jaitley said, have been doing a commendable job.
 
He said India is a responsible country which is not an aggressor but it is responsible for fully protecting its people and land.
 
"Our forces are taking all steps they can to protect our people and land," he said.
 
 
Seven civilians have been killed so far in Pakistani firing in civilian areas close to the border since October 6. A total of 60 people have been injured, including five who were injured Wednesday night.
 
Jaitley said that Pakistan was clearly the aggressor in the recent attacks and that the ceasefire violations were 'an effort by Pakistan to precipitate tensions where none exist' and 'to provide a cover for infiltration'.
 
Over 20,000 people from the border villages have abandoned their homes to avoid being targeted by Pakistani shelling of civilian habitations in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts.
Pak troops intensify firing across border

Hathway Cable rises on plans to raise Rs 150cr via preferential share issueHathway Cable rises on plans to raise Rs 150cr via preferential share issue
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 12:32 PM IST
Shares of Hathway Cable & Datacom were up nearly 3% at Rs 310 ahead of the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting tomorrow to raise funds through preferential allotment of equity shares.
The company plans to issue up to 47,00,000 shares fully-paid equity shares to CLSA Global Markets Pte. Ltd at Rs 320 per share aggregating up to Rs 150.40 crore on a preferential allotment basis in one or more tranches.
Further, Macquarie Bank acquired 40.73 lakh shares of the company at an average price of Rs 304.72 per share in bulk deals on Wednesday, as per data on the National Stock Exchange.
The stock opened at Rs 307 and touched a high of Rs 317 so far. Over 85,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.

Bankers fear new rules will scare off talentBankers fear new UK rules will scare off talent
By Sam Fleming and Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e6aa70bc-4f02-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Where is Kim Jong Un North Korea leader s absence sparks speculationWhere is Kim Jong Un? North Korea leader's absence sparks speculation
Reuters
print
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has been out of sight for over a month and if he does not appear at a key political event early on Friday, speculation will intensify over his health and grip on power in the secretive country.
North Korea's state media, which usually chronicles the 31-year-old's whereabouts in great detail, has not made any mention of Kim's activities since he appeared at a concert with his wife on September 3.
Friday is the 69th anniversary of the founding of North Korea's Workers' Party, an event Kim has marked in the past two years with a post-midnight visit to the Pyongyang mausoleum where the bodies of his father and grandfather are interred.
"Should he fail to appear, it will fuel speculation that the young North Korean leader has fallen on hard times of one kind or another," said Curtis Melvin, a researcher at the US-Korea Institute at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies in Washington. "The longer he remains out of the public eye, the more uncertainty about him, and the status of his regime, will grow." Kim's father, Kim Jong Il, often appeared in state media at party events or factory visits on the October 10 anniversary, newspaper archives show.
North Korean officials have denied that Kim's public absence since early September is health-related and a US official following North Korea said this week there were no indications he was seriously ill or in political trouble. Speculation that Kim's unusually long absence from public view may be due to ill health was fuelled by a North Korean TV report late last month that he was suffering from "discomfort".
Some Pyongyang-watchers also suggest that Kim may have been sidelined in a power struggle, a scenario they say was reinforced by the unexpected visit on Saturday of a high-level delegation to the closing ceremony of the Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea. Another interpretation of that visit holds that it was meant to convey stability in Pyongyang.
"It would have to be a very subtle coup indeed not to disrupt international travel plans," said Andray Abrahamian of the Choson Exchange, a Singapore-based NGO currently running a programme for North Koreans in Southeast Asia. This is not the first time Kim Jong Un has been missing from public view. In June 2012, six months after coming to power, state media failed to report on or photograph him for 23 days. He re-surfaced the next month at a dolphinarium.
Kim, who has rapidly gained weight since coming to power after his father died of a heart attack in 2011, had been seen walking with a limp since an event with key officials in July. He was absent from a Sept. 25 meeting of the Supreme People's Assembly, or parliament, the first he has not attended since coming to power three years ago.
However, Kim's name has not disappeared from state propaganda. Thursday's edition of the Workers' Party newspaper, the Rodong Sinmun, carried three letters to Kim from overseas allies on its front page, and has reported on returning athletes from the Asian Games who thanked "the Marshal" for his support during the competition.
Abrahamian said he believes Kim's absence has been due to health reasons, and not that he's been usurped. "Kim Jong Un has always shared power with other key figures and even if the internal balance of power has shifted, it is unlikely that they would want to remove him, given his unmatchable symbolic value. Again, though, everyone is guessing," he said.

Nissan appoints Arun Malhotra as MDNissan appoints Arun Malhotra as MD
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 01:24 PM IST
Nissan today announced the appointment of Arun Malhotra as the new Managing Director for Nissan Motor India, the 100% subsidiary of Nissan Motor Co, Japan.
Malhotra will report to Guillaume Sicard, President - Nissan India Operations. He will be based in Nissan's Sales & Marketing headquarters in Mumbai.
In this role, Malhotra will be responsible for developing business strategies to maximize Nissan's overall performance, managing product introduction and significantly increasing the presence and accessibility of the Nissan and Datsun brands through continuing network expansion.
Prior to joining Nissan, Malhotra was the chief of International Sales and Marketing for the automotive and farm sector of Mahindra & Mahindra. With over 30 years of experience Malhotra has worked with Bajaj Auto and Maruti Suzuki. He has a BE in Mechanical Engineering and an MBA from Indian Institute of Management, Kolkata.

5 reasons why Sensex surged over 400 pts | Gold above 27 000You are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends 390 points up; top 5 reasons why today's rally is sustainable
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 03.50PM IST
(All the sectoral indices…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty bounced back after three days of decline and closed above 7,950 as sentiment turned bullish in global markets as the US Federal Reserve's indicated interest rates will not be hiked earlier than expected.
The Sensex ended the day at 26,637.28; up 390.49 points.
The Nifty shut shop at 7,960.55; up 117.85 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index rallied 1.82 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index surged 1.54 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 3.01 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex was 2.41 per cent higher, the S&P BSE Power Index advanced 2.25 per cent and the S&P BSE Metal Index advanced 1.76 per cent.
BHEL (up 8.16 per cent), Hindalco (up 5.51 per cent), Zee Entertainment (up 5.10 per cent), Ambuja Cements (up 3.89 per cent) and Punjab National Bank (up 3.33 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Tech Mahindra (2.55 per cent), Jindal Steel (0.60 per cent), NMDC (0.56 per cent), NTPC (0.49 per cent) and Wipro (0.48 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 923 gainers against 217 losers.
(All figures except for Sensex and Nifty are provisional)
Market analysts say looking at today's gains, it appears the pull-back move may last in the near term.
Following are five reasons why today's rally could be sustainable, at least in the near term:
Dovish stance of the US Fed: The US Federal Reserve officials today stressed that the interest rates hike will take some time. According to analysts, the US Federal Reserv''s comments appear to be dovish.
According to reports, officials at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting were wary of strengthening dollar amid weak eurozone, slowdown in China and Japan and elevated geopolitical risks.
'Easy money' has been entering the Indian markets due to low interest rates in the US. This trend saw a reversal following the indication of a rate hike.
It appears that as long as low interest rates continue, inflows will continue in the India. "It certainly helps the sentiment of the markets. The Fed has used every opportunity to change the rules and they would like to keep the rates low for as long as possible. But they also have to remember that the composition of the FOMC in 2015 will be a lot more dovish than it was this year. There will be a few changes there. So the first interest rate hike will come later rather than sooner," said Hans Goetti, Head of Investment-Asia, Banque Internationale a Luxembourg (BIL) to ET Now.
Sharp decline in crude oil prices: A sharp spike in the US dollar index has led to a sharp correction in the global commodity prices. Crude oil is in a bear market and fell to a 27-month low due to a strong dollar. This is a positive for the Indian economy. India's major import is crude oil prices.
Lower crude oil prices not only help in improving India's current account deficit, but at the same time take care of subsidy burden on oil marketing and fertilizers companies. It also helps in taming inflation and bringing in RBI's target range.
"The recent fall in global commodity prices provides an opportunity to contain inflationary expectations. The fall in the crude prices is a silver lining for the Indian markets in terms of reducing oil subsidies and import bill," said Dipen Shah Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Other metal commodities have also declined recently on concerns of a slowdown in China. This is likely to help Indian manufacturing companies as it will lower their raw material costs.
Stable Indian rupee: The US dollar has appreciated by almost 10 per cent against the Euro, 7.5 per cent against the Japanese Yen and 5 per cent + against Pound in the last five months.
Yet, the Indian rupee has shown quite a bit of resilience and has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent in the same period.
"Oil prices have dropped by nearly 15 per cent whereas the rupee has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent, giving a huge cost saving of nearly 12.5 per cent on the largest import bill for the country," said Sachin Shah- Fund Manager, Emkay Investment Managers.
Pre-emptive steps by the central bank have helped the Indian currency from a steep fall. There have been reports of RBI's intervention to prevent the rupee from slipping below 62 per dollar. According to analysts, it looks unlikely that the rupee will fall below 63 per dollar till next financial year.
IMF forecasts higher GDP growth for India: The International Monetary Fund has cut global growth forecast and that for emerging market economies as a whole. The IMF expects global economy to grow by 3.8 per cent next year, lower than its July forecast of 4 per cent. However, IMF has raised India's growth forecast to 5.6 per cent for 2014 from 5.4 per cent earlier.

Top 5 reasons why Sensex surged over 400 points | 20 trading ideasYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends 390 points up; top 5 reasons why today's rally is sustainable
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 03.50PM IST
(All the sectoral indices…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty bounced back after three days of decline and closed above 7,950 as sentiment turned bullish in global markets as the US Federal Reserve's indicated interest rates will not be hiked earlier than expected.
The Sensex ended the day at 26,637.28; up 390.49 points.
The Nifty shut shop at 7,960.55; up 117.85 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index rallied 1.82 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index surged 1.54 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 3.01 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex was 2.41 per cent higher, the S&P BSE Power Index advanced 2.25 per cent and the S&P BSE Metal Index advanced 1.76 per cent.
BHEL (up 8.16 per cent), Hindalco (up 5.51 per cent), Zee Entertainment (up 5.10 per cent), Ambuja Cements (up 3.89 per cent) and Punjab National Bank (up 3.33 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Tech Mahindra (2.55 per cent), Jindal Steel (0.60 per cent), NMDC (0.56 per cent), NTPC (0.49 per cent) and Wipro (0.48 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 923 gainers against 217 losers.
(All figures except for Sensex and Nifty are provisional)
Market analysts say looking at today's gains, it appears the pull-back move may last in the near term.
Following are five reasons why today's rally could be sustainable, at least in the near term:
Dovish stance of the US Fed: The US Federal Reserve officials today stressed that the interest rates hike will take some time. According to analysts, the US Federal Reserv''s comments appear to be dovish.
According to reports, officials at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting were wary of strengthening dollar amid weak eurozone, slowdown in China and Japan and elevated geopolitical risks.
'Easy money' has been entering the Indian markets due to low interest rates in the US. This trend saw a reversal following the indication of a rate hike.
It appears that as long as low interest rates continue, inflows will continue in the India. "It certainly helps the sentiment of the markets. The Fed has used every opportunity to change the rules and they would like to keep the rates low for as long as possible. But they also have to remember that the composition of the FOMC in 2015 will be a lot more dovish than it was this year. There will be a few changes there. So the first interest rate hike will come later rather than sooner," said Hans Goetti, Head of Investment-Asia, Banque Internationale a Luxembourg (BIL) to ET Now.
Sharp decline in crude oil prices: A sharp spike in the US dollar index has led to a sharp correction in the global commodity prices. Crude oil is in a bear market and fell to a 27-month low due to a strong dollar. This is a positive for the Indian economy. India's major import is crude oil prices.
Lower crude oil prices not only help in improving India's current account deficit, but at the same time take care of subsidy burden on oil marketing and fertilizers companies. It also helps in taming inflation and bringing in RBI's target range.
"The recent fall in global commodity prices provides an opportunity to contain inflationary expectations. The fall in the crude prices is a silver lining for the Indian markets in terms of reducing oil subsidies and import bill," said Dipen Shah Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Other metal commodities have also declined recently on concerns of a slowdown in China. This is likely to help Indian manufacturing companies as it will lower their raw material costs.
Stable Indian rupee: The US dollar has appreciated by almost 10 per cent against the Euro, 7.5 per cent against the Japanese Yen and 5 per cent + against Pound in the last five months.
Yet, the Indian rupee has shown quite a bit of resilience and has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent in the same period.
"Oil prices have dropped by nearly 15 per cent whereas the rupee has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent, giving a huge cost saving of nearly 12.5 per cent on the largest import bill for the country," said Sachin Shah- Fund Manager, Emkay Investment Managers.
Pre-emptive steps by the central bank have helped the Indian currency from a steep fall. There have been reports of RBI's intervention to prevent the rupee from slipping below 62 per dollar. According to analysts, it looks unlikely that the rupee will fall below 63 per dollar till next financial year.
IMF forecasts higher GDP growth for India: The International Monetary Fund has cut global growth forecast and that for emerging market economies as a whole. The IMF expects global economy to grow by 3.8 per cent next year, lower than its July forecast of 4 per cent. However, IMF has raised India's growth forecast to 5.6 per cent for 2014 from 5.4 per cent earlier.

Rupee Touches High of 60.91 Per DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Touches High of 60.91 Per Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 14:05 (IST)
The rupee is trading below the psychological 61 mark at 60.95 versus Wednesday's close of 61.3950/4050 following dovish Fed comments. Rupee touched a high of 60.91 per dollar during the session.
Fed's September meeting minutes released late on Wednesday suggest it is in no hurry to raise rates.
Almost all Asian currencies trading stronger versus the dollar.
Shares to be monitored for clues on foreign fund flows.
Nifty is trading over 1 per cent higher.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

2002 hit and run case: Witness identifies Salman Khan  says he took the driver s seat36
0
Mumbai: In a set back to actor Salman in the 2002 hit and run case, a key witness has told a Mumbai Court that the actor was driving the car which mowed down several people in 2002.
The witness, a JW Mariott parking assistant said that Salman got behind the wheel of the landcruiser at the hotel. He also said that Salman also tipped him Rs 500 adding that he was accompanied by 3 friends.
The hit and run incident dates back to 2002 in which one person had died while four others had been injured. Salman was charged with an additional charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder that is liable for a 10-year sentence.
#2002 hit and run case #hit and run #salman khan #jw mariott
There have been several twists and turns in the 12-year hit and run case in the past too. In August, 2014, the Mumbai Police had told the court that the case diary has gone missing in addition to 55 of the 63 case related documents which were already missing.
The court has asked the prosecution to file a report on the next plan of action.
The court has also directed the former investigating officer, Kisan Shengal, to be present at the next hearing scheduled on September 12.
27

HTC RE is not a GoPro killer  it is a whole new camera categoryHTC RE is not a GoPro killer, it is a whole new camera category
Nandagopal Rajan | New York | Published:  Oct 09 2014, 14:09  IST
Oct 09 2014, 14:09  IST
 

ArcelorMittal  Gerdau sell US steel mill for $770 millionArcelorMittal, Gerdau sell US steel mill for $770 million
Press Trust of India | New Delhi/Luxembourg Oct 09, 2014 11:41 PM IST
World’s biggest steel producer ArcelorMittal along with Brazil’s Gerdau has completed sale of their 50 per cent stakes in US-based Gallatin to Nucor Corp for $770 million as part of its strategy to divest non-core assets. “ArcelorMittal and Gerdau have completed the sale of their respective 50 per cent interests in Gallatin Steel Company (Gallatin) to Nucor Corporation. The sale was completed for a total cash consideration of $770 million," the steel giant said in a statement. Gallatin Steel is a joint venture between ArcelorMittal and Gerdau. Gallatin is a flat rolled mini-mill located in Gallatin County, Kentucky, USA that melts scrap, pig iron and hot briquetted iron from various sources and processes the material to produce flat rolled steel.
It produces a wide range of steels from low to high carbon grades with an annual capacity of around 1.8 million tonnes.
"The sale of Gallatin unlocks substantial value for ArcelorMittal's shareholders and is consistent with ArcelorMittal's stated strategy of selective divestment of non-core assets," Aditya Mittal, CFO of ArcelorMittal had said earlier.
The decision to sell Gallatin was made in order for Gerdau to focus on its core assets in North America, Gerdau's Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Andre B Gerdau Johannpeter said.
Gerdau is a leading manufacturer of long steel in the Americas and a major global supplier of special long steels.
The company recently began operations in two new Brazilian markets, with the production of flat steel and the expansion of its iron mining activities.
Gerdau has industrial operations in 14 countries across the Americas, Europe and Asia with a combined installed capacity of more than 25 million tonnes of steel per year.
It is also Latin America's biggest recycler and, worldwide, transforms millions of tonnes of scrap metal into steel every year.
ArcelorMittal is the world's leading steel and mining company, with a presence in more than 60 countries and an industrial footprint in over 20 countries.

Tours firm Cox & Kings to raise Rs 1 200 croreCox & Kings to raise Rs 1,200 crore
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 02.59PM IST
(Tours and travel firm Cox…)
NEW DELHI: Tours and travel firm Cox & Kings today said it would raise Rs 1,200 crore from the market by issuing securities.
"The board of directors of the company at its meeting held on October 09, 2014 has approved raising of funds for an amount not exceeding Rs 1,200 crore through issuance of securities, including equity shares or equity-linked securities, including through a qualified institutions placement...," the company said in a BSE filing.
Shares of Cox & Kings were trading 2.08 per cent up at Rs 326.40 during afternoon session on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jaitley warns Pak against  adventurism   border fire continuesAs firing from across the border declined following strong retaliatory response by India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Friday said Pakistan has been taught a "befitting lesson" with the Army "shutting their mouth".
         
"Pakistan has got a befitting lesson. They will not dare to repeat it again. Our jawans have shut their mouth," he said addressing an election rally at Dhamangaon in Maharashtra.
         
The Prime Minister said those living close to the border with Pakistan who had to leave their homes following nine days of heavy mortar shelling and firing will be adequately compensated by the Centre.
         
"I assure you, the government of India will act promptly to provide adequate compensation to those who had to leave their homes due to shelling and migrate elsewhere," he said.
         
Modi also slammed Congress for targeting him over his government's response to Pakistan's aggression.
         
"Congress is busy issuing statements over what is happening on the Pakistan border. This not the time for empty 'boli' (talk) by them, but for 'goli' (bullet) by our jawans," he said.
A lady clears her damaged house after heavy firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Kanachak village in Jammu. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
 Meanwhile Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif Friday called for honouring the sanctity of the border with India. 
Sharif, who chaired a National Security Committee (NSC) meeting, said that Pakistan's desire for peace should not be misunderstood, Dawn  Online reported.
The meeting was attended by Pakistan's interior minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan, defence minister Khawaja Asif, the advisor to prime minister on national security and foreign affairs Sartaj Aziz and senior military officers.
The top military leadership briefed the meeting about the latest situation along the Line of Control and the International Boundary and said that Pakistani forces were only firing in self-defence and not targeting civilian areas.
 Sharif also deplored the loss of lives in the Pakistani side as a result of the firing.
Except for  firing by Pakistan in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district for about 20 minutes at four  BSF outposts, there for was no firing along the IB on Thursday night. 
Read: Pak’s logic for targeting border stumps Army, BSF
"There was no cross-border firing during the intervening night of October 9 and 10 along the International Border in Jammu and Samba districts", a BSF spokesperson said.
 The IB has witnessed heavy firing for nine days that has left eight persons dead and injured nearly 90 people, including 13 security personnel.
 
Besides over 32,000 people have fled from their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.
 
India and Pakistan troops traded heavy fire along the IB on the intervening night of October 7 and 8 after Pakistan Rangers shelled almost the entire IB by targeting 60 outposts and over 130 border hamlets in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts of Jammu and Kashmir, in which 15 people including 3 BSF jawans were injured.
Earlier on Thursday defence minister Arun Jaitley warned Pakistan that it would have to pay an “unaffordable” price if it persisted with unprovoked firing along the border, upping the ante amid the most intense fighting between the South Asian rivals in over a decade.
“If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable for it,” Jaitley told a press conference. “India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor but at the same time it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory.”
Watch: Pakistan to pay ‘unaffordable’ price for their ‘adventurism’: Arun Jaitley
Jaitley said Indian forces were doing a commendable job in the face of acts of aggression by Pakistan and ruled out talks until the firing continued.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said India responded to the aggression from across the border with courage.
“The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated,” Modi told an election rally in Maharashtra's Baramati on Thursday .
“Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage.”
Read: To minimise casualties, BSF asks locals to restrict movement
This is the first major fighting with Pakistan that the Prime Minister has dealt with since winning the election in May. It comes after weeks of destabilising anti-government protests in Pakistan and just a few days ahead of state assembly elections, for which Modi has been campaigning.
While exchanges of sporadic fire are common along the border, the extent and intensity of the exchanges and the number of civilian deaths is unusual
Analysts say the violence comes at a time when Pakistan's army is taking a more assertive role in the country’s politics while India has toughened its stance ahead of assembly elections this month.

Cox Kings to raise Rs 1 200 croreOct 09, 2014, 03.02 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Cox & Kings to raise Rs 1,200 crore
"The board of directors of the company at its meeting held on October 09, 2014 has approved raising of funds for an amount not exceeding Rs 1,200 crore through issuance of securities, including equity shares or equity-linked securities, including through a qualified institutions placement...," the company said in a BSE filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cox & Kings to raise Rs 1,200 crore
"The board of directors of the company at its meeting held on October 09, 2014 has approved raising of funds for an amount not exceeding Rs 1,200 crore through issuance of securities, including equity shares or equity-linked securities, including through a qualified institutions placement...," the company said in a BSE filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Tours and travel firm Cox & Kings  today said it would raise Rs 1,200 crore from the market by issuing securities.
"The board of directors of the company at its meeting held on October 09, 2014 has approved raising of funds for an amount not exceeding Rs 1,200 crore through issuance of securities, including equity shares or equity-linked securities, including through a qualified institutions placement...," the company said in a BSE filing.
Shares of Cox & Kings were trading 2.08 percent up at Rs 326.40 during afternoon session on the BSE.
Also read:  MakeMyTrip sets up $15mn fund to support early stage cos
Cox & Kings stock price
On November 24, 2014, Cox & Kings closed at Rs 307.60, down Rs 0.45, or 0.15 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 366.30 and the 52-week low was Rs 94.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 9.06 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 33.95. The latest book value of the company is Rs 90.08 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.41.
RELATED NEWS

Excited to help India in digitisation scheme: ZuckerbergOct 09, 2014, 02.58 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Excited to help India in digitisation scheme: Zuckerberg
Zuckerberg, who believes that connectivity is a human right, said that still two-third of the world’s population does not have access to the internet.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Excited to help India in digitisation scheme: Zuckerberg
Zuckerberg, who believes that connectivity is a human right, said that still two-third of the world’s population does not have access to the internet.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
On a mission to make the world open and connected, by making internet accessible to everyone, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, said the cost of accessing the internet needs to come down.
Zuckerberg, who is in India, was speaking at Internet.org Summit in New Delhi. He will be meeting Prime Minister Narendra Modi tomorrow.
Excited to help the Indian government in its digitisation scheme, the Facebook founder said he will discuss with the PM on how the social networking site can help connect villages.
Zuckerberg, who believes that connectivity is a human right, said that still two-third of the world’s population does not have access to the internet. Even in India, which has embraced science and technology, and has shown its technical skill through Mangalyaan, over 1 billion people do not have access to the Net, he said.
According to Zuckerberg, the biggest barrier to internet use is social issue like language. “Around 80 percent of the content on internet is only in 10 languages,” he said, adding that for 10-15 percent of the population, lack of infrastructure could pose a problem.
Moreover, statistically, around 25 percent fewer women are connected compared to men.
He feels there is need to build services that reflect languages people speak. Facebook has been working on developing new technology to reduce costs, he said.
The social networking site has been working with Ericsson to build Internet.org lab, which has helped around 3 million people access internet.
RELATED NEWS

Expect export biz to report 40% growth for FY15: TD PowerIn an interview to CNBC-TV18, Nikhil Kumar, managing director,  TD Power Systems says domestic market is enroute to recovery. Furthermore he expects the company’s exports to grow 40 percent this fiscal year.
Below is the edited transcript of the interview to CNBC-TV18.
Nigel: Off late we have seen a lot of fund buying interest in your company. Could you tell us how are things shaping up domestically, because that is where 80 percent of your order book has come in? Also tell us have you seen any kind of pick up with regard to core sectors like cement, metals, hydro, sugar?
A: In our main business which is generator manufacturing business where we manufacture large generators for power plants, about 65 percent of our business is now coming through export and they are really showing all the growth in our business because of our export story. For the moment we are not that bullish on the domestic infrastructure sector as yet.
There has been some movement off late, we are seeing some orders which were partially on hold, we are seeing more enquiries in the domestic market compared to what it was six months ago. But in terms of actual ordering and actual projects taking off at a domestic level, that is still not happening but all the indications are that the market is definitely on the way to recovery domestically. But for the moment, our company performance is definitely more or less centred around our exports story.
Nigel: Could you tell us in fact how much traditionally exports used to contribute to your revenue and what is the target exports that we can see, maybe in the next one-two years approximately to your total revenue?
A: Three years ago FY2012 our exports for manufacturing business was about 12-15 percent of our total sales. This year it is going to be 62 percent of total sales. So, we had to compensate for the drop in the domestic market. Of course the past three years have been really bad for capital goods industries especially our industry, the power sector.
So, we had to make up for lost domestic sales with exports. So we put lot of emphasis on export and we are seeing the results of it right now. Going forward we do not want to lose this export advantage that we have and we are finding that we can benefit export markets far more deeply than we have so far. So this export push will continue and when the domestic market recovers it is going to be really good for our company because we will have both the engines firing then and I am kind of waiting for that to happen.
TD Power System stock price
On November 24, 2014, TD Power Systems closed at Rs 418.10, down Rs 3.25, or 0.77 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 463.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 185.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 6.59 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 63.44. The latest book value of the company is Rs 146.35 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.86.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex up over 350 points  Nifty hits 7950; ICICI  HDFC leadOct 09, 2014 at  05:01pm IST
Fed minutes lift Sensex 390 points; BHEL up 8 pc, Infosys Q2 eyed
1
0
Mumbai: Bulls finally found their feet on Dalal Street on Thursday. Equity benchmarks snapped three-day losing streak due to broadbased rally triggered by Fed chair Janet Yellen and the US Federal Reserve.
Benchmarks recouped all its losses seen in previous three sessions. The 30-share BSE Sensex surged 390.49 points or 1.49 percent to close at 26637.28 and the 50-share Nifty climbed 117.85 points or 1.50 percent to 7960.55.
The broader markets too participated in the rally with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rising 1.8 percent and 1.6 percent, respectively. Dovish statements from the US Federal Reserve (on Wednesday) triggered a relief rally not only in India but also across the globe.
The 30-share BSE Sensex surged 390.49 points or 1.49 percent to close at 26637.28 and the 50-share Nifty climbed 117.85 points or 1.50 percent to 7960.55.
#stocks #sensex #nifty #hindalco
The latest minutes of a meeting (held on September 16-17) of the central bank hinted that rate hikes in the US will take some time. Asian markets (barring Nikkei) gained 0.3-1.2 percent following rally in US markets while European markets were marginally in green after strong opening.
Back home, Madhya Pradesh on Thursday kicked off its fourth edition of the global investors' summit, to attract billions of dollars in big-ticket projects from global investors and industry heavyweights. The three-day long event was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who appealed to foreign investors to invest in Madhya Pradesh through the 'Make in India' campaign. He added that foreign investments worth USD 100 billion are knocking India's doors and it is up to the states to lap up as much as they can.
Meanwhile, Facebook's co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg came to India to meet the Prime Minister. He said Facebook is ready to help the government connect nearly 600 villages in India which do not have internet access. Stock in action It was a broadbased rally as all sectoral indices closed in green.
BSE Capital Goods, Realty, Bank, Power, Metal, Oil & Gas, Healthcare and Auto indices surged 1-3 percent. State-run power equipment maker BHEL was the top gainer throughout the session, up 8.4 percent on bagging EPC order worth Rs 7,800 crore for 2x660 MW rating supercritical power project from Tamil Nadu Generation & Distribution Corporation.
Its rival engineering and construction major Larsen and Toubro was up 2.6 percent. Aluminium major Hindalco Industries rallied 6 percent after strong earnings reported by Alcoa in September quarter. ICICI Bank, HDFC, HDFC Bank, State Bank of India, Reliance Industries, Tata Motors, Axis Bank and Tata Steel were other prominent gainers, up 2-3 percent. Drug maker Cipla was up 1 percent on collaboration with Teva Pharma for South African market.
It was a volatile session for Infosys ahead of its second quarter (July-September) earnings that will be announced on Friday morning. Analysts expect 3 percent growth in dollar revenues and do not expect any change in FY15 dollar revenue guidance. CEO Vishal Sikka's strategy will be closely watched. Anything above 3.5 percent growth in dollar revenue in Q2 may spark rally in stock. The scrip closed marginally lower on Thursday.
0

These elevated bikeways are trendy solutions to fighting trafficYou won't have to deal with this anymore.(Reuters/Sergio Moraes)
SHARE
Jeanne Kim @jeannesjkim
October 9, 2014
London, one of Europe’s  most congested cities , is the latest urban jungle to propose an elevated bikeway to solve its road problems. Elevated bikeways have become a hot item for urban planners , mainly because they take up less space than bike lanes on roads. They also cause less  confusion and fewer cyclist deaths.
Tap image to zoom
The proposed Deckway(Courtesy of River Cycleway Consortium)
The proposal for the Thames Deckway, out this week, would build an 8-km (nearly 5-mile) bikeway over the Thames River and cost £600 million ($972 million) to erect. (It’s one of many bikeways to have been proposed in the city, though few have been completed.) With four lanes, the Deckway would only allow commuter cyclists during morning and evening peak hours, Karen Lim, a spokesperson from the River Cycleway Consortium, told Quartz in an email. During the day, two lanes would be converted to pedestrian lanes while the other two would be kept for cyclists.
There is skepticism  about the Deckway’s ability to decrease traffic; but some think using the Deckway could decrease travel time for cyclists by 30 minutes compared to using public roads.
Similar attempts at urban traffic-taming include the SkyCycle, a 220-km cycle deck with more than 200 entrance points. It’s being planned by London architecture firms Exterior Architecture and Foster + Partners, along with urban planning firm Space Syntax.

8K Miles Software touches the roof on reporting stellar Q2 numbers8K Miles Software touches the roof on reporting stellar Q2 numbers
TMB launches savings scheme for minorsTMB launches savings scheme for minors
Our Bureau
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank has launched a savings scheme for minors — TMB Little Super Star.
This savings scheme is targeted at children between 10 and 18 years of age.
The Chief Educational Officer, Coimbatore, A Gnana Gowri, launched the product in the city.
“The product is being offered with several attractive features,” TMB's Regional Manager at Coimbatore G Martin Chezhian said.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Vodafone wants spectrum allotment done immediatelyVodafone wants spectrum allotment done immediately
PTI
Says 'delay bound to impact services'
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
Vodafone India has asked the Government for immediate allocation of spectrum that it won in the February auction.
The company has also sought extension of the spectrum’s validity by six months from the date of allocation.
“Vodafone India has formally requested the DoT and regulator TRAI for immediate allotment of the 1800MHz spectrum, which it had won in auctions. Only seven weeks are left, when as per DoT, the currently deployed spectrum in 900 MHz is to be replaced by 900MHz won in auctions,” Vodafone said in an media advisory note.
Telecom companies, which won spectrum in the auction and paid for it in the first week of March, are yet to be assigned radiowave frequencies that are used for transmitting mobile signals.
Vodafone’s licences for telecom services in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata are due to expire in November for which it had to buy spectrum afresh to continue operations. Similarly, Airtel’s permit in Delhi and Kolkata are expiring same month.
“Despite several reminders, the spectrum has not been earmarked till now,” Vodafone said.
Vodafone Group Chief Vittorio Colao and its India unit Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Marten Pieters had met Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad to discuss the spectrum issue.
The company said spectrum allocation matter is in a critical situation and may have “repercussions bigger than any other quality of service issue seen in the history of mobile telecom in India”.
Vodafone had over 91 lakh mobile subscribers in Delhi, 77 lakh in Mumbai and 47 lakh in Kolkata in July.
Both the companies are required to use new set of frequencies in place of their existing spectrum.
Vodafone had won spectrum in 1800 Mhz band, widely known as 2G spectrum, and 900 Mhz, in which mobile signals cover about 2 times more area compared to 1800 Mhz band.
“This changeover under normal circumstances could take at least six months after the earmarking of frequencies. DoT is also on record saying that looking at the technical and implementation issues, it is observed that 6 months period may not be sufficient to migrate the network from 900 MHz to 1800 MHz band on extension of licences,” Vodafone said.
The company said that under the current situation, with very little time left and spectrum frequencies not assigned on the prescribed date is bound to considerably impact services despite best efforts by the company round the clock.
“The public cannot afford any loss of service because of these changeovers not getting completed due to non—earmarking of spectrum in 1800 MHz band by DoT,” Vodafone said.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Rahul Gandhi accuses Narendra Modi of currying favour with big industrialistsModi govt is for big businesses: Rahul
Written by Manoj C G | Rewari |       October 10, 2014 1:16 pm
Comments
"He is working for big industrialists and very soon the country will be run only for them," alleged Rahul Gandhi.
Rahul Gandhi on Thursday launched a fresh attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying his government is of and for “big business people”, reviving his Lok Sabha election campaign pitch that the BJP favours the interests of industrialists over common man. He also questioned Modi’s “silence” over Pakistan’s ceasefire violations, asking what happened to his vow to “teach China and Pakistan a lesson” if voted to power.
Addressing campaign rallies in Haryana for the first time since the Lok Sabha election rout, the Congress vice-president did not show any signs of recasting his style, approach or content. He spoke about how he took up the cause of farmers and tribals in Bhatta Parsaul and Niyamgiri and accused the NDA government of undoing the welfare policies of UPA government.
Like in Maharasthra, he used the border standoff to attack Modi — more relevant here since Rewari has a sizeable ex-servicemen population. It was here that Modi addressed his first rally as the BJP’s PM candidate in September last year. Addressing the thin gathering, Rahul recalled that during the Lok Sabha campaign, “Modi used to say that he would teach China and Pakistan a lesson if he is voted to power.”
“But what is happening… There is firing at the borders. Our people are being killed. But in the last six days he has not even uttered a word. And after six days, he is saying that everything will be fine soon. But what about those who have been killed, injured…? It is easier to say and difficult to do,” he said. He also referred to Modi’s promises to bring down prices and bring back black money in 100 days and asked whether these promises have been fulfilled.
His main thrust was, however, on the rich versus poor formulation. He alleged that the BJP government is weakening the Land Acquisition Act and diluting the MNREGA. “There is no place for the poor and the farmers in their scheme of things. They want India to progress but only for the big industrialists and the rich. We don’t want such an India,” he said. “Bade bade business walon ki sarkar hai (the government is of the big business people),” he added.
He also accused Modi of acceding to big American industrialists ahead of his US visit and lifting the “minimum pricing” of drugs.

Vadra land deal: Congress seeks apology from PM ModiComments
PM Modi had asked EC to take a serious note of Hooda government clearing the land deal between Vadra and DLF.
Congress on Thursday stepped up attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi demanding an ‘apology’ from him as Election Commission ruled out violation of model code of conduct by the Haryana Government in clearing the land deal involving Robert Vadra.
Party spokesperson Anand Sharma alleged that Modi was ‘embarrassing’ the position of the Prime Minister by repeatedly making ‘false allegations’ and he should stop doing it.
Modi had called for Election Commission’s nod for a probe after The Indian Express had reported on Monday that the Haryana government had cleared the deal involving Vadra.
ALSO READ: Let EC probe nod to Robert Vadra deal, says Narendra Modi
“BJP has egg on its face after the EC’s order. Narendra Modi, being the Prime Minister of the country, gave a very irresponsible statement and made allegations against Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda. Will the Prime Minister now seek apology from the Chief Minister and people of Haryana for making wrong statements,” Sharma told reporters here.
Maintaining that it ‘belittles’ the high post if somebody in the seat of Prime Minister keeps making false allegations, the Congress spokesperson said, “Modi should apologise to Haryana Chief Minister.”
Alleging that Modi continues with his ‘shoot and scoot policy’ as he was doing as an Opposition leader, Sharma said, “it does not behove a Prime Minister to be caught repeatedly making false statements…It is a matter of concern if the Prime Minister of India has this mentality”.
ALSO READ:  Ahead of polls, Robert Vadra-DLF land deal gets ok
Election Commission on Wednesday night ruled that there appears to be no violation of the model code of conduct by Haryana government in clearing the land deal between Sonia Gandhi’s son-in law Robert Vadra and real estate major DLF.
Haryana government’s validation of the mutation of the land sold by a company owned by Vadra to DLF had sparked a row in the run up to the state Assembly poll.

$100 bn foreign investments knocking at Indias doors: PM Narendra ModiPrime Minister Narendra Modi speaks during an election rally in Mahendragarh. PTI
Indore | Posted: October 9, 2014 3:05 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said USD 100 billion worth of foreign investments is knocking at the doors of India and it is up to the states to lap up as much as they can.
Describing his ‘Make In India’ initiative a “win-win” proposition, Modi said the foreign investors should not treat India merely as a market, but should focus on turning it to a manufacturing hub with a view to increase the purchasing power of Indians.
“USD 100 billion investments from Japan, China and America have applied for visa. Now it is turn of the states to capitalise on the opportunity. The roads are wide open. The states which are ready can walk away with major share,” he said while inaugurating the Global Investors’ Summit here.
The meeting is being attended by industry bigwigs including RIL chief Mukesh Ambani, ADAG’s Anil Ambani, Adani Group head Gautam Adani and Tata Group chief Cyrus Mistry.
In the last couple of months, the Prime Minister has visited Japan and the US and launched the Make in India campaign to lure foreign investments into manufacturing sector.
“When we talk about Make in India, then we want to create confidence in the world that there is a huge investment possibility in India. Please do not consider India only as a market…. dump goods, sell them and make profits.
“I tell the World, do not confine yourself to this. If India does not prosper, then its purchasing power will not increase. If India’s purchasing power do not increase, then the dream to see India as a market will remain a distant dream,” Modi said.
The focus of the government, he said, is to generate employment by encouraging agriculture, manufacturing and services sector.
The Prime Minister said states should rise above narrow political considerations on development agenda and Centre will extend all possible assistance to them.
Emphasising on the concept of Team India, which includes Prime Minister and state Chief Ministers, Modi said the country cannot prosper unless states are empowered.
“Centre and states are not rivals or enemies… Centre will stand shoulder to shoulder with all states, irrespective of political affiliation, to facilitate economic growth,” he said.
Modi said value addition in agriculture and focus on infrastructure will help the farmers immensely and asked the industrialists to add value to agro products. Madhya Pradesh accounts for 40 per cent of the organic farm produce in the country.
“In manufacturing sector, we should give impetus to products which can be exported,” he said, adding the country needs to prepare a global talent pool to take advantage of the experience and expertise of the NRIs.
The initiative to create the global talent pool, a data of Indian origin persons living abroad, should be maintained, he said.
Praising Madhya Pradesh for taking advantage of the Central government schemes, he said it was the first state to initiate projects continued…

Tatra truck case: Court to consider CBIs closure report on Oct 13Print
Ravinder Kumar Rishi, unnamed officials of Ministry of Defence and others were facing CBI probe for alleged irregularities. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 3:04 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 3:13 pm
A special court on Thursday sought some clarifications from CBI on its closure report filed in the case related to alleged irregularities in the supply of all-terrain Tatra vehicles to the Army.
Special CBI Judge Madhu Jain fixed October 13 for consideration of the closure report as the agency’s investigating officer is yet to file the documents related to the case before the court.
The court said it needed “some clarifications” but did not elaborate.
CBI had earlier sought time to file documents relating to the case in which it had lodged an FIR on March 30, 2012 against Ravinder Kumar Rishi, promoter of Tatra Sipox UK Limited, and others, including unnamed officials of the Ministry of Defence (MoD) and Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML), a defence PSU.
In its 30-page closure report, the agency has claimed that allegations levelled against the accused in its FIR could not be substantiated during the subsequent investigation.
Rishi, a British national, unnamed officials of Ministry of Defence and others were facing CBI probe for alleged irregularities in supply of Tatra vehicles to BEML by Tatra-Sipox UK Ltd.
CBI had earlier alleged that Tatra vehicles were procured from Tatra-Sipox UK Ltd despite the fact that a licence agreement regarding this was with M/s Omnipol, a Czech firm.
It had claimed that vehicles worth Rs 5,000 crore (approx) were supplied to the Army causing undue benefit to Tatra-Sipox UK Ltd and corresponding loss to Defence Ministry.
CBI had registered the case for alleged irregularities in assigning supply from Czechoslovakia-based Tatra, with which
an agreement was signed in 1986, to Tatra-Sipox UK Ltd in 1997 showing it as original equipment manufacturer and fully-owned subsidiary of Czech firm, which was allegedly against rules.
However, in its closure report, CBI has said that its probe does not point to the guilt of any accused in the case.
On the alleged issue of wrongful loss caused to BEML and corresponding gain to Tatra-Sipox UK Ltd, CBI in its closure
report said this could not be substantiated during its probe.
Rishi had been quizzed several times by CBI in connection with the case as he has a substantial stake in Tatra-Sipox UK
Ltd.
CBI has lodged the case naming Rishi and unnamed officials of Defence Ministry and BEML for alleged criminal conspiracy, cheating under the IPC and under the Prevention of Corruption Act.

Facebook has no near-term plan to monetise ...Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Facebook Inc, which closed its acquisition of mobile messaging service WhatsApp on Monday, has no near-term plan to make money from the service, Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said on Thursday.
Zuckerberg, who is visiting India to participate in an event to boost Internet usage, did not give details.
Facebook's final WhatsApp acquisition price tag has risen an additional $3 billion to roughly $22 billion because of the increased value of Facebook's stock in recent months.
WhatsApp works across different types of phones, across borders, and without advertising. The app only charges a 99 cent annual subscription fee, which is waived for the first year.

Nissan India appoints Arun Malhotra as it s ...Nissan India appoints Arun Malhotra as the new Managing Director
By ET Bureau | 9 Oct, 2014, 02.11PM IST
Nissan on Thursday appointed Arun Malhotra as the new Managing Director for Nissan Motor India Pvt. Ltd. Malhotra will report to Guillaume Sicard.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Nissan on Thursday appointed Arun Malhotra as the new Managing Director for Nissan Motor India Pvt. Ltd. Malhotra will report to Guillaume Sicard , President - Nissan India Operations. Prior to joining Nissan, Malhotra was the chief of International Sales and Marketing for the automotive and farm sector of Mahindra & Mahindra.
"Arun Malhotra has a consistent record of high performance and extensive experience in automotive sales, service, and marketing in India. I am happy to have a seasoned leader like him join us to accelerate Nissan's progress in a dynamic market like India," said Guillaume Sicard, President - Nissan India Operations.
In the new role, Malhotra will be responsible for developing business strategies to maximize Nissan's overall performance, managing product introduction and significantly increasing the presence and accessibility of the Nissan and Datsun brands through continuing network expansion.
With over 30 years of experience in the Automotive industry, Malhotra has worked in different functions of sales, service, network expansion & development, brand building and customer centric initiatives in organizations including Bajaj Auto, and Maruti Suzuki. He has worked across the length and breadth of India.
Malhotra holds a degree in Mechanical Engineering and an MBA degree from IIM Kolkata.

Govt notifies 25% min public holding norms for listed PSUsOct 09, 2014, 03.29 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt notifies 25% min public holding norms for listed PSUs
To comply with these norms, over 30 listed PSUs will need to raise their public shareholding to minimum 25 percent by August 21, 2017, as per a notification for amendment to the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt notifies 25% min public holding norms for listed PSUs
To comply with these norms, over 30 listed PSUs will need to raise their public shareholding to minimum 25 percent by August 21, 2017, as per a notification for amendment to the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules.
Post your opinion here
 
Paving way for sale of PSU shares worth an estimated Rs 60,000 crore over three years, the government has notified rules for minimum 25 percent public shareholding in listed state-owned firms.
To comply with these norms, over 30 listed PSUs will need to raise their public shareholding to minimum 25 percent by August 21, 2017, as per a notification for amendment to the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules. The move would help in promoting wider investor base in listed state-run companies and also provide a boost to the government's plan to raise funds from disinvestment programme.
Previously, the listed PSUs were required to have at least 10 percent public holding, whereas the minimum public holding in non-PSU listed companies is already 25 percent.  The non-PSUs were asked in June 2010 to attain minimum 25 percent public shareholding within three years.
Following the expiry of this deadline in June 2013, 105 listed companies were found to be non-compliant with these norms and necessary actions were initiated against them by regulator Sebi. "... every listed public sector company which has public shareholding below twenty five percent... shall increase its public shareholding to at least 25 percent, within a period of three years, in the manner, as may be specified, by the Securities and Exchange Board of India," the Finance Ministry has said in its new notification for PSUs.
The new notification would bring in uniformity among all listed entities, irrespective of their promoter being the government or private sector entities, when it comes to minimum threshold limit for non-promoter or public holding.
As per the current valuations, the dilution in promoter holding in over 30 listed PSUs would lead to the government garnering over Rs 60,000 crore through sale of shares. However, this figure might change as these share sales would take place over a long period of nearly three years.
The major PSUs where public shareholding is below 25 percent include Coal India , SAIL , MMTC , NHPC ,  NMDC and SJVN .
While private sector firms were given three years time in June 2010 to achieve minimum 25 percent public holding, the PSUs were also given three years in August that year to increase their public shareholding to at least 10 percent. The earlier proposal in June 2010 also required PSUs to attain minimum 25 percent public holding, but these norms were relaxed later at that time.
However, a fresh proposal was mooted earlier this year and subsequently Sebi's board approved in June a proposal to require PSUs to have minimum 25 percent public holding. In case of 105 companies that were found non-compliant to minimum public holding norms, Sebi last year issued directions, including freezing of voting rights and corporate benefits such as dividend , issuance of rights and bonus shares, among others, with respect to excess of proportionate promoter shareholding in respective companies.
RELATED NEWS

GCM Commodity s director Manish Baid resignsOct 09, 2014, 03.22 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GCM Commodity's director Manish Baid resigns
GCM Commodity & Derivatives Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Manish Baid, Director of the Company has resigned with effect from September 30, 2014 due to his personal commitments.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GCM Commodity's director Manish Baid resigns
GCM Commodity & Derivatives Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Manish Baid, Director of the Company has resigned with effect from September 30, 2014 due to his personal commitments.
Post your opinion here
 
GCM Commodity & Derivatives Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Manish Baid, Director of the Company has resigned with effect from September 30, 2014 due to his personal commitments.Source : BSE

Jet Airways  5 others unveiled as Etihad partnersJet Airways  5 others unveiled as Etihad partners
Rahul accuses Modi of working for a few industrialistsRahul accuses Modi of working for a few industrialists
Meeting point heres why Zuckerberg Modi need each otherMeeting point heres why Zuckerberg Modi need each other
GVK surges over 3% on $10-billion Australian dealGVK surges over 3% on $10-billion Australian deal
Indices strong; capital goods  realty rallyIndices strong; capital goods  realty rally
UN could be helpful participant to resolve border crisis:KaineUN could be helpful participant to resolve border crisis:Kaine
Geefcee Finance: Outcome of AGMOct 09, 2014, 03.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Geefcee Finance: Outcome of AGM
Geefcee Finance Ltd has informed BSE that the 24th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Geefcee Finance: Outcome of AGM
Geefcee Finance Ltd has informed BSE that the 24th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Geefcee Finance Ltd has informed BSE that the 24th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Global Offshore enters into MoA to acquire anchor handling tug cum supply vesselOct 09, 2014, 03.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Global Offshore enters into MoA to acquire anchor handling tug cum supply vessel
Global Offshore Services Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has entered into a Memorandum of Agreement for the acquisition of one Anchor Handling Tug cum Supply Vessel, which is scheduled for delivery in Q1 2015.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Global Offshore enters into MoA to acquire anchor handling tug cum supply vessel
Global Offshore Services Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has entered into a Memorandum of Agreement for the acquisition of one Anchor Handling Tug cum Supply Vessel, which is scheduled for delivery in Q1 2015.
Post your opinion here
 
Global Offshore Services Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has entered into a Memorandum of Agreement for the acquisition of one Anchor Handling Tug cum Supply Vessel, which is scheduled for delivery in Q1 2015.Source : BSE

Indias D&B Business Optimism Index rises over 2% for Q4 of 2014India’s D&B Business Optimism Index rises over 2% for Q4 of 2014
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
The underlying business sentiment continues to be resilient as India Inc’s optimism index for the fourth quarter of this year has registered an increase of 2 per cent over last year, says a Dun & Bradstreet report.
The Business Optimism Index (BOI), which measures the pulse of the business community, stood at 137.6 for Q4 of 2014, an increase of 2 per cent as compared to Q4 of 2013.
On a quarter-on-quarter basis however, it has witnessed a marginal decline, largely due to a steep fall in optimism with regard to selling prices.
“Price competition in the face of subdued demand is deterring firms from raising prices even as input costs remain high. That said, the buoyant sentiment regarding volume of sales and new orders augur well for future growth,” Dun & Bradstreet India President and Managing Director Kaushal Sampat said.
Based on the responses received, it was observed that four out of the six optimism indices namely – Volume of Sales, New Orders, Net Profits and Employee Levels have registered an increase as compared to Q4 of 2013.
“Going forward, improvement in business confidence is contingent on addressing structural issues in areas such as coal supplies and agriculture, simplification of business and taxation rules and resumption of various stalled projects,” he added.
For calculating the composite BOI, each of the six parameters – net sales, net profits, selling prices, new orders, inventories and employee levels – is assigned a weight.
The parameter weights are then applied to these ratios and the results aggregated to arrive at the Composite Business Optimism Index.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Area under coffee plantation to be increased in Vizag distArea under coffee plantation to be increased in Vizag dist
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Oct. 9:  
The Andhra Pradesh government is planning to increase the area under coffee plantation in the eastern ghats of Visakhapatnam district, by at least one lakh acres, as the Girijans in the scheduled area are deriving substantial benefit out of it, according to Panchayat Raj Minister Ch. Ayyanna Patrudu.
At a meet-the-press programme organised by the Vizag Journalists' Forum here on Thursday, the minister said Araku valley and Paderu in Visakhapatnam district were non-conventional coffee growing areas and the both the State Government and the Coffee Board were encouraging coffee plantation. "The Girijan farmers are gaining Rs 60,000 or so per acre and it has brought about a substantial change in their lives. Pepper is being grown as an inter crop. The Government is planning to enhance the acreage by one lakh," he said.
He said there were some irrgeularities reported in the past in the use of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme and the State Government had recovered Rs 80 crores or so. Steps were being taken to recover the rest. "We have effected certain changes in the use of funds under the rural employment job scheme with emphasis on asset creation. In villages, the funds under the scheme will be used for construction of buildings for panchayats and for internal roads,"he said.
State-level water grid
Ayyanna Patrudu said Andhra Pradesh was taking steps to create a state-level water grid, on the lines of Gujarat, with a 30-year timeframe in mind. "We have estimated that Rs 30,000-40,000 crores will be required for the scheme and 155 tmc ft. of water will be stored. A corporation is being created for the purpose," he said.
Swatch Bharat
He said it was estimated that 62 lakh houses in the State do not have toilets."We will try to provide toilets for the houses keeping in view the Swatch Bharat campaign launched by the Prime Minister in the next five years. A sum of Rs 15,000 will be granted to each household for the purpose. We will try to involve NGOs in implementing the scheme," he said.
NTR Sujala Sravanthi scheme
He also spoke about the NTR Sujala Sravanthi scheme introduced by the State Government to provide 20 litres of clean drinking water for Rs 2 in villages and expressed confidence that it would reduce water-borne diseases.
#sarma.rs@thehindu.co.in
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Asked CBI officers to review final reports in coal cases: SPP to courtAsked CBI officers to review final reports in coal cases: SPP to court
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
The Supreme Court-appointed special public prosecutor in Coalgate, today told a Delhi court that he has asked the CBI to review its revised report in the coal blocks allocation cases before it is placed before the Special CBI Judge on October 16.
The prosecutor’s submission came after Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar observed that there might be discrepancies in the CBI’s revised report which the agency is intending to file in the coal scam cases.
“I am asking them (CBI Investigating Officers) to review the fresh final reports. These are the old ones (reports) in which we are filing supplementary reports now,” Special Public Prosecutor (SPP) R S Cheema said.
During the hearing, the prosecutor also told the court that the agency would file on October 16 a detailed revised closure report before it in a coal blocks allocations scam case in which CBI had earlier concluded that no undue benefit was given to JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd by the Coal Ministry in allocation of coal block to it.
The court allowed the submissions of Cheema and fixed the case for October 16.
“SPP states that CBI will file a revised/ supplementary closure report which shall be detailed in all aspects. Put up for October 16,” the judge said.
The submissions came during the hearing on consideration of CBI’s closure report in which it had said nothing substantial has emerged to establish cheating and criminal conspiracy among officials of the Ministry of Coal and JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd’s directors, including Rajya Sabha MP Vijay Darda.
The agency had filed the closure report in the case in which it had earlier lodged an FIR against JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd, its directors Vijay Darda, his son Devendra Darda, his brother Rajendra Darda, Manoj Jayaswal, Anand Jayaswal and Abhishek Jayaswal and unknown persons under Sections 420 (cheating) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC.
The case was transferred to the special court, which is exclusively dealing with the cases of the coal scam.
The agency had earlier filed the closure report in the court of the chief metropolitan magistrate.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related
CBI registers fresh FIR against Jindal Steel
TOPICS

ISRO s PSLV-C26 to be launched on Oct 16ISRO's PSLV-C26 to be launched on Oct 16
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Oct 9:  
The launch of ISRO's Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle, PSLV-C26, is now scheduled for October 16 from Satish Dhawan Space Centre SHAR, Sriharikota.
The launch window of the mission opens at 01:32 hours Indian Standard Time (IST) and lasts till 01:47 hours IST. The lift-off is scheduled at the opening of the launch window at 01:32 hours IST.
PSLV-C26 will carry the 1,425 kg Indian Navigation Satellite IRNSS-1C.
IRNSS-1C, the third satellite of the Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System, has already been integrated with PSLV-C26 and the final phase of checks is progressing.
The Mission Readiness Review (MRR) Committee and the Launch Authorisation Board (LAB) met on October 7 to review the progress of prelaunch activities and cleared the launch for October 16.
The 67 hour count down for the mission will commence at 06:32 hours IST on October 13.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Marks & Spencer opens flagship store in HyderabadHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Marks & Spencer opens flagship store in Hyderabad
Our Bureau
To take number of stores to 80 in 2 years
Hyderabad, Oct 9:  
British retailer Marks & Spencer (M&S) intends to nearly double the number of retail stores in India from 42 to 80 within two years.
Opening its flagship store close to the IT hub of Hyderabad , Venu Nair, Managing Director of M&S Reliance India, said: “The company has had a fantastic journey in the last six years offering stylish clothing of exceptional quality.”
“This is the 10th store in South India. We are planning to add two more in Hyderabad within two months. They are expected to come up in GVK One and Prestige malls,” he added. The company opened its first store in India in 2001 and in April 2008, entered into a joint venture with Reliance Retail. Established in 1884, M&S currently has over 800 stores in the UK and over 460 international outlets across Europe and Asia.
“For M&S, the growth in India is successful across all categories. The sourcing of apparel is from over 50 countries worldwide. As a global retailer, we decide on sourcing from the most competitive places. The Indian sub-continent, too, is a base for sourcing apparel, but varies depending on the season and customer choice,” Nair explained.
“The market is expanding and our brand is well accepted for its stylish, exceptional quality and affordable price. There is a growing loyal customer base. All stores are developed on our own, there is no franchise model,” he said. Outside the store, there were well groomed vintage cars from Buick, Plymouth, Austin, etc, displaying some of the classic British cars.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Salarpuria Sattva launches two residential projects in BangaloreSalarpuria Sattva launches two residential projects in Bangalore
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Oct 9:  
The Salarpuria Sattva Group, a real estate developers based in South India, has launched two residential projects in Bangalore.
The residential projects - Laurel Heights is located on the Hessarghatta Main Road and the second project Cadenza is located on Hosur Main Road at Kudlu Junction.
Bijay Agarwal, Managing Director of the Salarpuria Sattva Group, said "Together the two projects provide for more than 1,000 units of premium homes."
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Govt to continue subsidy to naphtha-based fertiliser plantsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Govt may continue subsidy to naphtha-based fertiliser plants
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
The Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers has moved a cabinet note to continue subsidy for the three naphtha-based fertilizer plants till they are provided with piped gas connection.
The subsidy to these plants including Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers, Tuticorn-based Southern Petrochemical Industries Corporation (Spic) and the Chennai-based Madras Fertilizers was discontinued after they failed to meet the government deadline to upgrade their plants to gas-based.
Responding a query on the suspension of production at these plants, Ananth Kumar, Union Minister for Chemicals and Fertilizers said "I have moved a cabinet note to extend the subsidy to these plants till they are connected to a gas pipeline. The issue would be taken up in the next cabinet meeting," he said.
While Madras Fertilizers shut its urea production last Wednesday, Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers and Southern India Petrochemicals have already discontinued operations. All these units together have annual production of 15 lakh tonnes of urea.
FRESH INVESTMENT
The Government will invest about Rs 50,000 crore to revive four fertilizer plants and set up two new plants at Jabalpur in Madhya Pradesh and Karnataka.
The revival of two fertilizer plants at Talcher in Odisha and Ramagundam in Andhra Pradesh would be taken up on priority while the project to lay gas pipeline between Haldia in West Bengal and Jagdishpur in Uttar Pradesh will ensure revival of two plants at Barauni in Bihar and Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh. All these plants are owned by Fertilizer Corporation of India.
The Government also plans two more gas grids connecting Dabhol in Maharashtra with Bangalore and central region covering Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh with an investment of Rs 10,000 crore.
“The gas grid project has many challenges such as ensuring enough feedstock, tariff concession and infrastructure,” he said.
On slow progress in PCPIRs (petroleum, chemicals and petrochemicals investment regions), he said the Chief Ministers of Rajasthan, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh have already approached his Ministry for setting up the investment regions.
In fact, he added, the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh wants the investment region in his state to be announced in conjunction with the ongoing Global Investors' Summit.
INVESTMENT IN IRAN
The Government is in talks with the Iranian Government for setting up a joint venture fertilizer plant in Iran with an investment of Rs 10,000 crore. The plant in Iran will be in line with Oman India Fertilizer Company which is 50 per cent owned by Oman Oil Company, 25 per cent by Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative and the rest by Krishak Bharati Cooperative, he said.
Acknowledging the growing bonhomie between Iran and India, Kumar said the first India-owned special economic zone in foreign land would come up in Iran.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Exponential growth potential for Facebook in India: ZuckerbergFacebook's Zuckerberg arrives in India, to meet Modi on connecting villages
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 09, 2014 03:26 PM IST
Seeing exponential growth potential for Facebook in India, its co-founder Mark Zuckerberg today said he will discuss with Prime Minister Narendra Modi ways to connect villages with the digital world.
The CEO of the California-headquartered firm, who is on his first visit to India, said he is excited to help the government in its ambitious Digital India programme.
"India is an amazing country with unlimited potential. It is a place of big ambitions and Facebook is deeply committed to the country. We see lot of growth for us here. Tomorrow I'm meeting the Prime Minister. He is committed to connecting villages online and we are excited to see how Facebook can help," Zuckerberg said here.
India has about 243 million Internet users and have 100 million plus Facebook users, but there are over a billion people in the country who do not have access to the net, he added.
He is the third high profile CEO of a US-based firm, after Amazon's Jeff Bezos and Micrsoft's Satya Nadella, to visit India in last few days.
Zuckerberg announced that Facebook is creating a USD 1 million fund to help developers develop apps for farmers, migrants and women. This will be a contest to drive new apps and services in local languages.
"Since 2007, Facebook has been working on new apps and services in local languages. About 65 per cent use Facebook in a language other than English, including 10 Indian languages," he added.
On barriers in Internet penetration, he said: "There are three major barriers to connectivity network, affordability and content.
Zuckerberg's first India visit

All you need to know about the Micromax  Spice and Karbonn Android One phonesAll you need to know about the Micromax, Spice and Karbonn Android One phones
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: September 23, 2014 4:37 pm
Related

RBI keeps repo rate unchanged at 8%RBI keeps repo rate unchanged at 8%
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 30, 2014 11:04 IST
RBI Governor Dr Raghuram Rajan announced the Fourth Bi-monthly Monetary Policy Statement for 2014-15 on Tuesday, September 30, 2014.
 
 
RBI in its third bi-monthly monetary policy statement in August decided to maintain a status-quo on its key interest rates. The RBI reduced the amount banks need to invest in government securities called the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) by 50bps in order to expand the scope for banks to increase the credit flow.
 
In the August review, RBI had cut the SLR by 50 basis points (bps) to 22% of banks' net demand and time liabilities (NDTL). RBI had also reduced the total holdings of SLR securities in the HTM category by 50 bps, to 24% of NDTL. SLR is the minimum bond holding requirement for banks as prescribed by RBI.
 
On the Policy Front in August review:
Policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) was kept unchanged at 8%. Accordingly, the reverse repo rate remained unchanged at 7% and the marginal standing facility (MSF) rate and Bank rate remained 1% higher than the repo rate at 9%. Cash reserve ratio (CRR) was kept constant at 4% of NDTL.
 
CPI & WPI
Consumer price inflation cooled to 7.8% in August from 7.96% in July and 9.52% in August 2013. But, it is still far higher than the 6% level the RBI wants it at by January 2016. CPI is used by RBI as a benchmark monitor of inflation.
 
The wholesale price index (WPI) moderated to 3.74% in August from 5.19% in July.
 
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Tuesday, 25 November 2014 05:19 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

RBI keeps CRR unchanged at 4%RBI keeps CRR unchanged at 4%
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 30, 2014 11:06 IST
RBI has decided to keep the policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) unchanged at 8.0 per cent;
 
Monetary and Liquidity Measures
On the basis of an assessment of the current and evolving macroeconomic situation, it has been decided to:
Keep the policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) unchanged at 8.0 per cent;
Keep the cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks unchanged at 4.0 per cent of net demand and time liabilities (NDTL);
Reduce the liquidity provided under the export credit refinance (ECR) facility from 32 per cent of eligible export credit outstanding to 15 per cent with effect from October 10, 2014;
continue to provide liquidity under overnight repos at 0.25 per cent of bank-wise NDTL at the LAF repo rate and liquidity under 7-day and 14-day term repos of up to 0.75 per cent of NDTL of the banking system through auctions; and
Continue with daily one-day term repos and reverse repos to smooth liquidity.
Consequently, the reverse repo rate under the LAF will remain unchanged at 7.0 per cent, and the marginal standing facility (MSF) rate and the Bank Rate at 9.0 per cent.
Assessment
 
Since the third bi-monthly monetary policy statement of August 2014, global activity has been recovering slowly from the setback in Q1 of 2014, on the back of strengthening consumer spending and gradually improving labour market conditions in advanced economies (AEs) like the United States. However, the Euro area, where growth has stalled in the core economies, continues to be weak. Major emerging market economies (EMEs) continue to struggle with tepid domestic demand and headwinds from structural impediments. With monetary policy in AEs remaining highly accommodative, investor risk appetite has increased and spread to various asset classes. With volatility perhaps excessively low, financial markets have risen to new highs, driving surges of capital flows to EMEs. Apart from concerns about a sudden correction in financial markets if investors misread the timing of a reversal of the US monetary policy stance or if geopolitical tensions intensify, some downside risks to growth also persist, such as a possible further slowdown in the Euro area.
 
Domestic activity appears to have come off somewhat after the stronger-than-expected upturn in Q1 of 2014-15. In Q2, the growth of industrial production slumped in July, as capital goods production followed consumer durables into contraction. Exports cushioned the fall in manufacturing output, with the Reserve Banks industrial outlook survey indicating expansion in export orders. Rainfall from the south west monsoon, now expected to be about 12 per cent deficient, will weigh on the kharif crop, mainly due to its uneven spatial distribution. This has resulted in drought-like conditions in some major production zones in the north-west region but also floods in the northern and eastern regions. In the services sector, constituents are moving at varying speeds and the purchasing managers index points to uncertainty around future prospects. The recent cautious optimism that is building in the economy on the back of improved business sentiment needs to be placed on solid foundations through a step-up in investment. In this context, the resumption of stalled projects should provide a boost to inventory and capex cycles, while reducing distressed bank loans and revitalising growth.
 
Retail inflation measured by the consumer price index (CPI) came off the vegetable prices-driven spike in July 2014 and eased in all major groups barring food. Large and persistent upside pressures on food prices have resulted in their contribution rising to almost 60 per cent of headline inflation in August. The full impact of the skewed rainfall distribution carries risks to the future path of food inflation, though vegetable prices have fallen recently after the recent spike. CPI inflation excluding food and fuel decelerated to its lowest level in the new series, mainly on account of sharp disinflation in transport and communication and household requisites. Future food prices and the timing and magnitude of held back administered price revisions impart some uncertainty to an otherwise improving inflation outlook, where lower oil prices, a relatively stable currency, and a negative output gap continue to put downward pressure. Base effects will also temper inflation in the next few months only to reverse towards the end of the year. The Reserve Bank will look through base effects.
 
Liquidity conditions have remained broadly balanced through Q2 of 2014-15, except for transient tightness in the second half of July and early August due to delayed Government expenditure. Thereafter, as these expenditures began to flow, liquidity conditions eased. With credit growth falling well below deposit growth in August and September, structural sources of liquidity pressures also eased. The average recourse to liquidity from the Reserve Bank, measured by daily net liquidity injection through LAF, term repo and MSF, decreased from `870 billion in July to `795 billion during August and further to Rs. 450 billion during September so far (up to September 28). The Reserve Bank revised its liquidity management framework with effect from September 5, 2014, with more frequent 14-day term repos and daily overnight variable rate repo operations, to ensure flexibility, transparency and predictability in liquidity management operations.
 
Non-food credit growth decelerated in September 2014, the lowest level since June 2001, despite liquidity conditions remaining comfortable and deposit growth remaining normal. Partly, this sharp deceleration is on account of a high base monetary tightening to curb the exchange market pressures in July-September last year raised interest rates on alternative sources of funds and pushed up the demand for credit from the banking system. Adjusting for these base effects, non-food credit growth would have been around 11 per cent in September 2014. Corporates have also opted to raise financing through alternative sources such as commercial paper, which are significantly larger than a year ago. Finance from other non-bank sources such as foreign direct investment and external commercial borrowing has also increased. Also, a few banks have sold stressed loans to asset reconstruction companies, and so these loans no longer appear as bank credit. Net bank credit is also lower because of repayments of loans by entities that have received payments by government departments and public enterprises, and because oil marketing companies borrowing is lower. Finally, the slowdown in credit growth is more pronounced in public sector banks, but how much of this is because of needed bank balance sheet restructuring, repayments of stressed loans, or increased risk aversion is to be established. Going forward, as the investment cycle gathers momentum and overall demand picks up, banks will need to prepare to meet financing requirements as the credit cycle also turns. Equally, given the easy availability of foreign finance, corporations should be wary of being lulled by relative exchange rate stability and neglect to hedge foreign exchange liabilities.
 
Incoming data suggest that the current account deficit, placed at 1.7 per cent of GDP for Q1 of 2014-15 may remain contained in Q2. Over April-August 2014, the trade deficit was narrower than a year ago, notwithstanding a slowdown in export growth in July and August and a strengthening of non-oil non-gold import growth to its highest level since March 2013. The improvement in the trade balance has benefited from the fall in the value of gold imports. Even as the external financing requirement stays moderate, all categories of capital flows remain buoyant. As a result, there has been an accretion to international reserves, even though reserves denominated in US dollars have moderated somewhat in recent weeks, largely because of the strength of the US dollar.
 
Policy Stance and Rationale
 
Since June, headline inflation has ebbed to levels which are consistent with the desired near-term glide path of disinflation -- 8 per cent by January 2015. The most heartening feature has been the steady decline in inflation excluding food and fuel, by a cumulative 111 basis points since January 2014, to a new low. With international crude prices softening and relative stability in the foreign exchange market, some upside risks to inflation are receding. Yet, there are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoons passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly.
 
For the near-term objective, therefore, the risks around the baseline path of inflation are broadly balanced, though with a slant to the downside (Chart 1). However, the undershooting of the objective may be temporary because of base effects. Turning to the medium-term objective (6 per cent by January 2016) the balance of risks is still to the upside, though somewhat lower than in the last policy statement. This continues to warrant policy preparedness to contain pressures if the risks materialise. Therefore, the future policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Banks projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective (6 per cent by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data.
 
 
The momentum of activity in all sectors of the economy is yet to stabilize. Agriculture should shed the effects of recent shocks and pick up in Q4 of 2014-15. Industrial activity will await improvement in the business environment and the resumption of consumption and investment demand before gaining sustained speed. Post-monsoon revival in construction activity and the likely strengthening of momentum in business and financial services should sustain the recent signs of expansion in the services sector.  The key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy in the second half of the year is a revival in investment activity in greenfield as well as brownfield stalled projects supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and sustained disinflation. With expectations of these conditions remaining broadly unchanged, the projection of growth for 2014-15 is retained at 5.5 per cent within a range of 5 to 6 per cent around this central estimate. The quarterly growth path may slow mildly in Q2 and Q3 before recovering in Q4.
 
With liquidity conditions easing, the recourse to ECR has fallen off substantially to about 10 per cent of the outstanding export credit eligible for refinance. Accordingly, in pursuance of the Dr. Urjit R. Patel Committees recommendation to move away from sector-specific refinance, the access to the ECR is being brought down to 15 per cent of the eligible export credit, thus continuing to give banks room for manoeuvre. This will be in effect from October 10, 2014.
 
The fifth bi-monthly monetary policy statement is scheduled on Tuesday, December 2, 2014.
 
Part B: Developmental and Regulatory Policies
 
This part of the Statement reviews the progress on various developmental and regulatory policy measures announced by the Reserve Bank in recent policy statements and also sets out new measures.
 
Developmental and regulatory measures are being put in place within the organising framework of the five-pillar approach announced in October 2013 in the Second Quarter Review of Monetary Policy for 2013-14. This approach emphasises the strengthening of the monetary policy framework; fortifying the banking structure; broadening and deepening financial markets; expanding access to finance; and dealing with stress in corporate and financial assets and putting them back to work.
 
I. Monetary Policy Framework
 
Efforts to improve the monetary policy framework are documented in Part A of this Statement and in the accompanying Monetary Policy Report. In continuation of the process of implementing recommendations of the Expert Committee to Revise and Strengthen the Monetary Policy Framework (Chairman: Dr. Urjit R Patel), the first issue of the Reserve Banks Monetary Policy Report is being placed in the public domain along with this Statement. Steps have also been taken to refine the liquidity management framework with a view to making it flexible, transparent and predictable.
 
II. Banking and Financial Structure
 
The approach to strengthening the financial structure has been multi-pronged, comprising:
An expansion of  participation and competition in the financial system;
Building counter-cyclical capital and liquidity buffers compliant with Basel III standards;  and
Refining and enhancing the efficacy of the regulatory and supervisory framework.
 
Turning to expanding the banking space, draft guidelines on Small Banks and Payments Banks as differentiated or restricted banks were placed on the Reserve Banks website on July 17, 2014. Based on the feedback received:
Final guidelines on licensing of these banks will be issued by end-November 2014.
 
With regard to non-banking financial companies (NBFCs):
Changes in the regulatory framework for NBFCs will be introduced by end-October 2014 covering prudential regulations on core capital, asset classification and provisioning norms, regulation on deposit acceptance, corporate governance and consumer protection measures.
With these changes coming into force, the Reserve Bank will recommence registering new NBFCs.
 
Pursuant to the guidelines issued on the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) in June 2014 which permitted banks  to reckon government securities to the extent allowed by the Reserve Bank under its marginal standing facility as Level 1 High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) under the LCR, banks will be allowed to:
Include government securities held by them up to another 5 per cent of their NDTL within the mandatory SLR requirement as level 1 HQLA in order to facilitate their meeting the LCR requirement while retaining the prudential aspect of the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR). This additional liquidity up to 5 per cent of NDTL will be available, in addition to the MSF,  through a special facility and at a rate higher than the MSF rate as decided by the Reserve Bank taking into account the market conditions; and
Such government securities reckoned for the LCR should be valued at an amount no greater than their current market value as HQLAs are required to be taken at their market value for the purpose of computing the LCR.
Detailed guidelines will be issued by mid-November 2014.
 
To carry forward regulatory and supervisory initiatives,
Final guidelines for monitoring tools for intra-day liquidity management will be issued in October 2014, consistent with the quantitative tools finalised by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS);
revised guidelines on a leverage ratio (LR) framework and attendant disclosure requirements, drawing on the BCBSs January 2014 paper, will also be issued by end-October 2014 so as to enable public disclosure of the LR by January 1, 2015; and
A discussion paper will be issued by end-November on large exposures and convergence of exposure limits applicable in India with those of the BCBS which come into effect from January 1, 2019.
 
An Early Warning System (EWS) is being put in place to track banks critical financial parameters. Deviations from pre-defined benchmarks would trigger more granular oversight in the form of enhanced off-site monitoring, focused discussions, on-site examination and punitive action, if warranted.
 
Along with early detection mechanisms for frauds, a Central Fraud Registry is also proposed to be created simultaneously as a searchable centralised database for use by banks.
 
Guidelines for declaring borrowers as non-co-operative will be put out by end-October 2014.
III. Financial Markets
 
As part of the Reserve Banks continuous engagement in broadening and deepening financial markets, it has been decided to:
Allow access to the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) to scheduled urban co-operative banks (UCBs) in order to provide them an additional avenue for liquidity management, provided they fully comply with the eligible criteria prescribed for participation in the LAF including having current accounts and SGL accounts with Reserve Bank, Mumbai, the minimum  bid size prescription and the like.
Detailed guidelines will be issued separately by mid-October 2014.
 
In order to further develop the government securities market and enhance liquidity, it has been decided to:
Bring down the ceiling on SLR securities under the HTM category from 24 per cent of NDTL to 22 per cent in a graduated manner i.e. 23.5 per cent with effect from the fortnight beginning January 10, 2015, 23.0 per cent with effect from the fortnight beginning April 4, 2015, 22.5 per cent with effect from the fortnight beginning July 11, 2015 and 22.0 per cent with effect from the fortnight beginning September 19, 2015.   
 
Liberalise guidelines on short sale in Government securities as under:
Limit on short sale for liquid securities will be increased to 0.75 per cent  of outstanding stock or Rs. 600 crore, whichever is lower (from 0.50 per cent of outstanding stock); short sale limit for illiquid securities is being retained at 0.25 per cent of the outstanding stock of securities; and
Banks and primary dealers (PDs) may be permitted to take short positions in government securities in the over-the-counter (OTC) market (within the total short sale limit), subject to appropriate audit/ internal controls.
Detailed guidelines are being issued separately.
 
In April 2014, the Reserve Bank announced that it would examine the possibility of allowing limited re-repo/re-hypothecation of repoed government securities with the objective of developing the term repo/money market. In view of the growth of repo markets during the last decade and the availability of a robust trading, clearing and settlement infrastructure with a central counter-party (CCP) guarantee, it has been decided to:
Permit re-repo of Government securities subject to appropriate control measures and development of IT infrastructure.
Detailed guidelines will be issued in consultation with all stakeholders by end- January 2015.
 
In order to address operational issues faced by foreign portfolio investors and long term foreign investors, it has been decided to:
Provide extended reporting timings on trade date and an option for T+2 settlements for secondary market OTC trades in government securities for such investors.
Detailed guidelines in this regard would be issued by end-November 2014.
 
With a view to easing operational conditions for hedging of foreign exchange risk by market participants, it has been decided to:
Increase the eligible limit for importers under the past performance route to 100 per cent from the existing 50 per cent i.e., importers can hedge up to 100 per cent of the average of past three years import turnover or the preceding years import turnover, whichever is higher, subject to compliance with other conditions applicable for hedging under this route.
IV. Access to Finance
Expanding access of finance to the small, the poor, the unorganised and the underserved sections of society has been a central tenet of the Reserve Banks developmental policies.
 
State-Level Coordination Committees (SLCCs) are being strengthened to focus on financial inclusion for flow of public savings to the formal channels and protection of public deposits mopped up by unauthorised and unscrupulous entities. In line with the recommendation of the Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC):
The SLCC, which is now chaired by State chief secretaries/ UT Administrators, will meet every quarter instead of half-yearly.
 
With a view to easing difficulties faced by common persons while opening bank accounts and during periodic updating, guidelines on know your customer (KYC) will be further simplified with immediate effect so that banks:
Do not insist on physical presence of the customer at the time of periodic updating; do not seek fresh proof of identity and address at the time of periodic updating in case of no change in status for 'low risk' customers; allow self-certification; accept a certified copy of the document by mail/post, etc; and
Do not seek fresh documents if an existing KYC compliant customer of a bank desires to open another account in the bank.
There is a need for banks to complete KYC for all customers including long standing low risk customers. Banks should complete documentation, while minimising the effort on the part of the customer to what is strictly needed. In the event that customers are unable to comply within a reasonable time period, partial freezing may be introduced  in respect of KYC non-compliant customers i.e., credits would be allowed in such accounts while debits would not be allowed, with an option to the account holder to close the account and take back the money in the account.
 
In line with its vision of migrating towards electronic payments and a less-cash society, the Reserve Bank has been examining the feasibility of (a) standardisation in the operational processes and procedures involved in extension of mobile banking services, and (b) implementation of a pan-India bill payment system (recommended by GIRO Advisory Group (GAG)) facilitating anytime/anywhere payment of a variety of bills and dues. Similarly, the setting up and operationalisation of a system for uploading, accepting, discounting and settlement of the invoices/bills of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) is also being envisaged to facilitate faster financing for such entities. In this connection, it has been decided to:
 
Issue policy guidelines for the Bharat Bill Payment System (BBPS), Trade Receivables Discounting System (TReDS) and standardisation of processes in mobile banking services by end-November 2014.
 
Customer protection is an integral element of the endeavour to expand access to finance. Accordingly, a draft Charter of Customer Rights under Consumer Protection regulations was placed on the Reserve Banks website in August for comments from the public. For operationalising the Charter of Customer Rights:
 
Necessary instructions will be issued to the banks by the appropriate regulatory departments in the Reserve Bank shortly.
 
Criteria for inviting applications from entities eligible under the Depositor Education and Awareness Fund (DEA-Fund) for registration will be issued on the Reserve Banks website by the end of October 2014.
 
Looking ahead, the Reserve Banks developmental and regulatory policies will continue to evolve within the five-pillar approach to build a competitive, vibrant and sound financial system that is geared to intermediating the financing needs of a growing economy. Efforts will be made to harness appropriate technology and ensure that financial services are available to all even as customer awareness and protection is reinforced. The Reserve Bank will continue to carry forward banking sector reforms by adapting the best international practices to country-specific requirements.

BSE Sensex falls 84 points on capital outflows  global cuesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India Bureau Chief PharmAsia News.ComDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Two months of U.S.-led airstrikes in Iraq and Syria  mappedBy Dan Lamothe October 8 Follow @danlamothe
As noted on Checkpoint earlier this morning, President Obama visits the Pentagon today , two months after the United States began launching airstrikes against the Islamic State in Iraq. Those strikes have since been expanded into Syria, where they have been carried out regularly since Sept. 23.
The map above outlines where those airstrikes have occurred as of Tuesday night. For those following the conflict, the size and location of the red bubbles may not come as a surprise. But there are still certain details worth noting:
– The bubble growing the most quickly is around Kobane, the border town in northern Syria near Turkey. Eighteen strikes had been disclosed there since late Tuesday, and U.S. Central Command announced six more overnight. Kobane has been under siege by the Islamic State for months, with many civilians fleeing and others staying to fight alongside Kurdish forces.
– The United States has launched nearly 100 airstrikes around the Mosul Dam — a response to the potential threat if militants were to destroy it. As noted by The Washington Post yesterday, water is now being used by militants as a weapon in Iraq and Syria . The U.S. military backed a ground operation by Iraqi and Kurdish troops in August to wrest control of the Mosul Dam back from the Islamists after they briefly seized it.
– The United States began launching airstrikes around Baghdad on Sept. 15, and had conducted at least 26 there since, according to CENTCOM. Airstrikes also have increased around Fallujah, the western Iraqi city that fell to the militants in January . U.S. military officials have not said what kind of aircraft carried out those strikes, but it’s likely that a handful of airstrikes carried out by U.S. military helicopters recently occurred around Baghdad, since they are believed to be flown out of Baghdad International Airport.
– The U.S. carried out eight strikes against the Khorasan Group, an affiliate of al-Qaeda in Syria, on Sept. 23. They used 47 Tomahawk missiles to do it, however, with multiple missiles striking some locations.
– The U.S. military said early Wednesday that it had carried out nine more airstrikes in Syria and five more in Iraq. They are not reflected on this map.
Related on Checkpoint

Google renders textbook tinkering futileTinkering with textbooks is futile in the age of Google
By Roula Khalaf
Just because it does not appear on the written record does not mean that it did not happen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c64713c8-4e28-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wave enters housing finance businessNew Delhi, October 8, 2014
Updated: October 8, 2014 22:14 IST
Wave enters housing finance business
PTI
PTI Wave Group Managing Director R. K. Panpalia (centre) during the launch of "NHHFDL'' in New Delhi on Wednesday.
TOPICS
company information
The Wave group, which is into liquor, realty, sugar and cinema businesses, on Wednesday, announced its foray into the housing finance sector, and is targeting to disburse Rs.1,000 crore loans in the next five years.
The Wave group’s new venture — New Habitat Housing Finance and Development Ltd (NHHFDL) — will start with an equity capital of Rs.12 crore infused by the promoters and the same would be raised to Rs.100 crore in the next three years.
“The Wave group has entered into the housing finance as it synergies with our existing real estate business. We propose to provide attractive and customer—friendly schemes to our target group customers in both formal and informal segments,” Wave Group Managing Director R. K. Panpalia told reporters here. NHHFDL CEO and whole-time Director Rakesh Kapoor said the company had approval from the National Housing bank (NHB) to start the business.

Ebola drug maker Chimerix s stock tumbles after Dallas patient diesAbout two hours after officials announced the death of Thomas Eric Duncan, the Durham, N.C., company’s stock was trading at $30.54, down $2.69, or 8.1%. The shares had hit an all-time high earlier in the day before the announcement.
Chimerix stock
Ycharts
Ycharts
Duncan was one of two known Ebola patients to take Chimerix’s drug, brincidofovir. American journalist Ashoka Mukpo has also received the treatment.
There is no known medical cure for Ebola, which has killed more than 3,400 in West Africa. On Monday, Chimerix said the Food and Drug Administration had given doctors emergency approval to see whether brincidofovir would be successful in treating the disease.
The medicine, which is administered in tablet form and taken twice weekly, is an antiviral that's designed to stop the virus from replicating.

L&T Unit to Acquire Dell s Engineering Services BusinessKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Mumbai: L&T Technology Services, a wholly-owned arm of engineering major Larsen & Toubro Group, on Wednesday said it will be acquiring the assets of the US-based Dell Product & Process Innovation Services (formerly eServ), the engineering services division of Dell.
While the deal has been approved by the Competition Commission of India (CCI), the company is awaiting US regulatory approvals which are expected shortly, the city-based company said in a statement issued from Peoria, Illinois, US. The deal is likely to be closed this quarter itself. The company did not disclose the value of the deal.
The strategic acquisition will strengthen L&T Technology Services' global position in the $4 billion transportation engineering research & development market and will help widen its reach in with the new local delivery center in North America.
Dell Engineering Services has delivery centers in Hyderabad and Bangalore as well.
Headquartered in Peoria, Illinois, Dell Engineering Services is a 15-year-old company and is into mechanical design & analysis, embedded engineering, applied engineering, and manufacturing consulting across multiple industries and has long term relationships with marquee clients in North America, especially in the transportation industry.
L&T Technology Services is a wholly-owned subsidiary of L&T with focus in the engineering services space, partnering with many of the Fortune 500 companies globally.
It offers design and development solutions throughout the entire product development chain across various industries like industrial products, medical devices, transportation, telecom and hi-tech and process industry.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 23:50 (IST)

SCOTUS Must Side With Amazon Workers  Rule Against Preposterous Unpaid Time Requirementreddit
The practice of not paying people for the time their employers require them to be at work was outlawed three-quarters of a century ago. Nevertheless, today the Supreme Court begins to hear arguments in Integrity Staffing Solutions, Inc. v. Busk et al., which asks whether the Fair Labor Standards Act allows employers to refuse to pay workers for the time they spend performing employer-required duties after their shift ends, but before they are allowed to leave for the day.
Amazon contractor Integrity Staffing, a national firm with annual revenues exceeding $360 million, says it does, and shockingly, so does the United States. They argue the FLSA does not apply to time spent on pre- or post-shift tasks an employer imposes and benefits from, unless those activities are "integral and indispensable" to the workers' "principal activities." In the absence of that "integral and indispensable" connection, employees simply must donate that time to their employers -- regardless of the duty the employer imposes, the method prescribed by the employer, or the time it takes to complete the task.
At issue in Integrity Staffing Solutions is the firm's refusal to pay the warehouse workers for the time spent in a mandatory post-shift anti-theft screening required by Amazon, which takes as long as 25 minutes a day, or as much as two-plus hours each week, per worker. For low-wage workers whose ability to make ends meet is "integrally and indispensably" connected to what they earn for the time they spend doing what their employer requires of them, this mandatory unpaid labor can have real and costly consequences. Extra fees for late pick-up at child care are common, as is docked pay for tardy arrival at a second job. A just-missed bus can mean getting home too late, paying a higher fare during non-premium hours, or using more expensive transit to make it in time to put the kids to bed. Workers can thus be doubly-penalized, spending time without pay to complete the extra task, and incurring more costs elsewhere because of the extra time their employer required.
These consequences are harsh enough, but the rule the company and the government want the Court to adopt has even more far-reaching implications: It would give companies carte blanche to impose uncompensated pre- and post-shift duties on any worker paid by the hour, so long as the activities didn't meet the "integral and indispensable" standard. What's to stop hospitals from requiring nurses to do end-of-day unpaid garbage collection from patients' rooms? How about requiring auto mechanics to wash shop owners' cars after hours, an unpaid chore mechanics couldn't refuse without jeopardizing their jobs? Why not make a construction crew spend time after their shifts buffing up landscaping around a building, at no cost to those who impose and benefit from the requirement -- the contractor or building owner -- but of no benefit to the workers stuck with the unpaid labor?
The rule Integrity Staffing and the government propose is preposterous, and its potential consequences grossly unfair and untenable for the 76 million U.S. workers paid by the hour. Limiting employers' wage payment obligation only to time spent on tasks "integral and indispensable" to the workers' principal activities may boost the corporate bottom line. But it will also further undermine the incomes and economic security of tens of millions of workers and their families and dampen even more the consumer spending on which our economy relies.
The administration has rightly stressed that workers' wages are too low and has taken important steps to boost workers' earnings, including executive orders and vigorous advocacy for a higher minimum wage and expanded overtime pay protections. And the Labor Department is aggressively tackling rampant wage theft among low wage workers , who experience unusually high rates of minimum wage and overtime pay violations. Regrettably, the government's position in Integrity Staffing Solutions is likely to exacerbate, rather than improve, the very conditions the Administration is trying to address.
The decades-long assault on workers' wages has inflicted a heavy toll: The middle class is smaller and poorer than a few decades ago, and the ranks of the working poor are growing. The last thing working families, our economy or our nation need now is for employers to get a green light from the Supreme Court to demand more of their workers' time without having to pay for it.
Christine L. Owens is executive director of the National Employment Law Project.
More:

Its all Roman to meBy Eugene Volokh October 8 Follow @volokhc
The BBC reported (Sept. 19, 2014):
India’s state TV channel has fired a news anchor for referring to Chinese President Xi Jinping as “Eleven” Jinping.
The presenter apparently confused Mr Xi’s name with the Roman numerals XI.
Of course, there’s also “it’s all Arabic to me”: “ The young teacher introduced [a World War II veteran] by saying that the speaker was a veteran of World War Eleven.” But that might well be apocryphal, and apparently the Red Skelton Show used a similar joke in the mid-1960s (as did Joan Rivers in 1984).
Thanks to Judge Andrew Guilford; I saw these items in a very interesting draft article of his on headings in briefs.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

More on the phony end of liberal Zionism narrativeBy David Bernstein October 8
Readers will recall that in response to a New York Times op-ed by Antony Lerman claiming that the end of liberalism Zionism is nigh because the Israeli Jewish public has grown increasingly right-wing, I pointed out that the underlying critique of Israeli politics was false. I backed that up by showing that since the 1980s, a supposed heyday of liberal Zionism, the Israeli electorate has in fact grown much more moderate on the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians. Both the far left and the far right have lost significant ground to the moderate middle, though the left suffered more than the right.
Another claim made by Lerman, in common with many other left-wing critics of Israel, is that Israel has experienced “a growing strain of anti-Arab” racism. Forgive me for letting facts and data once more get in the way of the narrative,  but I just came across a study from 2012 that addresses that precise issue , by the leading Israeli expert on the issue, based on survey data since 1980. He concludes:
There is no evidence in the Index data and in the surveys conducted since 1980 of a toughening of Jewish attitudes toward Israel’s Arab citizens. In most cases stability or moderation, not toughening of attitudes, was found. This generalization stands in contradiction to the dominant view according to which the Jews have undergone an unrelenting drift toward religion and the political right, and as a result their intolerance of the Arab minority has been on the rise. The research findings affirm the alternative interpretation that along with the increase in power, prominence, and audacity of the radical right, the main trend in Jewish politics is the formation of a large and viable political center and the convergence of the Jewish public from all sides into the center. This shift overall produces stability and moderation of Jewish attitudes (mainly the moderation of right-wingers who have moved to the political center).
What’s especially notable is that the stability and moderation of Israeli Jews regarding their Arab neighbors has come despite (a) growing nationalist and sometimes anti-Jewish sentiment among Arab citizens of Israel; (b) two intifadas, two wars in Lebanon, two wars in Gaza, with prominent Israeli Arab spokesmen often expressing sympathy for “the enemy” (see (a)); (c) an increasing percentage of ultra-Orthodox Jews, who tend to have less tolerant attitudes toward Arabs; and (d) the mass immigration of Jews from the former USSR to Israel, constituting about 20% of the Jewish population, who reputedly are more nationalistic and “right-wing” than are native-born Israelis. In short, despite factors that would lead one to expect anti-Arab sentiment in Israel to rise, it has in fact fallen slightly. Once again, Lerman and others are confusing the decline of the Israeli far left in the wake of Oslo’s failure with a decline of Israeli liberalism writ large; as I noted last time, to many leftists, anything that not left-wing is inherently right-wing.
So once again, if leftist Jews like Lerman are abandoning Zionism and Israel, it’s not because Israel has changed for the worse, but because they have.  In particular, they’ve succumbed to the left-wing political litmus test that requires hostility to Israel before one can be accepted into the ranks of the politically correct, and make up stuff along the way to justify it.
UPDATE: Here’s another example, from Sarah Posner writing in The American Prospect. She reports, and apparently believes, claims of “rising anti-Palestinian racism in Israeli government and society.” The web address for this article suggests that it’s original title was about the “Israeli center collapsing,” which is precisely the opposite of what’s been going on.
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

Greatest urban projects of all timeMost stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

Mazda Tops Automakers in Gas Mileage  Honda SecondKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

AT&T to Refund Customers $80 Million for Bogus Chargesat&t to refund customers $80 million for bogus charges
Head of Research BofAMLJyotivardhan Jaipuria joined BofAML in 1994. He has completed his MBA from the Indian Institute of Management. Earlier he was in ICICI Limited to look after investment decision
ABOUT Jyotivardhan Jaipuria
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria joined BofAML in 1994. He has completed his MBA from the Indian Institute of Management. Earlier he was in ICICI Limited to look after investment decision

What US Fed did that s making stock market rallyYou are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
US Federal Reserve officials link rate increase to economic data
AP Oct 9, 2014, 03.36AM IST
Tags:
Dow Jones
(Many participants indicated…)
WASHINGTON: Federal Reserve officials, worried about weak growth overseas, agreed last month that they would begin raising interest rates only when measures of the economy's health and inflation signaled the time was right.
Minutes of the Fed's discussions at the Sept 16-17 meeting released Wednesday showed that officials expressed rising worries about lackluster growth in Europe, as well as slowing growth in Japan and China.
The US stock market surged after the release of the minutes, logging its biggest gain of the year. Investors appeared to take the revealed discussion as a sign that the Fed was in no hurry to raise interest rates. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 274 points, or 1.6 per cent, to 16,994.
"The markets like the news that there is no urgency on the part of Fed officials to stop doing what they are doing," said Chris Rupkey, chief financial economist at MUFG Union Bank in New York.
Fed officials also discussed the potential adverse impacts of a stronger dollar, which has gained strength recently against the euro, yen and British pound. A stronger dollar makes US goods more expensive overseas and foreign goods cheaper in the United States, a development that can dampen inflation.
"Some participants expressed concern that the persistent shortfall of economic growth and inflation in the euro area could lead to a further appreciation of the US dollar and have adverse effects on the US external sector," the minutes said.
At the September meeting, the Fed voted 8-2 to keep its key short-term interest rate at a record low near zero and retained language that it expected the rate to remain at that level for a "considerable time" after it ends monthly bond purchases. The minutes showed that some officials didn't think that was clear enough.
The current language "could be misunderstood as a commitment rather than as data dependent," the minutes said.
But the minutes also showed that officials worried that any tweaks to the wording of the policy guidance could be misinterpreted as a fundamental shift in the Fed's stance on interest rates, which could trigger an unintended rise in market rates.
Many participants indicated that they wanted to clarify that monetary policy changes would be closely linked to the country's economic performance.
The Fed has emphasized that the timing of an interest rate hike will depend on officials' views on how close the economy is to achieving the Fed's goals for maximum employment and inflation running at an annual rate of 2 per cent.
For the past two years, inflation has been running well below 2 per cent, giving the Fed room to keep rates at a record low in an effort to bolster the economy and generate more jobs. The government reported last week that the unemployment rate in September fell to a six-year low of 5.9 per cent, closer to the Fed's goal of an unemployment rate in a range of 5.2 per cent to 5.5 per cent.
The minutes were released with the customary three-week delay following the Fed's last meeting.
The consensus view among private economists is that the first rate hike will not occur until around June of next year. The Fed's short-term rate has been at a record low near zero since December 2008.
The Fed's bond purchases, designed to keep long-term interest rates low, have been trimmed in seven consecutive $10 billion reductions at each meeting starting last December. The purchases are currently at $15 billion and a final reduction to zero is expected at the next meeting on Oct. 28-29.
The two Fed officials who voted against the September action were Charles Plosser, president of the Fed's regional bank in Philadelphia, and Richard Fisher, president of the Dallas Fed.
Both objected to the decision to signal "considerable time" before the first rate increase. Plosser and Fisher are leading hawks, Fed officials who are concerned that low interest rates could generate unwanted inflation pressures in the future. They are also worried that the Fed's policies could be inflating asset bubbles that could burst and destabilize financial markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australian couple reject surrogate baby in India on gender  take home its twin siblingOct 09, 2014 at 10:52am IST
Australian couple reject surrogate baby in India on gender, take home its twin sibling
31
0
Canberra: An Australian couple rejected their biological child born to an Indian surrogate mother because of the baby's gender, but took home its twin sibling, a judge said.
News of the case that dates back to 2012 follows a recent furor over an Australian couple that left behind a disabled twin born to a Thai surrogate mother that prompted a ban on commercial surrogacy in Thailand.
Australian Family Court Chief Justice Diana Bryant told Australian Broadcasting Corp. in an interview broadcast on Thursday that she was told by Australian embassy officials in New Delhi that the couple's decision to leave their biological baby in India was based on its gender. The twins were a brother and sister.
The unwanted baby was accepted by another family in India who might have bought it, Bryant said.
#australian couple #surrogate baby #india
"I don't know whether it was the boy or the girl, but they already had a child of one sex and they wanted the other sex and they didn't want the child," she told the media outlet.
The Australian High Commission in New Delhi delayed giving the Australian parents a visa for the wanted child while they tried to persuade them to take both children, Bryant said.
The unwanted baby was accepted by another family in India who might have bought it, Bryant said.
Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Thursday. Bryant was not available to comment on Thursday.
Federal Circuit Court Chief Judge John Pascoe has called for a national inquiry into international commercial surrogacy.
"I find it almost unbelievable that Australians would be choosing a child on the basis of sex and it's particularly tragic when you think there are wonderful people out there who would love to have a child of any sex," Pascoe told the media outlet.
"I think international surrogacy is the new front line in human trafficking and we have enough anecdotal evidence to believe that people are commissioning children willy-nilly without any proper protections for the children or for the surrogate mothers," he added.
Pascoe said the Family Court and Federal Court had been left to deal with a process that did not have appropriate legislation in place.
Most Australian states outlaw commercial surrogacy but some allow Australians to pay surrogate mothers to have their babies overseas.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott said the government had few details about the case.
He ruled out the federal government taking control of surrogacy away from state governments.
"It's always distressing to think that a child has been brought into the world and abandoned. It's terribly distressing to think that this might have been the case," Abbott told reporters.
"But surrogacy is a matter for the state governments and while I can understand the interest in this right around the country ... I certainly don't intend to change the ordinary constitutional arrangements in this area," he said.
7

Cipla signs pact with Teva for selling drugs in S AfricaCipla signs pact with Teva for selling drugs in South Africa
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 13:23 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Drugmaker Cipla on Thursday announced a collaboration with Israel's Teva Pharmaceuticals for sales and distribution of the latter's drugs in South Africa.
The agreement is between Medpro Pharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of Cipla Medpro and Teva Pharmaceuticals pty, an affiliate of Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries, the company said in a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
"The collaboration is a sales and distribution agreement whereby Cipla Medpro will exclusively market Teva's broad pharmaceutical product portfolio in South Africa," it said.
Commenting on the partnership, Cipla Medpro CEO Paul Miller said: "This collaboration is highly complementary and aligns strongly with our philosophy of providing South Africans access to a broader range of affordable medicines."
The collaboration will focus on oncology, central nervous system, women's health, cardiovascular, ophthalmology and other speciality products.
Cipla Managing Director and Global CEO Subhanu Saxena said: "Cipla believes that the collaboration with Teva reaffirms its commitment to advancing healthcare to all South Africans."
The company, however, said the partnership is subject to approval by the Competition Commission of South Africa.
Last year, Cipla took full control of Cipla Medpro, following completion of Rs 2,707 crore buyout process.
Shares of Cipla were trading 2.66 per cent up at Rs 600.85 per scrip during afternoon trade on the BSE.

India not just a market  can be a manufacturing hub: PM Modi48
0
Indore: Making a strong pitch to attract investments, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said that India is not just a market but a manufacturing hub as huge opportunities exist in India.
"When we say Make in India, we want to tell the world there are ample opportunities in India, don't only consider us to be a market," Modi said as he inaugurated a Global Investors' Summit in Indore on Thursday.
More than 20 countries including Australia, Canada and South Africa are taking part in the two-day summit that focuses on micro, small and medium enterprises.
#narendra modi #investors #pm modi #indore
Inviting the business leaders from across the world to invest in Madhya Pradesh Modi said, "The world must know that the state of Madhya Pradesh has been growing rapidly in the last few years. MP is the first state to make defence manufacturing policy."
Stressing on the need to create jobs Modi said, "We have to create maximum jobs. This is a nation of the youth. Agriculture, industry and services have to get equal importance."
Emphasising on the need of the coordination between states and Centre Modi yet again said, "I know what difficulties a CM has to face when there is no coordination between the states and the Centre. Those who understand the strength of the states understand the strength of India. States are important for India's progress. Centre and States are not rivals or enemies. This message must go to everyone. If the States are with you, Centre is with you."
8

Recruitment platform TalentPad raises first round of funding from Helion AdvisorsRecruitment platform TalentPad raises first round of funding from Helion Advisors
Itika Sharma Punit | Bangalore Oct 09, 2014 12:50 PM IST
As the hiring market picks up globally, technology-led recruitment firms in India are increasingly on the radar of venture capital (VC) funds. As a testimony to this trend, online recruitment platform TalentPad today said it has raised an undisclosed amount in its first round of institutional funding from Mauritius-based Helion Advisors.
TalentPad will use these funds to accelerate its marketing initiatives and strengthen its management team. Additionally, Ritesh Banglani, partner at Helion Ventures will join the board of the company.
“There is a huge demand-supply gap in the recruitment segment, especially at the higher end of technology driven businesses, and TalentPad is ideally poised to meet the emerging opportunity,” Banglani said in a statement. “Helion was impressed by the founding team’s intellectual pedigree and a strong combination of business, technology and sales expertise.”
This investment further depicts how Helion Ventures has increased its focus on the hiring sector in India. The VC firm had earlier made investment in Talentauction.com, an auction-based market place for jobs.
 
Other VCs have also stepped up investments in this sector, as Matrix Partners India’s investment in 10-month-old Gurgaon-based GrownOut, which helps companies leverage the professional networks of their employees and automate referral hiring. Also, Nexus Venture Partner has also made investments in two companies-- ZLemma and myNoticePeriod.com, in this sector. IDG Ventures had also made an investment in MyNoticePeriod.com.
 
Founded in 2014 by Mayank Jain, Nikhil Vij and Raghav Jain, alumnus of Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) and Indian Institute of Management (IIM), TalentPad is an online recruitment platform that connects talent with the best employers in the technology, internet and analytics space. The recruitment platform gets a percentage of the gross salary, as fee, for every candidate hired. The services are free for candidates.
 
Calling itself a ‘curated marketplace’, TalentPad enables recruitment only for companies that are ‘eligible’ for participation. TalentPad also curates candidates, with a focus on tier-I technology talent in the country. The company aims to reverse the traditional job equation and look at the recruitment problem from a candidate perspective.
 
“The ability to curate both supply and demand to ensure perfect matchmaking has led to TalentPad currently working with 150 companies spread across sectors like e-commerce, online media, mobile, enterprise SaaS (software-as-a-service) and online education,” Helion Ventures said in a release.
 

Eyes on Kim Jong Un as North Korea gets ready for 69th anniversary of ruling partyOct 09, 2014 at 01:45pm IST
Eyes on Kim Jong Un as North Korea gets ready for 69th anniversary of ruling party
24
0
Tokyo: As North Korea's ruling party prepares to mark its 69th anniversary on Friday, the world will be watching to see if leader Kim Jong Un will make his first public appearance in more than a month.
Kim's absence from the public eye, along with suggestions in the North Korean media that he might be ill, has generated a wide range of rumors abroad that all is not well in the secretive and isolated country.
Kim was last was seen in public attending a concert on September 3. Before that, he had been shown walking with a limp.
Kim was last was seen in public attending a concert on Sept. 3. Before that, he had been shown walking with a limp.
#kim jong un #north korea #ruling party anniversary
The Friday event marks the founding of the ruling Worker's Party of Korea.
Kim's absence would not in itself be all that important or unusual - such anniversaries are generally given more weight when they are landmark years, though he attended the celebrations in the last two years.
It was not clear how much pomp would be put on for the event Friday. A high-profile celebration is expected for next year's 70th anniversary of the ruling party.
Even so, because the young leader has not been shown in the North Korean media for the past month, his attendance at the event has taken on more meaning.
During a surprise visit to South Korea last week to attend the closing ceremonies of the Asian Games in Incheon, three senior North Korean leaders assured their South Korean counterparts that Kim was healthy, but that has done little to calm the rumors abroad that he was unwell.
Kim missed a meeting of the country's parliament late last month, and was absent again from a gathering this week to mark his late father's election as ruling party head.
Adding to the uncertainty, Kim has not been seen in North Korean media reports greeting the athletes who returned from the Asian Games - though they were given a lavish reception and heavy media coverage when they returned to the capital.
1

Reliance Group to invest Rs 60 000 crore in Madhya PradeshReliance Group to invest Rs 60 000 crore in Madhya Pradesh
Narendra Modi govt to consider if tax payers should be out of PDS: Ram Vilas PaswanNarendra Modi govt to consider if tax payers should be out of PDS: Paswan
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 09 2014, 16:40  IST
Oct 09 2014, 16:40  IST
 

Pak to pay  unaffordable  price for shelling  says Defence Minister Arun JaitleyArun Jaitely
("If Pakistan persists with…)
NEW DELHI: Accusing Pakistan of carrying out 'unprovoked attacks', Defence minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said, "If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable."
Jaitley said. "Our forces have been doing a commendable job in the face of these unprovoked acts of aggression by Pakistan. Pakistan in these attacks has clearly been the aggressor but it must realise that our deterrence will be credible," Jaitley hit out.
Accusing Pakistan, Jaitley said, "There have been a series of ceasefire violations all unprovoked by Pakistan. These have mostly been on the international border and some have been at the line of control also. The international border has never been an issue at all and most of these violations are occurring at the IB. India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor but at the same time, it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory."
"Our armed forces, particularly the army and the BSF in this case have only one option that is to respond adequately, defend our territory and our people," he added.
India and Pakistan traded heavy mortar and gun fire along the international border with Pakistani troops targeting 60 outposts and 90 villagers overnight in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts, leaving eight persons, including three BSF jawans, injured.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh said the defence forces were giving a "befitting" reply to the Pakistani onslaught and the country will not bow down before anyone.
"I want to assure the people that we will not let down our country," he said, a day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi asserted that "everything will be fine soon" on Pakistan border.
(With inputs from PTI)
FEATURED ARTICLES

India Inc s optimism index for Q4 up by 2%: ...BOI
(The Business Optimism Index…)
NEW DELHI: The underlying business sentiment continues to be resilient as India Inc's optimism index for the fourth quarter of this year has registered an increase of 2 per cent over last year, says a Dun & Bradstreet report.
The Business Optimism Index (BOI), which measures the pulse of the business community, stood at 137.6 for Q4 2014, an increase of 2 per cent as compared to Q4 2013.
On quarter-on-quarter basis however, it has witnessed a marginal decline, largely due to a steep fall in optimism with regard to selling prices.
"Price competition in the face of subdued demand is deterring firms from raising prices even as input costs remain high. That said, the buoyant sentiment regarding volume of sales and new orders augurs well for future growth," Dun & Bradstreet India President and Managing Director Kaushal Sampat said.
Based on the responses received, it was observed that four out of the six optimism indices namely -- Volume of Sales, New Orders, Net Profits and Employee Levels have registered an increase as compared to Q4 2013.
"Going forward, improvement in business confidence is contingent on addressing structural issues in areas such as coal supplies and agriculture, simplification of business and taxation rules and resumption of various stalled projects," he added.
For calculating the composite BOI , each of the six parameters -- net sales, net profits, selling prices, new orders, inventories and employee levels -- is assigned a weight.
The parameter weights are then applied to these ratios and the results aggregated to arrive at the Composite Business Optimism Index.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vodafone seeks spectrum urgently  validity e...You are here: Home > Collections
Vodafone seeks spectrum urgently, validity extension by 6 months
ET Bureau Oct 10, 2014, 05.14AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
MUMBAI: Vodafone India has asked the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) to immediately allocate airwaves it had won in February through a government-led auction, failing which it has said its services in the circles of Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai will be affected. In a letter to DoT, the local unit of UK's Vodafone Group Plc has sought an answer within a day, highlighting the urgency of the matter.
The second largest telecom operator in the country has also asked DoT to extend expiry of 900MHz allocation in the three circles - Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata - by six months after the allocation of 1800MHz airwaves. The presently deployed spectrum in 900MHz is to be replaced by 900MHz won in the February auctions within weeks, as per DoT. "In places like Delhi, the quantum of 900MHz will in fact get reduced from 8MHz to 5MHz.
Further, in all circles the frequency spots for 900MHz and 1800MHz are changing. In such a scenario it is imperative to deploy the 1800MHz spectrum won in auctions first, which will then enable release of the existing 900MHz," the operator said in the letter. "Despite several reminders, the spectrum has not been earmarked till now."
Vodafone India purchased airwaves worth nearly Rs 17,000 crore in February, including bandwidth in the 900MHz band in Mumbai, Kolkata and Delhi. In Mumbai, it secured more than it already has, but in Delhi and Kolkata competitive bidding prevented it from acquiring more. "This delay in earmarking (of airwaves) will seriously affect Vodafone India's services, which the company cannot afford, and it requires necessary corrective steps and actions from DoT," the company added.
Vodafone said that six months are required to migrate the network from the existing 900MHz to 1800MHz in areas where it was unable to renew all its existing airwaves when they were reauctioned.
It further referred to arecommendation by the sector regulator that six months is too short a period to switch networks from 900MHz to 1800MHz.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Yes  the people going to Mars on a Dutch reality TV show will dieSpace Business
October 9, 2014
Mars One, an organization based in the Netherlands, has been recruiting amateur astronauts  to send on a one-way, televised trip to Mars, with the hopes of building a colony there. The organization says that the technology to do this exists, or will be ready by the time of its expected 2022 launch date.
Not so fast, say a group of strategic engineering graduate students at MIT. A simulation of the Mars One plan  (pdf) shared with the public at the recent International Astronautical Congress reveals the colonization project will likely end in disaster unless expensive changes are made.
Mars One plans on sending crews of four every two years to the Red Planet, where they will live inside space capsules and inflatable  habitats, wringing water from the martian soil and growing much of their own food. The researchers took into account the various factors necessary for survival—maintaining a breathable atmosphere, avoiding starvation and dehydration, preventing fire and depressurisation—to see what the colony would need.
It takes 68 days for the first crew member to die.
That projected fatality is the result of suffocation, space style: The researchers found that growing plants would increase the amount of oxygen in the air to the point where it would need to be vented outside of the habitat to avoid increasing the pressure within the life support unit.
Share
Tap image to zoom
But there isn’t technology yet to vent oxygen separately from nitrogen, and indiscriminate venting would quickly cause the colonists to run out of the nitrogen used to maintain pressure, creating a situation where there will be not enough air pressure for crew members to breathe, but enough oxygen in the habitat to create serious fire danger.
And did I mention that humidity in the capsule will hover around 100%, thanks to the agricultural efforts?
These failures sent the researchers back to the drawing board, considering options that would avoid this problem by bringing all of the food needed for the colonists or growing it in a completely separate habitat. Both of these options are more feasible, but require far larger shipments of supplies than Mars One’s organizers have planned.
Ironically, it’s more efficient to simply bring food to Mars than attempt to grow it, since the additional infrastructure for the plants will require far more replacement parts. Ultimately, supporting the first crew of four on Mars will require about 15 launches of a heavy rocket like SpaceX’s forthcoming Falcon Heavy , costing about $4.5 billion on their own.
Given that Mars One’s projected budget for the first crew—including launches, years of training, supplies, specially built space craft and habitats, ground control, communications technology and a Martian rover—is $6 billion, they’d better start thinking up new fundraising tactics, or hope the costs of space access drop dramatically in the next eight years.
Update: Bas Lansdorp, CEO and co-founder of Mars One, disputes this analysis, writing to say that “lack of time for support from us combined with their limited experience results in incorrect conclusions.” Lansdorp  believes that adapting medical oxygen concentrators will address atmosphere control issues and that the MIT researchers over-estimate the weight of their components, but was unable to share any other details about his Mars plan.
Share this:

Quartz Daily BriefAmericas editionElon Musks D  Icahns Apple letter  Lego dumps Shell  arboreal garlic injectiOctober 9, 2014
What to watch for today
Elon Musk unveils the D. The Tesla CEO  tweeted last week alluding to a new model in the electric-car company’s portfolio. Analysts say it could either be an all-wheel drive version of the Model S or a demo of Tesla’s self-driving vehicle research .
Carl Icahn sends Tim Cook an open letter. “ Believe it will be interesting ,” teased the activist investor, who owns over $4 billion in Apple stock.
The umbrella movement branches out. The three main Hong Kong pro-democracy protest groups will unveil an expanded civil disobedience campaign in their drive for universal suffrage, ahead of talks tomorrow  between the government and the Hong Kong Federation of Students.
How did a major Apple supplier go bankrupt? GT Advanced Technologies, which was supposed to produce sapphire screens for iPhones, will explain how  it ended up going bust  instead.
Data updates. US initial jobless claims are due , while the Bank of England will decide whether to  raise its benchmark interest rate , though that seems unlikely just yet (paywall).
While you were sleeping
Lego ditched its less-than-awesome Shell deal. The world’s biggest toy company said it will not renew an agreement to sell toys in Shell gas stations  after coming under pressure from a Greenpeace viral marketing campaign —but not before criticizing Greenpeace for creating “misunderstandings” about the way the company operates.
Another controversial police shooting in Missouri. Protesters gathered in St. Louis, about 30 miles from the town of Ferguson, after a white off-duty white police officer shot and killed a young black man on Wednesday night. A police spokesperson claimed the officer was returning fire after being shot at by the 18-year-old; relatives of Vonderrit Myers  insisted he was unarmed .
Even more woeful news for the German economy.  Exports fell 5.8% in August from the month before—the biggest drop since 2009—after rising 4.8% in July. Earlier this week factory orders and industrial production also fell sharply. The figures will increase pressure on chancellor Angela Merkel to focus more on promoting economic growth instead of emphasizing fiscal austerity.
Violence flared in Kashmir. Seventeen Indian and Pakistani civilians have been killed in some of the worst military clashes  between the two countries in a decade. Each side accuses the other of targeting civilians, thousands of whom have now fled to refugee camps that lack food and sanitation.
Brazil politics make strange bedfellows. The Brazilian Socialist Party, which failed to secure a place in the runoff elections later this month,  threw its weight behind pro-business challenger Aecio Neves  in his attempt to unseat incumbent president Dilma Rousseff.
Australian jobs took an unexpected dive. The number of employed people fell by 29,700 in September , compared with a Bloomberg survey that projected a rise of 15,500. The Australian Bureau of Statistics’ also revised the rise in August jobs sharply downwards, to 32,100 from a rather unbelievable 121,000 .
Quartz obsession interlude
Heather Timmons on the economic surprises of the Hong Kong protests. “Beijing’s ban on tour groups , put in place days after the protests started, was expected to hit tourism hard… Instead, the reverse seems to have happened. Tourist arrivals during the Golden Week were 1,159,952, the Hong Kong Tourism Board told Quartz—a 4.83% increase from last year’s Golden Week holiday, as mainland tourists poured into the city to shop , and in some cases check out the protests .” Read more here .
Matters of debate
People care more about a dog than Ebola victims. A euthanized Spanish pet drew more concern than thousands dying in Africa .
Flying cars would be noisy, ugly, and dangerous. And that’s coming from Elon Musk .
Amazon’s warehouse workers are modern-day coal miners. Security checks are  no different than spending time in a mine elevator .
Free will is at least partly an illusion. It can be easily  manipulated with brain implants .
Surprising discoveries
Tomato juice tastes better at altitude. But we choose to drink it on flights because of its novelty .
Google’s newest autonomous vehicle is a camel. Google Maps Street Views now include 360° shots of the Arabian desert  thanks to a dromedary named Raffia.

Ananth Kumar launches India Chem 2014 in MumbaiAnanth Kumar launches India Chem 2014 in Mumbai
GVK Hancock gets environmental clearance for its Queensland ProjectGVK Hancock gets environmental clearance for its Queensland Project
Prashanth Reddy Chintala | Hyderabad Oct 09, 2014 02:38 PM IST
After over six years of environmental assessments and detailed planning, GVK Hancock has been granted an Environmental Authority clearance for its Alpha Coal Project in the Galilee Basin of Central Queensland in Australia.
"This is one of the most significant milestones in the development of our Galilee Basin coal projects till date which will create one of the most remarkable pieces of regional and economic developments Queensland has seen for decades", founder chairman and managing director of the Hyderabad-based GVK group, GV Krishna Reddy, stated in a press release here on Thursday.
"This milestone takes us another step closer towards commencing our proposed Alpha mine, which will create around 4,000 jobs during its three year construction and more than 1,800 jobs over its 30 plus years of operation. We've invested tens of millions of dollars and thousands of man hours assessing, planning and engaging with communities to reach this stage", GVK vice chairman, G V Sanjay Reddy, stated.
With the environmental approval, GVK said that its key focus now would be to continue advancing the project to a point where construction could commence.
Once the infrastructure joint venture with Aurizon, an Australian rail freight company, was finalised and the regulatory bodies have addressed litigious challenges to approvals, GVK Hancock would execute coal off-take agreements before finalising all financing arrangements.
The proposed Alpha mine is stated to be having 1.2 billion tonnes of coal reserves and will be a full open cut mine producing around 32 million tonnes per annum for 30 years.

Radio City plans to double the number of its stations: CEOAjita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Last Updated: October 20, 2014  | 11:32 IST
Radio City CEO Apurva Purohit
Apurva Purohit, CEO of the Rs 250-odd crore FM radio company Radio City, is hoping to expand her network from the existing 20 cities to more than 40 cities in the upcoming Phase III radio license bidding. In a conversation with Business Today, Purohit says that after the Phase III bidding, which will make FM radio available in more than 250 cities and towns, advertisers won't be able to ignore the medium.
Excerpts:
Q. BIDDING FOR PHASE III RADIO LICENCE IS DUE TO HAPPEN ANY TIME. HOW WILL IT IMPACT THE RADIO INDUSTRY?
A. I am expecting M&As to take place as there will be all those single players or people who have licences for only two or three places but want to expand their regional presence in say Uttar Pradesh or Bihar. While all of us crib about Phase III taking time to happen, I think the good thing that the delay has resulted in is that it has given us all time to pay back our previous loans and put ourselves in a comfortable situation.
So, for example, last year we did 30 per cent EBITDA margin, one-and-a-half years ago we had paid back the entire loan we had taken for Phase II. So, we are a debt-free company, which means that the EBITDA is all cash profit.
We have been growing at a CAGR of 15 to 20 per cent in the last four-five years. So, suddenly there is enough money sitting in the bank. This is the case with not just Radio City, but three-four companies in the industry which are showing these kind of margins.
So, it gives a lot of confidence. Will the people who have not done radio before bid or buy over these single-station companies, that is anybody's guess.
Q. DOES THE RADIO INDUSTRY STILL COMMAND THE KIND OF EXCITEMENT IT DID A FEW YEARS AGO?
A. From a buying perspective it does. For somebody who wants to build a multimedia empire there aren't too many opportunities.
Q. THE RESERVE PRICES FOR PHASE III ARE KNOWN TO BE MUCH HIGHER THAN EARLIER. WILL IT NOT IMPACT PROFITABILITY?
A. When they were asking us to pay so much of reserve price, the question was will we get migrated to Phase III? (The FM radio licenses in the first phase were given out for 10 years and are due to expire.) What will be the cost of migration be? The last piece of news was that the government has accepted TRAI's (Telecom Regulatory Authority of India) migration plan. We will all get migrated to Phase III.
The amount we will be paying is 10 to 15 per cent higher than what we had budgeted.* Yes, the reserve prices are high. Prices in some cities are extremely high, but overall what we are going to pay for migration is not cheap, but reasonable from the point of view that you are getting 15 years extension. Our businesses in the current scheme can easily sustain the increase.
Q. HOW WILL LIFE CHANGE ONCE PHASE III IS ROLLED OUT?
A. All of us will be looking forward for expansion. We are planning to double the number of stations we have. So, clearly we are seeing not just geographical expansion but also more languages.
We are not present in Kerala, so more languages will come into our network and then, of course, there will be news that is going to be allowed, multiple frequencies will also be allowed. So, if we get a chance to get a second frequency in Mumbai, we could run it as a Marathi or an English channel.
The significant change will be geographic expansion. So, the moment it is available in 300-400 cities, FM will become a medium to contend with. Right now from a reach perspective, being available in 90 cities, we are still a niche medium.
Q. WHAT KIND OF AD REVENUE JUMP DO YOU EXPECT ONCE PHASE III KICKS OFF?
A. Radio has been the fastest-growing industry other than digital. But the base was tiny. So, I think the first two-three years will see an upward of 30-40 per cent growth because you are trebling the number of stations. The five per cent share of radio in the overall ad pie will move to 10 per cent.
Q. WOULD MORE NUMBER OF FREQUENCIES IMPLY SEGMENTATION OF CONTENT?
A. I don't think Phase III will result in any kind of segmentation. It will only happen when you have many more frequencies in one city. At present, Mumbai already has seven frequencies, an eighth player will come in. The eighth player is unlikely to go in for a niche offering, he will go in for a GEC (general entertainment channel) kind of offering.
It's only when there are 30-40 frequencies available in a city like Mumbai, and the larger players buy three or four frequencies, then they can think of creating bouquets. The Phase III story will be all about entering new geographies, while Phase IV will be all about segmentation.
Phase IV will be at least four-five years away. That's exactly the reason why we have invested heavily into offering segmented content in the online space.  We have 13 online stations which straddles from a spiritual channel to an independent music channel.
Q. DO YOU MONETISE YOUR ONLINE CHANNELS?
A. Yes, we do through advertising. But that will take some time, as you know most digital revenue to going to platforms such as Google. However, having said that, the start has been very good. Our non-terrestrial revenue is around 12 per cent.
Q. ISN'T ME-TOO CONTENT STILL A BIG CHALLENGE FOR YOU?
A. A GEC be it on TV or print continues to cover the same kind of content. Having said that, all of us have tried to build our own differentiations. We have built it through radio jockey profiles.
Right now as we speak, we are taking it to yet another level where, based on a lot of focus groups we have done across the country, we got insights on how consumers whether living in a city or town are looking at value adding to their lives in terms of personality development or knowledge. They want to interact with media which is not pure entertainment, but is also offering them some value addition. It could be some tips or news which they haven't heard before or some inspirational stories.
We have recently launched the City First Aap First campaign where the thought is that by interacting with Radio City, we will ensure that you are ahead of the pack.
* Apurva Purohit has clarified that she meant the migration fee that Radio City would be paying is 10 to 15 per cent higher than what it had budgeted and not 10 to 15 per cent of what was budgeted. The copy has been changed to reflect this.

HTC will consolidate in mid-segment before next Sub-Rs 10 000 smartphone launch:CFOPrint
HTC is expected to announce the RE camera in Mumbai next week. (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New York | Posted: October 9, 2014 4:11 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 8:36 pm
HTC will continue to consolidate its growth in the mid-range smartphone segment in India before bringing in a value device in the sub-Rs 10,000 category by the end of this year, said Chia-Lin Chang, President of Global Sales and Chief Financial Officer of HTC Corporation.
Speaking to select mediapersons soon after the launch of the HTC Desire EYE smartphone with dual 13MP cameras and the new HTC RE handheld camera, Chang said the importance of the Indian market for the Taiwanese smartphone maker can be fathomed by the fact that it is the only makret where he personally lauches new devices. HTC is expected to announce the RE camera, a new product category for the company, in Mumbai next week along with the HTC Desire 820, which will come with the Eye camera software update.
Chang said he company was near a 5 per cent market share in the Indian smartphone market and on part to achieve its goal of 10 per cent by 2015. “Everyone of our product is designed with the Indian consumer in market, while some are tailor-made for India and then taken to other markets,” he said. “I don’t think it is difficult to achieve our targets as we understand that the Indian consumer likes the HTC design and premium feel. In fact, our mid-range Desire 816 is selling better than the entry-level HTC Desire 210.” he said, adding that they will continue to play strong in the Rs 10,000 to Rs 30,000 segment.
“We will participate in the sub-Rs 10,000 segment but will not go very low. We don’t want to create something that is not a good experience,” he said, adding that a phone in this segment can be expected from the company in the coming months. “We will focus on the brand promise and will not be just about about design or hardware. We also want to ensure that our price stability is maintained so that a person investing in our phones sees the value.”
Chang also hinted that HTC would be part of the tablet market soon. There are rumours that HTC is working on a 9-inch Nexus tablet with Google.
Meanwhile, HTC chairwoman Cher Wang reiterated that entering new product categories does not mean the company was moving away from smartphones. “The smartphone will be the hub that enables the smart self,” she said. But there is a clear indication that HTC is looking at other segments like wearables with the CEO Peter Chou saying that the RE camera was just the beginning.
The author is in New York on the invite of HTC.

India manufacturing  services growth lags China in Sep:HSBCPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 4:04 pm
Manufacturing and services sectors growth in India was at a slower pace than China in September, even as emerging market output touched an 18 month high in the same month, a report by HSBC said today.
The HSBC Emerging Markets Index (EMI), a monthly indicator derived from Purchasing Managers’ Index surveys, stood at 52.5 in September, higher from 52.4 in August.
Moreover, on a quarterly basis the EMI averaged 52.2 in Q3, the best since the first quarter of 2013.
“The September PMI surveys found welcome signs of a renewed upturn in emerging market economies gaining traction, with business activity growing at the fastest rate for a year-and-a-half,” Markit Chief Economist, Chris Williamson said.
During July, the HSBC composite index for India, which maps both manufacturing and services, stood at 51.8, whereas for China it was 52.3, Brazil (50.6) and Russia (50.9). An index measure of above 50 indicates expansion.
“The third quarter saw growth in China and India rise to the fastest since early-2013, and Brazil is showing signs of lifting out of its recession,” Williamson said.
Latest data signalled that services activity rose at a stronger rate than manufacturing output for the second month running. This was driven by the trend in China, as services activity in Brazil, India and Russia rose at either weak or marginal rates.
“Growth eased in India in September. The average PMI reading in the third quarter was the highest for a year-and-a-half, pointing to a further acceleration of annual GDP growth from the 5.7 per cent pace seen in the second quarter,” Williamson added.
Meanwhile, outlook for global emerging markets remained relatively weak in September. The HSBC Emerging Markets Future Output Index tracks firms’ expectations for activity in 12 months’ time, and was little-changed from August’s three-month low at the end of the third quarter.
 

Army closely monitoring stone-pelting incidents  presence of ISflagPress Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: October 9, 2014 3:56 pm
In the wake of stone-pelting incidents and alleged presence of Islamic State (IS) flag during a rally here, Army on Thursday said it is closely monitoring the situation and the issue was getting the highest concern of all security agencies.
“Certainly, we are watching and closely monitoring the situation as it were. As per my inputs, there was one incident of the kind that you refer to that of the (IS) flag. We are watching the situation as this is something which merits the highest concern of all security agencies and let me tell you that it is getting the attention of all the security agencies,” General Officer Commanding (GoC) of the Army’s Srinagar-based 15 Corps, Lt Gen Subrata Saha said.
Lt Gen Saha said the stone-pelting incidents on the choppers involved in rescue and relief operations during the floods last month were “isolated” and driven by “angst” among the people.
“Those were isolated incidents. Isolated incidents of, I would say, angst rather than anger… because it is driven by a complex web of uncertainties in their mind which transitions from having to worry about food, medicines, education for children, their own livelihood, their money, so on and so forth,” he said.
The army commander said such incidents were dealt in a befitting manner under the prevalent circumstances.
“They were isolated incidents and we have dealt with them in a manner which was befitting to the circumstances of that kind,” he said.
Lt Gen Saha rejected the reports of militants carrying out rescue operations in south Kashmir during the floods saying, “we have no such reports whatsoever”.

Sensex ends 390 pts up; 5 reasons why today s rally is sustainableYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends 390 points up; top 5 reasons why today's rally is sustainable
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 03.50PM IST
(All the sectoral indices…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty bounced back after three days of decline and closed above 7,950 as sentiment turned bullish in global markets as the US Federal Reserve's indicated interest rates will not be hiked earlier than expected.
The Sensex ended the day at 26,637.28; up 390.49 points.
The Nifty shut shop at 7,960.55; up 117.85 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index rallied 1.82 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index surged 1.54 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 3.01 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex was 2.41 per cent higher, the S&P BSE Power Index advanced 2.25 per cent and the S&P BSE Metal Index advanced 1.76 per cent.
BHEL (up 8.16 per cent), Hindalco (up 5.51 per cent), Zee Entertainment (up 5.10 per cent), Ambuja Cements (up 3.89 per cent) and Punjab National Bank (up 3.33 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Tech Mahindra (2.55 per cent), Jindal Steel (0.60 per cent), NMDC (0.56 per cent), NTPC (0.49 per cent) and Wipro (0.48 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 923 gainers against 217 losers.
(All figures except for Sensex and Nifty are provisional)
Market analysts say looking at today's gains, it appears the pull-back move may last in the near term.
Following are five reasons why today's rally could be sustainable, at least in the near term:
Dovish stance of the US Fed: The US Federal Reserve officials today stressed that the interest rates hike will take some time. According to analysts, the US Federal Reserv''s comments appear to be dovish.
According to reports, officials at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting were wary of strengthening dollar amid weak eurozone, slowdown in China and Japan and elevated geopolitical risks.
'Easy money' has been entering the Indian markets due to low interest rates in the US. This trend saw a reversal following the indication of a rate hike.
It appears that as long as low interest rates continue, inflows will continue in the India. "It certainly helps the sentiment of the markets. The Fed has used every opportunity to change the rules and they would like to keep the rates low for as long as possible. But they also have to remember that the composition of the FOMC in 2015 will be a lot more dovish than it was this year. There will be a few changes there. So the first interest rate hike will come later rather than sooner," said Hans Goetti, Head of Investment-Asia, Banque Internationale a Luxembourg (BIL) to ET Now.
Sharp decline in crude oil prices: A sharp spike in the US dollar index has led to a sharp correction in the global commodity prices. Crude oil is in a bear market and fell to a 27-month low due to a strong dollar. This is a positive for the Indian economy. India's major import is crude oil prices.
Lower crude oil prices not only help in improving India's current account deficit, but at the same time take care of subsidy burden on oil marketing and fertilizers companies. It also helps in taming inflation and bringing in RBI's target range.
"The recent fall in global commodity prices provides an opportunity to contain inflationary expectations. The fall in the crude prices is a silver lining for the Indian markets in terms of reducing oil subsidies and import bill," said Dipen Shah Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Other metal commodities have also declined recently on concerns of a slowdown in China. This is likely to help Indian manufacturing companies as it will lower their raw material costs.
Stable Indian rupee: The US dollar has appreciated by almost 10 per cent against the Euro, 7.5 per cent against the Japanese Yen and 5 per cent + against Pound in the last five months.
Yet, the Indian rupee has shown quite a bit of resilience and has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent in the same period.
"Oil prices have dropped by nearly 15 per cent whereas the rupee has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent, giving a huge cost saving of nearly 12.5 per cent on the largest import bill for the country," said Sachin Shah- Fund Manager, Emkay Investment Managers.
Pre-emptive steps by the central bank have helped the Indian currency from a steep fall. There have been reports of RBI's intervention to prevent the rupee from slipping below 62 per dollar. According to analysts, it looks unlikely that the rupee will fall below 63 per dollar till next financial year.
IMF forecasts higher GDP growth for India: The International Monetary Fund has cut global growth forecast and that for emerging market economies as a whole. The IMF expects global economy to grow by 3.8 per cent next year, lower than its July forecast of 4 per cent. However, IMF has raised India's growth forecast to 5.6 per cent for 2014 from 5.4 per cent earlier.

No plans to monetise WhatsApp as of now: Zuc...Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Facebook Inc, which closed its acquisition of mobile messaging service WhatsApp on Monday, has no near-term plan to make money from the service, Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said on Thursday.
Zuckerberg, who is visiting India to participate in an event to boost Internet usage, did not give details.
Facebook's final WhatsApp acquisition price tag has risen an additional $3 billion to roughly $22 billion because of the increased value of Facebook's stock in recent months.
WhatsApp works across different types of phones, across borders, and without advertising. The app only charges a 99 cent annual subscription fee, which is waived for the first year.

Sensex ends 390 points up; top 5 reasons this rally is sustainableYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends 390 points up; top 5 reasons why today's rally is sustainable
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 03.50PM IST
(All the sectoral indices…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty bounced back after three days of decline and closed above 7,950 as sentiment turned bullish in global markets as the US Federal Reserve's indicated interest rates will not be hiked earlier than expected.
The Sensex ended the day at 26,637.28; up 390.49 points.
The Nifty shut shop at 7,960.55; up 117.85 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index rallied 1.82 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index surged 1.54 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 3.01 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex was 2.41 per cent higher, the S&P BSE Power Index advanced 2.25 per cent and the S&P BSE Metal Index advanced 1.76 per cent.
BHEL (up 8.16 per cent), Hindalco (up 5.51 per cent), Zee Entertainment (up 5.10 per cent), Ambuja Cements (up 3.89 per cent) and Punjab National Bank (up 3.33 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Tech Mahindra (2.55 per cent), Jindal Steel (0.60 per cent), NMDC (0.56 per cent), NTPC (0.49 per cent) and Wipro (0.48 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 923 gainers against 217 losers.
(All figures except for Sensex and Nifty are provisional)
Market analysts say looking at today's gains, it appears the pull-back move may last in the near term.
Following are five reasons why today's rally could be sustainable, at least in the near term:
Dovish stance of the US Fed: The US Federal Reserve officials today stressed that the interest rates hike will take some time. According to analysts, the US Federal Reserv''s comments appear to be dovish.
According to reports, officials at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting were wary of strengthening dollar amid weak eurozone, slowdown in China and Japan and elevated geopolitical risks.
'Easy money' has been entering the Indian markets due to low interest rates in the US. This trend saw a reversal following the indication of a rate hike.
It appears that as long as low interest rates continue, inflows will continue in the India. "It certainly helps the sentiment of the markets. The Fed has used every opportunity to change the rules and they would like to keep the rates low for as long as possible. But they also have to remember that the composition of the FOMC in 2015 will be a lot more dovish than it was this year. There will be a few changes there. So the first interest rate hike will come later rather than sooner," said Hans Goetti, Head of Investment-Asia, Banque Internationale a Luxembourg (BIL) to ET Now.
Sharp decline in crude oil prices: A sharp spike in the US dollar index has led to a sharp correction in the global commodity prices. Crude oil is in a bear market and fell to a 27-month low due to a strong dollar. This is a positive for the Indian economy. India's major import is crude oil prices.
Lower crude oil prices not only help in improving India's current account deficit, but at the same time take care of subsidy burden on oil marketing and fertilizers companies. It also helps in taming inflation and bringing in RBI's target range.
"The recent fall in global commodity prices provides an opportunity to contain inflationary expectations. The fall in the crude prices is a silver lining for the Indian markets in terms of reducing oil subsidies and import bill," said Dipen Shah Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Other metal commodities have also declined recently on concerns of a slowdown in China. This is likely to help Indian manufacturing companies as it will lower their raw material costs.
Stable Indian rupee: The US dollar has appreciated by almost 10 per cent against the Euro, 7.5 per cent against the Japanese Yen and 5 per cent + against Pound in the last five months.
Yet, the Indian rupee has shown quite a bit of resilience and has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent in the same period.
"Oil prices have dropped by nearly 15 per cent whereas the rupee has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent, giving a huge cost saving of nearly 12.5 per cent on the largest import bill for the country," said Sachin Shah- Fund Manager, Emkay Investment Managers.
Pre-emptive steps by the central bank have helped the Indian currency from a steep fall. There have been reports of RBI's intervention to prevent the rupee from slipping below 62 per dollar. According to analysts, it looks unlikely that the rupee will fall below 63 per dollar till next financial year.
IMF forecasts higher GDP growth for India: The International Monetary Fund has cut global growth forecast and that for emerging market economies as a whole. The IMF expects global economy to grow by 3.8 per cent next year, lower than its July forecast of 4 per cent. However, IMF has raised India's growth forecast to 5.6 per cent for 2014 from 5.4 per cent earlier.

Pick mid- and small-cap stocks to make money: experts; top stocks to bet onBSE sensex
(The small and midcap stocks…)
NEW DELHI: Mid and small cap stocks have always caught the traders' fancy in the past and the year 2014 is no different. This is evident from the fact that both the BSE Mid and the Small cap index have outperformed the BSE Sensex so far in the year.
The small and midcap stocks have given stellar returns to investors in the last eight months, but further outperformance will depend on earnings growth as the valuations of most companies have exceeded fundamentals.
When it comes down to high extraordinary returns in a quick time - small and midcap stocks have always been leaders of the pack and vice-versa in case the trend heads southwards.
However, quality stocks will still remain winners and analysts are advising to focus on quality rather than quantity, considering the fact that most stocks have already rallied a lot.
"People would just casually buy stocks at this point of time after such a huge rise. They have to be very selective. It is a stock-picker's paradise even today and I am a strong believer of that," said Porinju Veliyath, MD & Portfolio Manager, Equity Intelligence India.
"I am convinced that the value is lying in the midcap and the small cap segment. See the kind of blue chips, people invested in Hindustan Levers and ITCs of the world. They are not making much money if you see in the last one year," he added.
Veliyath is of the view that there is huge money yet to be made in spite of the big rise and one thing that investors have to bear in mind is that there is a significant difference between a good company and a good stock.
The broader markets got a fresh lease of life in anticipation of a strong rebound in economy. Most of the midcap stocks have been languishing after the market crash of 2008.
The valuations of most companies have surged while the earnings are yet to catch up. In case the earnings disappoint this quarter as well, there might be some pressure in the richly-valued stocks.
It is all about picking the right stocks with professional management, consistent growth rate, stable margins and comfortable debt levels.
Most of the companies which have faced selling pressure are among those with considerable debt on books, say analysts, and investors should look for companies based on bottom up approach.
As defined by Investopedia, the bottom-up approach assumes that individual companies can do well even in an industry that is not performing very well.
"The rally, which was triggered by the euphoria because of change in government, is over. Now the market will consolidate and look for real action on the policy front as well as on the earnings and demand front," said Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL Group.
"Now the rally will be driven more by bottom-up stock picking, actual policy and actual implementation of the projects," he added.
We have collated a list of top midcap investment ideas from different analysts as well as brokerage firms:
Porinju Veliyath, MD & Portfolio Manager, Equity Intelligence India
Link Pen was my personal investment. India has got a huge advantage over China in making pens, and pen continues to be a very important segment, even though it is small.
NIIT Ltd is a stock I have recently acquired in our portfolio. It is a turnaround story and this has been ignored in the last few years. Of course it is a very big brand name, the management is very professional and their new offering in the corporate learning segment is really picking up.
Swelect Energy is sitting on a huge cash of around Rs 550 crore from last year. So basically they have the cash and the company was available at Rs 130 crore and they are venturing into a very attractive and futuristic business of solar energy and management. The stock can become a multibagger from these levels, depending on how the solar industry in India progresses.
Elara Securities:
Navneet Publication: Consistent growth to deliver better valuations
Navneet Publication should witness steady topline growth driven by syllabus changes, healthy traction in the newly-started CBSE textbooks and export orders. We expect an 18 per cent YoY revenue growth to Rs 1.7bn. The management is confident of 18 per cent growth over the next 2-3 years, owing to the syllabus change schedule until FY16-17, CBSE business and likely launch in other states.
Despite the recent run up, the brokerage firm believes that the stock is still priced attractively at just 13.3x FY16E earnings, given its asset-light balance sheet, consistent FCF and robust 25%-plus return ratios.
 
Entertainment Network - Moderate growth; Awaiting Phase III
Entertainment Network India has reached high capacity utilization levels of over 90 per cent. The brokerage firm expects the company to report healthy 13 per cent revenue growth, driven by higher volume and better yield.
Tree House Education - Continues on a growth spree

Will the rally holdwill the rally hold
Gap Chairman and CEO Murphy stepping down... 
ANNE D'INNOCENZIO | October 9, 2014 06:55 AM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — Gap said late Wednesday that Glenn Murphy will resign as its chairman and chief executive on Feb. 1, and the retailer will promote its digital leader Art Peck to CEO.
The San Francisco company, which operates Gap, Old Navy and Banana Republic, said Wednesday that Murphy's resignation coincides with the end of its current fiscal year. He has been Gap's chairman and CEO since July 2007 and oversaw a turnaround that has lost steam in recent months.
Since joining Gap in 2005, Peck has been involved in a variety of operational roles and served as the president of Gap's outlet division and the namesake brand's North America division. But his most recent role has been overseeing new innovations that cater to shoppers jumping back and forth from their smartphone to the store.
Gap shares fell in after-hours trading on the news. The company also announced weak sales for September.
During a conference call with analysts following the announcement, Murphy said he made a personal decision to retire because he couldn't commit to be at the helm for the next several years. He believes that Peck is the right successor.
"I think this is a good day at Gap. The best of this business is ahead of it," Murphy said. "This is a future CEO who knows our culture."
Peck, the president of its growth, innovation and digital division, will also join the board of directors. The company said that the board looked at number of outside candidates but Peck quickly rose to the top of the list.
Bob Fisher, whose parents founded the retail chain, will become non-executive chairman.
After several years of losing its way, Gap started a turnaround in early 2012 by stepping up its marketing and offering trendier merchandise. Under Murphy's stewardship, Gap has been expanding outside the U.S., and said earlier this year it wants to triple its sales in China in three years as it opens more stores there. But in recent months, the company's business, particularly the Gap brand, has seen sales slow down as some of the hot trends like brightly colored jeans have lost their fizzle.
Gap's announcement of new leadership is the latest in a string of changes at the C-suite at a number of big retailers. Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world largest retailer, named Greg Foran as its new CEO of its U.S. discount division in July. He started his new job in early August.  Wal-Mart's new CEO of its overall business Doug McMillon succeeded Mike Duke in February. There also have been recent changes in leadership at Home Depot and Target Corp., to name a few.
The changes come as retailers are wrestling with broader issues, namely a still slowly-recovering economy that is making shoppers remain frugal. But retailers are also grappling with the dramatic shift among consumers to online.  As a result, Gap and others are trying to meld their online business with physical stores as shoppers' purchases are influenced by the Web and mobile devices.
Under Peck, Gap started testing a program last year that lets customers reserve merchandise online and then pick it up at the store within 24 hours. During the conference call, he said he would continue strategies including expanding the company's business globally that his predecessor has put in place. But he declined to talk about what his own imprint will be.
"I steadfastly believe in stores. I steadfastly believe in digital," Peck said. But when the two come together, they create big opportunities, he added.
Gap's monthly sales report underscores the challenges Peck faces. Gap's total revenue rose 1 percent to $1.48 billion. Sales at stores open at least a year were unchanged, as the company reported lower revenue for the Gap brand and better results at its Banana Republic and Old Navy divisions. It said that weak sales are hurting its profit margins.
In a press release, Murphy said the month was "more challenging than we expected."
Sales at stores open at least a year are considered an important measurement of retailer health because they leave out results from stores that have opened or closed within the last year.
John Morris, analyst at BMO Capital Markets Group, praised Peck in a note to clients on Wednesday, but he did voice concern about Peck's lack of direct CEO experience. "Bottom line, we believe it may take some time to get the product back on track at the core Gap brand, perhaps more than a year."
Gap Inc. shares dropped 8.7 percent, or $3.65, to $38.25 in aftermarket trading. Shares closed up nearly $2, or 70 cents to $41.90 in regular trading.
_____
Follow Anne D'Innocenzio at http://www.Twitter.com/adinnocenzio

Three ways to get kids to exercise without gym classEducational exercise in Ward Elementary School's "Read and Ride" program.(Image via Scott Ertl)
SHARE
Sonali Kohli @Sonali_Kohli
October 9, 2014
There have been plenty of studies to suggest that exercising is good for children— the latest, published in the journal Pediatrics , tested the effects of an after-school physical activity program on 109 8- and 9-year-olds, and found that the exercise helped not only their physical health but also their brain function and ability to focus.
But despite the benefits of activity for both brain and body, many students in the US are getting  less recess time or physical education classes , largely a casualty of widespread budget cuts in many public schools.
To combat inactivity, some schools are fitting in exercise in surprising places:
Bike culture comes to the classroom
A light bulb went off for Ward Elementary School counselor Scott Ertl when he was working out at a local gym, and he found himself reading while riding a stationary bike—he realized students might benefit from it too, Ertl tells Quartz. So he started a “read and ride” program at the North Carolina school five years ago, collecting used and donated stationary bicycles and allowing students to take time during the day to pedal and read.
Since then, Ertl has filled an empty classroom with 30 stationary bikes, which homeroom teachers can reserve for their students to do independent reading as a bonus activity. The students don’t actually participate in classroom discussions or take tests while pedaling, but Ertl says it serves as an outlet for restless kids to release their energy, and it allows the children who don’t enjoy PE classes to be active without having to compete with their peers.
At least one other school, Russell D. Jones Elementary in Arkansas, adopted the idea after Ertl introduced it. Physical education teacher Lowell Ratzlaff, who has overseen the program there for three years, tells Quartz that students can use the bikes to read books that are part of the school’s accelerated reading program.
Standing desks aren’t just for the office
The standing-desk trend has proliferated in offices in the past few years as a way to combat the negative effects of sitting all day (although it turns out that standing all day  has some drawbacks ). Texas A&M associate professor Mark Benden has  conducted a number of studies to measure the effect of standing desks on elementary and middle school students.
He found that kids at standing desks (there are stools, so the students can sit when they want to) burned between 15% to 25% more calories during the school day than the ones who remained sitting, and he is currently conducting a study on high school students to test whether there’s a 24-hour improvement in health, as opposed to just a daytime effect.
A morning constitutional
Wildwood Elementary School in Amherst, Massachusetts, found the most simple way to get kids moving— a morning walk . Students who arrive early on the bus walk around the building for 10 or 15 minutes every morning, principal Nick Yaffe tells Quartz. There are teachers posted around the school to oversee the morning walk, and a stretch in the back of the school where they can run if they prefer.
Other students just walk and talk, either to their friends or to students in different grades. When the temperature drops below 20 degrees Fahrenheit, the walk moves inside.
Share this:

PM asks states to grab $100 bn investmentPM asks states to grab $100 bn investment
Hindalco surges as Alcoa beats earnings estimatesHindalco surges as Alcoa beats earnings estimates
Sensex zooms 390 points to snap 3-day losing streakSensex zooms 390 points to snap 3-day losing streak
Emerging-market assets get respite as dollar pulls backEmerging-market assets get respite as dollar pulls back
Banking shares surges ~9%; BSE Bankex up 2%Banking shares surges ~9%; BSE Bankex up 2%
Taneja Aerospace: Outcome of board meetingTaneja Aerospace: Outcome of board meeting
IDBI Bank nominates Dilip Kumar Mandal on GTL boardOct 09, 2014, 04.20 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IDBI Bank nominates Dilip Kumar Mandal on GTL board
GTL Ltd has informed BSE that as a part of routine lenders' nomination process, IDBI Bank Limited has nominated Mr. Dilip Kumar Mandal - Chief General Manager (RBG) as a Director on the Company’s Board in place of its earlier Nominee, Mr. Ajay Kumar Sharma - Chief General Manager. The said change is effective October 01, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IDBI Bank nominates Dilip Kumar Mandal on GTL board
GTL Ltd has informed BSE that as a part of routine lenders' nomination process, IDBI Bank Limited has nominated Mr. Dilip Kumar Mandal - Chief General Manager (RBG) as a Director on the Company’s Board in place of its earlier Nominee, Mr. Ajay Kumar Sharma - Chief General Manager. The said change is effective October 01, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
GTL Ltd has informed BSE that as a part of routine lenders' nomination process, IDBI Bank Limited has nominated Mr. Dilip Kumar Mandal - Chief General Manager (RBG) as a Director on the Company’s Board in place of its earlier Nominee, Mr. Ajay Kumar Sharma - Chief General Manager. The said change is effective October 01, 2014.Source : BSE

Hotel Rugby appoints directorsOct 09, 2014, 04.19 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hotel Rugby appoints directors
Hotel Rugby Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Dinesh Lalbhai Patel & Mr. Ashok Manilal Kadakia have been appointed as an Independent Directors to hold office for a term of five consecutive years w.e.f. September 30, 2014 in terms of provisions of sections 149, 150, 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made there under.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hotel Rugby appoints directors
Hotel Rugby Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Dinesh Lalbhai Patel & Mr. Ashok Manilal Kadakia have been appointed as an Independent Directors to hold office for a term of five consecutive years w.e.f. September 30, 2014 in terms of provisions of sections 149, 150, 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made there under.
Post your opinion here
 
Hotel Rugby Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Dinesh Lalbhai Patel & Mr. Ashok Manilal Kadakia have been appointed as an Independent Directors to hold office for a term of five consecutive years w.e.f. September 30, 2014 in terms of provisions of sections 149, 150, 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made there under.Source : BSE

GCM Capital Advisors appoints Supratim Roychowdhury as CFOOct 09, 2014, 04.18 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GCM Capital Advisors appoints Supratim Roychowdhury as CFO
GCM Capital Advisors Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has appointed Mr. Supratim Roychowdhury, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company with effect from September 30, 2014. Also Mr. Samir Baid has been appointed as the Managing Director in place of Mr. Manish Baid with effect from September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GCM Capital Advisors appoints Supratim Roychowdhury as CFO
GCM Capital Advisors Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has appointed Mr. Supratim Roychowdhury, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company with effect from September 30, 2014. Also Mr. Samir Baid has been appointed as the Managing Director in place of Mr. Manish Baid with effect from September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
GCM Capital Advisors Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has appointed Mr. Supratim Roychowdhury, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company with effect from September 30, 2014. Also Mr. Samir Baid has been appointed as the Managing Director in place of Mr. Manish Baid with effect from September 30, 2014.Source : BSE

Indian Railways clocks 12% growth in H1 FY15Indian Railways clocks 12% growth in H1 FY15
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, October 9:  
Indian Railways has earned a total revenue of Rs 73,403.67 crore for the first half of FY15 as against Rs 65,525.85 crore booked during H1FY14 an increase of 12.02 per cent, said an earnings update from the Railway Board.
Earnings from freight rose 10.44 per cent from Rs 44,162.15 crore in H1FY14 to Rs 48,771.58 crore for H1FY15 while passenger earnings grew at 16.46 per cent over last year’s H1 to log in revenue of Rs 21,079.09 crore (Rs 18,099.80 crore in H1FY14).
Earnings from other coaching grew at seven per cent from Rs 1,850.17 crore to Rs 1,979.91 crore during the same period.
Number of passengers saw a marginal dip of 0.06 per cent from 4255.81 million to 4253.32 million. While suburban traffic logged in a rise of 1.65 per cent from 2273.42 million in H1FY14 to 2310.97 million passengers during the first half of FY15, number of passengers using long distance trains decreased 2.02 per cent from 1982.39 million in H1FY14 to 1942.35 million in H1FY15.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Medicare  Social Security Funds to Last Into 2030smedicare  social security funds to last into 2030s
KAREN BLEIER / AFP/Getty Imageskaren bleier / afp/getty images
Here s How to Spend Less on Auto InsuranceHere's how to spend less on auto insurance
Michael Strong, The Detroit Bureau
Sep. 24, 2014 at 8:14 AM ET
Email
Many Americans will drive a few miles out of their way to save a couple of  cents on a gallon of gas and fastidiously check the air pressure in their tires  to improve mileage and save a buck or two. But many fail to take advantage of a  simple way to save money: raising the deductible on their car insurance from  $500 to $1,000.
Car owners save an average of 9 percent on their premiums by making that  change, according to a new report by insuranceQuotes.com. Savings jump an  average 16 percent for drivers who change their deductible from $500 to $2,000.  
The changes do, however, vary by state: Massachusetts gives the biggest break  (19 percent) for drivers upping their premium by $500, while Michigan provides  the smallest cut (4 percent).
Gerald Herbert / ASSOCIATED PRESS
Many Americans will drive a few miles out of their way to save a couple of cents on a gallon of gas but many fail to take advantage of a simple way to save money.
"It's very interesting to see that in some states raising your deductible  gives you a huge savings and in others it barely moves the needle," said Laura  Adams, senior analyst at insuranceQuotes.com.
"In some states, you can save hundreds of dollars each year by signing up for  a higher deductible, but in others, the reward is so small that it doesn't make  sense to risk the higher deductible. This is a good reminder that doing a little  research and knowing what's available to you can really pay off in the long  run." 
Other states providing decent rate drops include South Dakota at 14 percent,  and Kansas, Wyoming and Iowa at 13 percent. Running with Michigan at the bottom  of the list are Florida, with just 5 percent savings, and Louisiana, North  Carolina and Nevada at 6 percent. 
Michigan's ranking isn't much of a surprise given the state has one of the  average highest insurance premiums in the country.
"Michigan is the only state where car insurance includes unlimited personal  injury protection," Adams said. "Also, Detroit has a very high percentage of  uninsured motorists—as high as 50 percent by some estimates. That unfortunately  raises rates for those who do have car insurance."
Detroit drivers pay 165 percent more than the average driver in the U.S.—the  highest rate in the nation, according to the website NerdWallet.com. 
More from The Detroit Bureau:

Recreating the eternal romanceUpdated: September 25, 2014 18:52 IST
Recreating the eternal romance
The Hindu Nirmala Paniker (left) and dancers of Natanakaisiki, Sandra and Parvathy rehearsing for their Mohiniyattam Saptham performance based on Geethagovindam
The Hindu Mohiniyattam exponent Nirmala Paniker
TOPICS
mohiniattam
Mohiniyattam exponent Nirmala Paniker presents Geethagovindam as a Mohiniyattam Saptham at Irinjalakuda on October 5.
Poet Jayadeva’s amorous ditties have set many a heart aflutter with their evocative and romantic lyrics. Over a thousand years, in remote villages of India, as well as before august gatherings, the love story of Krishna and Radha has been told and retold. This is no ordinary love story. It transcends the temporal and the corporeal.
Geethagovindam is understood to be an allegorical account of the yearning of the Jeevatma for the Paramatma. All art forms in India revel in the depiction of this well-known tale. Nirmala Paniker and her team at Natanakaisiki, Irinjalakuda, are all set to portray this popular story again, this time in the form of a Mohiniyattam Saptham. This concluding item of a Mohiniyattam recital tells a story and gives a lot of scope to the artistes to innovate.
Nirmala, an erudite researcher, by serendipitous chance, came across a 200-year-old manuscript called ‘Geethagovindam Nrithyalakshanasahitham’ at the Sarbhoji Mahal Library in Thanjavur. This is essentially an acting manual that details the acting style of Geethagovindam. This treatise includes the use of hand gestures sourced from other ancient scripts such as Natyashastra and Natyamanorama.
Based on her research, Nirmala amalgamated the ancient and contemporary techniques to choreograph this Saptham.
The first Ashtapadi of Geethagovindam has been used for this Saptham. The story of the ‘Dasavatharam’ has been portrayed. The Saptham begins with a song appropriate to the background of the Geethagovindam.
Goddess Karthyayini is being worshipped on the banks of the river Kalindi when Nandagopar arrives with the little Krishna. Goddess worship is associated with the worship of Mother Nature who nourishes each creature and leads it to the fulfilment of its existence, that is, Moksha or the divine being. In the recital, Radha’s identity is overlaid with that of Mother Nature.
In the Saptham, the depiction of the Rasaleela is underpinned with the symbolism of the union of the Jeevatma and the Paramatma. All created beings emanate from the One and their intense desire to achieve this essential unity is the basis for the yearning that Radha has for Krishna.
The debut performance of this Saptham will be at Madhava Natya Bhumi (Ammanur Gurukulam, Irinjalakuda) on October 5 at 4 p.m. The Saptham has been choreographed by Nirmala. This venture is supported by the Ministry of Culture, Government of India.

Matt Cardy / Getty ImagesPaying college tuition with a credit card can be costly
Herb Weisbaum NBC News contributor
Oct. 6, 2014 at 9:56 AM ET
Many families are forced to get creative to pay the staggering cost of college. About 3 percent of parents and 3 percent of students now use a credit card to cover some of the tuition bill, according to Sallie Mae.
"Convenience fees" make that a bad idea for many people.
Joe Raedle / Getty Images
A new survey shows that many colleges and universities that accept credit cards for tuition payments also charge a "convenience fee," which can end up being costly.
“It doesn’t make sense to pay your tuition with a credit card, if you’re charged a convenience fee,” said Matt Schulz, a senior analyst at CreditCards.com.  A new survey of the 100 largest public, private and community colleges by the website shows the average convenience fee for paying tuition with a credit card is 2.62 percent. That would be a $262 fee for every $10,000 charged.  The highest fee was 2.99 percent. “Even if you avoid interest by paying the bill promptly, the convenience fees outweigh the potential benefits of almost all credit card rewards programs,” Schulz said.
CreditCards.com found that 87 percent of the 300 colleges and universities surveyed accept credit cards for tuition payments for some students. Of those, 12 percent of community colleges charge  a convenience fee. That climbs to 90 percent of public universities and 69 percent of the private institutions that accept credit card payments.
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on  Facebook  and  Twitter  or visit  The ConsumerMan  website.
Tags:

Amazon Tax Scheme Being InvestigatedAmazon Tax Scheme Being Investigated By EU
 | By                                                                By JUERGEN BAETZ
reddit
BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union is broadening its crackdown on multinationals' tax avoidance schemes, opening Tuesday an investigation into Amazon's practices on suspicion the online retailer is not paying its dues on profits made across the 28-nation bloc.
The probe adds another high-profile name to the list of companies targeted by the EU, which is already investigating Apple Inc., coffee chain Starbucks and the financial arm of carmaker Fiat.
The EU's executive Commission is trying to curb companies' ability to avoid taxes by shifting profits made across the bloc to a subsidiary in one particular country where the company enjoys a very low tax rate.
In Amazon's case, the company registers its profits from across the EU at its unit in Luxembourg, a tiny country whose economy depends on attracting foreign capital. Amazon's taxable profits in Luxembourg are further reduced by making royalty payments to another Luxembourg-based Amazon entity that is not subject to corporate taxation.
The result is that not only does Amazon pay little tax in many EU countries where it operates, but also that its effective tax rate in Luxembourg is particularly low.
"As a result, most European profits of Amazon are recorded in Luxembourg but are not taxed in Luxembourg," said the EU Commission, without providing figures.
About 40 percent of Amazon's revenue is generated outside the U.S. — about $30 billion — but the company declined to say how much of that is from Europe.
In particular, the Commission is looking at whether a tax deal Amazon struck with the government of Luxembourg in 2003 is illegal under EU law and distorts competition.
If the bloc's executive Commission were to rule against Amazon in the coming months, the Seattle, Washington-based company would likely have to repay taxes for its European operations, its biggest overseas market.
EU Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia says the EU suspects the royalty payments between Amazon's units in Luxembourg are not in line with fair market rules and are exaggerated with the intention of avoiding tax.
"National authorities must not allow selected companies to understate their taxable profits by using favorable calculation methods," Almunia said.
Several of Europe's relatively smaller economies, such Luxembourg, Switzerland, and Ireland, have a history of attracting multinationals with low corporate tax rates or banking secrecy to bolster their otherwise relatively small economies. Luxembourg, a tiny, landlocked country of some 500,000 people, has over the past decades become one of the world's wealthiest nations per capita by doing so.
But in the wake of the financial crisis, many cash-strapped EU countries have sought to limit such tax avoidance systems. Popular anger grew on reports that big brands like Apple or Amazon were paying tiny amounts of tax in countries where they have large operations.
The Commission has been going after both the companies and the governments.
Luxembourg long resisted the EU Commission's demand to submit tax information on Amazon and other cases, but the government lost a court battle against Brussels and eventually head to hand over the information.
The EU Commission provided no estimate of the amount of taxes Amazon saved through its arrangement with Luxembourg. However, Amazon said in its last annual report its overall tax rate was lower than the 35 percent U.S. federal statutory rate thanks to lower taxation in Europe.
"The favorable impact of earnings in lower tax rate jurisdictions primarily relates to our European operations, which are headquartered in Luxembourg," it said.
Both Amazon and Luxembourg rejected the Commission's allegations that the company had received a special tax treatment in the country.
"We are subject to the same tax laws as other companies operating" in Luxembourg, Amazon said in a statement.
___
Follow Juergen Baetz on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/jbaetz
More:

Sensex down 84 points in early trade on weak global cuesUpdated: October 8, 2014 10:08 IST
Sensex down 84 points in early trade on weak global cues
PTI
The Hindu nvestors will also remain cautious ahead of minutes of the latest US Federal Reserve policy meeting, due later today. File Photo
TOPICS
stock exchanges
Falling for the third straight session, the benchmark BSE Sensex declined by another 84 points in early trade on Wednesday on persistent capital outflows amidst a weak global trend after the IMF trimmed its growth forecast.
The 30-share barometer, which had lost 358.54 points in the previous two sessions, fell by 84.16 points, or 0.32 per cent, to trade at fresh two—month low of 26,187.81.
Similarly, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty moved down by 25.70 points, or 0.32 per cent, to 7,826.70.
Brokers said sentiments have been affected on persistent capital outflows by foreign funds and a weak trend at other Asian markets following a US and European sell—off that came in response to weaker German data and the IMF’s decision to cut its growth forecast for the global economy.
Among other Asian markets, Japan’s Nikkei was down 1.47 per cent, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng shed 0.81 per cent in early trade.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 1.60 per cent down in yesterday’s trade.

Hero MotoCorp Launches Two New MotorbikesYou are here: Home Corporates
Hero MotoCorp Launches Two Bikes Priced Up to Rs 51,550
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 08, 2014 16:03 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
New Delhi: Hero MotoCorp, country's leading two-wheeler maker on Wednesday launched two new products in the market to cash-in on the festive season.
The company launched 100 cc Splendor Pro Classic, which has a cafe racer styling, priced at Rs 48,650 (ex-showroom Delhi) and another 100 cc on-road-off-road bike Passion Pro TR at Rs 51,550 (ex-showroom Delhi).
Commenting on the launches, the company said: "Having kicked-off the festive season with record 6-lakh plus sales in September, Hero MotoCorp has lined-up a slew of new products, including refreshes and variants in the festive season."
Hero MotoCorp had reported over 30 per cent jump in sales in September to six lakh units, riding on strong festive season demand.
The company said Splendor Pro Classic offers a distinct riding experience with its cafe racer styling and its features include classic single seat and sporty handle bar.
On the other hand, the Passion Pro TR offers an adventurous ride to young Indian bikers with its ability to take them off the conventional roads, it added.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 15:51 (IST)

Would you trust chicken from a KFC in China The Chinese still dont.By Sarah Halzack October 8 Follow @sarahhalzack
A KFC restaurant in Beijing. (Brent Lewin/Bloomberg)
China has proved an incredibly lucrative market for Yum Brands, the American fast-food titan whose restaurant chains include KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell.  Yum’s China division is easily the company’s most profitable, and Yum is plowing big money into deepening its presence in that nation, with plans to grow its fleet of 6,387 restaurants there to 20,000 locations by 2020.
With so much riding on its Chinese business, the company knew it would likely take a major blow when reports surfaced in Chinese media in July that one of Yum’s meat suppliers in that country had improperly handled food products and allegedly sold expired meat.
“When I saw that, I said, ‘Uh-oh, here’s six to nine months of problems,’” Yum chief executive David Novak told investors on a conference call Wednesday.
The company’s third-quarter earnings report, released Tuesday, is the first snapshot of just how much the incident damaged Chinese consumers’ confidence in Yum restaurants — in particular, KFC, which is wildly popular in China and has more than twice as many locations in the country as its fast-food competitors. Same-store sales in Yum’s China Division plunged 14 percent in the third quarter, a decline that comes on the heels of a 15 percent increase in same-store sales the previous quarter.
Yum executives are bullish about their prospects for bouncing back in China, repeatedly stressing to investors that they believe they’re already on the path to recovery. “We have a short-term issue and we’re weathering the storm,” Novak said.
The company said it is taking steps to win back consumers, including a series of advertisements stressing quality assurance. Yum is also beefing up its requirements for suppliers and working to establish a whistleblower system for its employees and suppliers to encourage them to report food safety violations.  These moves follow the company’s decision in the immediate aftermath of the food safety issue to severe its ties with the supplier, OSI.
Even as it takes these steps, the best salve for the injury may be one that the company can’t control.
“What we need most right now is the gift of time,” Novak said. Executives say they expect it will take six to nine months to recover from the incident.
“Even though OSI was a minor supplier, sales at KFC and Pizza Hut were disproportionately impacted given our category-leading positions,” the company said in a statement announcing its earnings results. “While sales are rebounding, they continue to be negative.”
While reassuring its Chinese customers may be Yum’s most pressing problem, the company is also trying to turn around its Pizza Hut business, which is struggling in the United States and elsewhere. That division saw same-store sales decline 1 percent this quarter after falling 3 percent in the previous quarter.  In order to rebuild buzz for the brand, Yum plans to launch a new advertising campaign in the fourth quarter that targets millennial diners.
Meanwhile, a bright spot for the company was its Taco Bell division, which had a 3 percent increase in same-store sales as its new breakfast menu gained traction with consumers.  The breakfast menu is already profitable; in fact, Novak said that on Sundays, Mondays and Tuesdays Taco Bell’s breakfast business is surpassing its longstanding, late-night “fourth meal” business.  Executives also said Taco Bell’s new “$1 Dollar Craving” menu, aimed at value-conscious diners, is being “very well-received.” Yum says it is on pace to open more than 200 Taco Bells this year, its strongest rate of store growth in more than 10 years.
Clarification: This story has been updated to clarify that allegations that OSI Group sold expired meat are still being investigated.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

Alcoa s huge profit beat tells you somethingEMAIL
AP
Alcoa (AA) just reported a monster quarter. Investors think it’s the first roar in an earnings season that could kick off the best profit streak since 2010.
The aluminum company, kicked out of the Dow Jones industry average last year, crushed earnings expectations by reporting adjusted earnings of 31 cents a share. That blew away estimates by a staggering 41%.
But it’s not just about Alcoa. If Alcoa kicks off a period of big earnings surprises - and earnings come in at 10% or higher — it could kick off a historic moment. It would be the first time Standard & Poor’s 500 earnings growth by 10% or higher for two straight quarters since the recovery in 2010 and 2011, S&P Capital IQ says.
Investors hope Alcoa’s huge upside surprise going to be the norm and shake off what’s been a period of good, but not outstanding earnings growth. Earnings have been growing in the low to mid-single digit percentage rates between the first quarter of 2012 and the first quarter of 2014, says Michael Thompson, managing director at S&P Capital IQ in a note to clients.
And it was looking like the third quarter would be another middling quarter. Analysts have been stamping down their expectations for third-quarter earnings — and are now sitting at an underwhelming 6.5%. But if more companies “pull and Alcoa,” that could mean investors can expect a return to the glory days of double-digit percentage growth in earnings.
It’s important to note the S&P Capital IQ’s earnings growth figures differ from those of other data providers, including S&P Dow Jones Indices. S&P Capital IQ’s figures are based on adjusting earnings to match the expectations of analysts. S&P Dow Jones Indices shows that earnings grew by back-to-back double digits in the fourth and the third quarter of 2013.
But no matter how you count the earnings, a return to double-digit growth is certainly welcome.  And Alcoa’s beat might show that earnings growth isn’t what’s too low — but analysts’ expectations.

Suing a criminal to stop post-crime conduct which causes a temporary or permanent state of mental anguishBy Eugene Volokh October 8 Follow @volokhc
Pennsylvania House Bill No. 2533 (introduced Oct. 3 by House members Vereb, Marsico, Caltagirone, Turzai, Stephens, Kauffman, M.K. Keller, Masser, Millard, O’Neill, Thomas, Toepel, Barrar, and Corbin) provides,
(a) Action.–In addition to any other right of action and any other remedy provided by law, a victim of a personal injury crime may bring a civil action against an offender in any court of competent jurisdiction to obtain injunctive and other appropriate relief, including reasonable attorney fees and other costs associated with the litigation, for conduct which perpetuates the continuing effect of the crime on the victim.
(b) Redress on behalf of victim.–The district attorney of the county in which a personal injury crime took place or the Attorney General, after consulting with the district attorney, may institute a civil action against an offender for injunctive or other appropriate relief for conduct which perpetuates the continuing effect of the crime on the victim.
(c) Injunctive relief.–Upon a showing of cause for the issuance of injunctive relief, a court may issue special, preliminary, permanent or any other injunctive relief as may be appropriate under this section.
(d) Definition.–As used in this section, the term “conduct which perpetuates the continuing effect of the crime on the victim” includes conduct which causes a temporary or permanent state of mental anguish.
The bill was prompted by a graduation speech by convicted murderer Mumia Abu-Jamal , and pretty clearly aims at speech: “Nobody has the right to continually taunt the victims of their violent crimes in the public square,” [Gov. Tom Corbett] said Monday. (Abu-Jamal apparently “did not address the killing of Officer Faulkner in his recorded remarks,” according to a Fox News account .)
It’s also clearly unconstitutional. The government can’t enjoin speech, or even authorize civil liability for speech, just because it is said by a convicted criminal (which is what “offender” presumably means here), or because it “perpetuates the continuing effect of the crime” by “caus[ing] a temporary or permanent state of mental anguish.” If it’s a threat, it can be punished. If it’s a face-to-face insult likely to cause a fight, it can be punished. If it’s libel, it can be punished. But speech can’t be enjoined, or subjected to liability, simply because it causes “mental anguish,” for instance because the criminal is saying bad things about the victim or the victim’s family, or is defending his legal or moral innocence, or getting acclaim or recognition that we think he shouldn’t be getting.
Note that prison inmates, and even convicts who are out on probation or parole, can indeed be subjected to special speech restrictions, and can be administratively disciplined (or have their probation or parole revoked) for their speech. But the law goes beyond that, both in the nature of the remedy (an injunction and damages, and not just administrative prison remedies) and in its application to all offenders, whether or not they are in prison.
Thanks to Robert Dittmer for the pointer.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

ENRC abandons part of legal caseENRC abandons part of legal case against former director
By Caroline Binham and Michael Kavanagh in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77daf820-4f05-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hindalco gains over 5% as Alcoa Q3 beats estimateHindalco rallies over 6% as Alcoa Q3 beats estimates
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 04.53PM IST
(Aluminium major Hindalco…)
MUMBAI: Aluminium major Hindalco rallied over 6 per cent on hopes of a strong quarter after Alcoa, world's third largest producer of aluminum, beat Q3 earnings estimates.
The company reported net profit of $149 million, against net profit of $24 million in the year-ago. Sales for the quarter increased to $6.2 billion from $5.7 billion in year-ago period.
Hindalco had recently come under selling pressure following de-allocation of coal blocks. According to BNP Paribas, the stock had over-reacted to the negative newsflow.
The brokerage has lowered its target price on the stock to Rs 208 but remains bullish on it.
"The stock has over-reacted to the news. We think this offers a good opportunity to add exposure for the potential recovery in the aluminium sector," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

front page of the Daily TelegraphTax
Five million UK workers face uncertainty after tax bills wrongly calculated twice in HMRC blunder
Uncertainty for millions as a leaked email shows the taxman made    miscalculations in many 'final' bills for last year
Taxpayers could face new demands after HMRC found an error in its calculations of bills for 2013-14 Photo: ALAMY
By Dan Hyde , Consumer Affairs Editor
10:00PM BST 08 Oct 2014
Comments
More than five million British workers face uncertainty after leaked emails    revealed that their tax bills for last year may have been wrongly    calculated.
HM Revenue and Customs has privately admitted that those who underpaid or    overpaid income tax last year may still have paid the wrong amount.
Most have already been sent new tax demands or sent repayments – but now face    the prospect of having their bills recalculated once again. HMRC has stopped    sending repayments until the crisis is resolved.
Accountants expressed disbelief. Elaine Clark of the Cheapaccounting tax    practice said: "This is extraordinary, a disaster, and heads need to    roll at HMRC."
HMRC said tens of thousands would ultimately be affected but admitted it    currently had no idea about the scale of problem.
Related Articles
Make everyone file a tax return – lesser of two evils?
26 Aug 2014
Four months ago, HM Revenue & Customs admitted it had collected the wrong    amount of tax from more than five million people in the 12 months to April    2014.
Since then, the taxman has sent those affected notification letters explaining    how it would claw back or issue refunds for on average £300.
In an email leaked to The Telegraph, a select group of senior HMRC staff and    accountants were told "thousands" of mistakes were made.
The recipients were advised to tell taxpayers who questioned their bills "not    to repay any underpayment" of tax.
It said anyone who had overpaid tax should not cash any cheques they had    received. Anyone who has already cashed a cheque will see the money    potentially clawed back if a mistake has been made.
Whistleblowers behind the leaked email said the numbers affected by the latest    blunder could "easily run into the hundreds of thousands".
"HMRC refuses to admit the system doesn't work, and it's scandalous that    there is no politician holding them to account as the whole programme of    welfare reform could be put at risk because of this," one said.
"The system is not fit for purpose, it's inherently flawed and routinely    produces errors that cause a huge mess for families and employers.
HM Revenue & Customs insisted less than 100,000 people were likely to have    been hit, but was unable to be more specific.
The errors are the latest embarrassment for HM Revenue & Customs, which    has faced fierce criticism for its "aggressive" treatment of    taxpayers later shown to be the innocent victims of the taxman's own    misjudgements.
At the end of every tax year in April, HMRC works out whether people in the    Pay As You Earn (PAYE) system have paid the correct amount of tax.
Millions end up paying the wrong amount if changes in their circumstances,    such as moving jobs or receiving a pay rise, are not reflected in their tax    code. Others find that state or personal pension payments conflict, with    HMRC sometimes unaware of a second income.
HMRC typically collects outstanding debts by altering workers' tax codes for    the following year. If it owes money, it often issues taxpayers with a    cheque.
In June, the Revenue said the number of people who owed money, or were due    refunds, had risen from 5.2 million to 5.5 million in 12 months.
The figure was higher despite the introduction of the taxman's £270 million “Real Time Information” (RTI) programme, which was supposed to eliminate    errors.
RTI has forced employers to report the amounts of money paid to staff on a    weekly or monthly basis, rather than annual. Accountants warned this may    have led to more errors occurring, as larger quantities of data were being    sent to the Revenue. Almost a million people a year are affected by a    computer "flaw" which duplicates the entries under their name,    they said.
In the leaked email, HMRC admitted that duplicate entries for workers was a    major factor behind its latest errors. It also blamed employers for failing    to provide the correct salary information in submissions about staff.
The email said: "We are urgently investigating these cases and will look    to resolve the matter in the next six to eight weeks.
"We currently do not know the scale of the issue but some large    employers are involved, so several thousand of employees may be affected."
Mrs Clark said taxpayers were being forced to wait more than half an hour to    get through to HMRC to discuss tax demands. She said many then faced months    in limbo before letters arrived, which might now be incorrect.
"The Revenue's flagship new reporting system was supposed to fix these    types of problem but it appears to have failed completely.
"The pressure put on individuals who face demands for tax is enormous,    so it's extraordinary that HMRC should again have made such basic errors."
Stuart Phillips, director of tax advisers the Private Office, said: "If    the Revenue continues to make these kinds of mistake it completely    undermines confidence in the tax system – and particularly new and    aggressive efforts to collect more tax such as lifting money directly from    people's bank accounts."
A spokesman for HMRC said the incorrect letters were "not demands"    but merely tax summaries, "like the annual ones your credit card or    bank sends you showing your total transactions across the year".
"No one has been asked to hand a penny over in tax because of this,"    the spokesman added.
"The majority of the errors have happened because an employer failed to    make a final payment statement for the 2013/14 tax year, meaning our records    were incomplete despite reminders that these submissions had to be made. We    are sorry this has happened and we aim to issue corrected calculations in    the next few weeks."
- Put a tax question to the experts: moneyexpert@telegraph.co.uk
- Ideas on Isas, alerts on rates: get    our weekly money round-up
 

In pics:  Blood moon  awes stargazersprint
Stargazers in the Americas and Asia were treated to a lunar eclipse Wednesday, a celestial show that bathed the moon in a reddish tint to create a "blood moon."
During the total lunar eclipse, light beams into Earth's shadow, filling it with a coppery glow that gives it a red hue.
The early phase of the eclipse began at 0800 GMT, or 4am, on the east coast of the United States.
NASA provided live footage via telescope of the eclipse, showing a black shadow creeping across the moon in a crawl that took about an hour.
In Hong Kong, free viewing locations were set up on a harborside promenade by the Hong Kong Space Museum for the public to observe the various phases on telescopes.
In Tokyo's Roppongi fashion and entertainment district, enthusiasts performed yoga exercises under the blood moon. Many others had climbed atop the city's skyscrapers to view the sky.
On Australia's east coast, a live video feed set up by the Sydney Observatory was hit by cloud cover, thwarting some viewers.
In New Zealand, the moon will be close to its highest point in the sky, according to Auckland's Stardome Observatory & Planetarium, making for a view of the spectacle unobstructed by buildings.
In Hong Kong, hundreds of patient onlookers of all ages lined the harborfront promenade late Wednesday hoping for a glimpse of the eclipse.
The moon is illuminated by sunlight reflected off the Earth during a total lunar eclipse, one of four so-called 'blood moons', on Wednesday in Los Angeles, California. (AFP Photo)
A plane flies across the moon at the beginning of a total lunar eclipse in Yokkaichi, central Japan, on Wednesday. (AFP Photo)
The moon is pictured moments after a total lunar eclipse, from Encinitas, California on Wednesday. (Reuters)
A lunar eclipse appears above Wade, N.C. in a picture made through an amateur astronomer's 8-inch telescope on Wednesday. (AP Photo)
The Earth's shadow is cast over the moon during a total lunar eclipse, as seen from beneath the Sunsphere in Knoxville, Tennessee on Wednesday. (AP Photo)
A passenger airliner crosses the full moon, also known as the Hunter's Moon, a few hours prior to the beginning of a total lunar eclipse that will create an effect known as the Blood Moon, in Whittier, Ca., on Tuesday evening. (AP Photo)
A passenger airliner crosses the full moon in Lahore, Pakistan, Wednesday. (AP Photo)
The moon is pictured behind a ferris wheel on the pier in Santa Monica, California after a total lunar eclipse, also known as a "blood moon", Wednesday. (Reuters)
The moon is pictured behind a ferris wheel on the pier in Santa Monica, California after a total lunar eclipse on Wednesday.(Reuters)
The moon turns orange during a total lunar eclipse behind the CN Tower and the skyline during moonset in Toronto on Wednesday. (Reuters)

Lower for longer Fed boosts stocks© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bb22670-4f62-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brent Comes Off 27-Month Low  Holds Above $91 as Dollar WeakensGovernment to Streamline Subsidies, Cheap LPG for Rich May Go: Finance Minister
Singapore:
Brent crude futures held steady above $91 a barrel on Thursday, after rebounding from a 27-month low hit in the previous session as the US dollar weakened on the possibility the Federal Reserve could hold off raising interest rates.
Expectations that oil demand could increase towards the end of this month - even though US crude stocks increased more than expected last week - also helped to support prices.
Minutes of the US Fed's last policy meeting released on Wednesday showed signs that concerns about the impact of a strengthening greenback on the economy may delay any decision on interest rate changes.
Low interest rates "might be around for a little bit, which is supportive for commodities, not just oil," said Mark Keenan, head of commodities research in Asia for Societe Generale in Singapore.
A rise in interest rates could tighten money supply which would be negative for commodities trading.
Brent for November delivery was up 5 cents to $91.43 by 0406 GMT. The front-month contract fell as low as $90.57 on Wednesday, the lowest since June 2012, before recovering to close at $91.38 - still down 73 cents.
US November crude climbed 17 cents to $87.48 after ending the previous session down $1.54. In the previous session, it hit its lowest level since April 2013 at $86.83.
"Energy prices should experience some upward push with a weakening dollar as it should be relatively cheaper to purchase energy products," Singapore's Phillip Futures said in a report on Thursday.
A falling greenback makes dollar-denominated commodities such as oil less expensive to holders of other currencies.
The dollar's index against a basket of six major currencies slipped in early Asian trade on Thursday to 85.143, its lowest level in nearly two weeks.
US CRUDE STOCKS
Crude inventories soared a more-than-expected 5 million barrels in the week to October 3, data from the US Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration showed on Wednesday. A build of 1.5 million barrels had been forecast by analysts polled by Reuters.
Some analysts, though, were encouraged by a draw of 1.58 million barrels in crude stocks at the Cushing, Oklahoma, delivery hub.
"We are moving towards seasonal demand for oil which should be supportive for prices. Demand is still low but seasonality should pick it up a little bit," Keenan said.
Increased winter demand for oil should be seen towards the end of this month, he said.
Investors were also keeping an eye on developments in the Middle East where Islamic State fighters on Wednesday launched a renewed assault on Kobani, close to the Syrian-Turkish border, as US and coalition warplanes attacked IS targets in Syria.
Top diplomats from Iran, the European Union and the United States, including US Secretary of State John Kerry, will meet in Vienna next week, to try to make progress towards a long-elusive deal to end a dispute over Tehran's nuclear programme by a November 24 deadline.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

She is part of a campaign raisingContinue
The information provided is not enough to protect against all risks from asbestos. If possible, you should plan work to avoid disturbing any asbestos; if this is not possible, do not start work until you have the correct instruction, information and training to do it safely.  Please note, this web app requires network coverage to work. For more information visit the HSE asbestos web pages
   
Also use this website on your mobile and tablet
HSE aims to reduce work-related death, injury and ill-health.

New Britain Palm Oil-3.03
Winners and Losers are drawn from the set of FTSE 350 equities
All market data carried by BBC News is provided by DigitalLook.com. The data is for your general information and enjoys indicative status only. Neither the BBC nor Digital Look accept any responsibility for its accuracy or for any use to which it may be put. All share prices and market indexes delayed at least 15 minutes. 52 week high and low values are calculated from close price data. Click here for terms and conditions
Top Stories

Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on October 9Oct 09, 2014, 12.52 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on October 9
Here are few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Hindalco, Viceroy Hotels, BHEL, Jindal Saw, United Bank of India. Cipla and Polaris.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on October 9
Here are few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Hindalco, Viceroy Hotels, BHEL, Jindal Saw, United Bank of India. Cipla and Polaris.
Post your opinion here

Clydesdale Bank mis-sellingNational Australia Bank earnings hit by UK charges
NAB is now expected to focus on its businesses in Australia and New Zealand
Asia shares rise on US Fed minutes
National Australia Bank (NAB) has said its full-year earnings will fall by up to 14% because of higher-than-expected charges at its UK business.
NAB warned it could be facing almost 1bn Australian dollars ($881m; £548m) in higher charges at its UK operations.
This covers costs for mis-selling payment protection insurance (PPI) and also provisions for interest rate hedging products.
NAB's UK business includes the Yorkshire and Clydesdale banks.
NAB now forecasts its earnings will be A$5.1bn-A$5.2bn - nearly 20% below market expectations.
"The size of the provisions were higher than I expected," said David Ellis, an analyst at Morningstar.
NAB, Australia's fourth-largest bank by market value, reported a record cash profit of A$5.9bn last year.
News of the disappointing earnings forecast comes after a management shake-up in August when Andrew Thorburn was named the bank's new chief executive.
Mr Thorburn said while the larger UK charges were disappointing, the underlying performance of the NAB group remained strong.
"Taking these decisions gives us more clarity going into the future and allows us to focus on the core Australian and New Zealand franchises, which remain in good shape," he said.
More on This Story

Royal Mail has "entered into a settlement agreement"Statement on French Competition Investigation
RNS Number : 8564T
Update on French competition authority investigation into alleged antitrust law breaches in France 
 
Further to its announcement of 16 July 2014, Royal Mail plc announces that it has today entered into a settlement agreement with the French competition authority (Autorité de la Concurrence) in respect of the alleged breaches of antitrust laws by one of its subsidiaries, GLS France, during the period before the end of 2010.
 
Royal Mail confirms that, whilst a settlement has been agreed in principle, the French regulator is continuing its investigation.  By agreeing to settle and provide compliance commitments now, Royal Mail will benefit from a reduction to any fine.  The amount of any fine is not expected to be determined until the second half of the 2015-16 financial year.  However, Royal Mail has made a financial provision of £18 million in its financial statements for the half year ended 28 September 2014, comprising £12 million in respect of the current estimate of any fine and £6 million in respect of estimated legal costs associated with the investigation and the costs of the compliance commitments.
 
We expect to announce our results for the half year ended 28 September 2014 on Wednesday, 19 November 2014.
 

Omar Abdullah furious over  complaint  against Shahid Kapoor starrer  HaiderE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sensex rises nearly 400 points on global cuesMarket update: Sensex rises 390 points to one-week high on Federal Reserve meet
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 17:06 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Snapping a three-session losing streak, the BSE benchmark Sensex on Thursday surged by 390 points to close at over one-week high on handsome gains in bluechip stocks, BHEL and Hindalco, as US Federal Reserve signalled that there wouldn't be immediate rate hike.
Similarly, the 50-share NSE Nifty regained 7,900 level by rising 117.85 points or 1.5 per cent to its highest level in four days to 7,960.55.
Brokers said the trading sentiment bolstered on the release of minutes of meeting of US Federal Reserve, confirming interest rates would remain low, triggering all-round buying by funds and retail investors.
Globally, mixed closing in choppy trade on the other Asian markets and a higher opening of the European stocks, also influenced the sentiment, they added.
The benchmark BSE 30-share Sensex resumed in positive zone and gathered momentum to touch session's high of 26,688.70, before settling at 26,637.28 - a rise of 390.49 points, or 1.49 per cent. Previously, it had zoomed 480.92 points, or 1.81 per cent on September 18.
The gauge had lost over 383 points in the past three sessions.
Minutes from the Fed's September meeting showed policymakers cautious about rushing into rate hikes, and worried that the dollar is rising too fast.
Besides, appreciating rupee which strengthened to over two-week high to 60.96 (intra-day) against the dollar and easing global crude prices which fell to two-year low, too influenced sentiments, they added.
Buying was strong with all sectoral indices led by capital goods, realty, banking, power and metal ending in positive zone with gains of up to 3.01 per cent.
In the 30-Sensex constituents, 25 ended higher led by BHEL (8.37 per cent), Hindalco (6.01 per cent) and SBI (2.84 per cent), while five shares ended lower led by Wipro (down 0.83 per cent).
Sectorally, auto, bankex and consumer durables were the biggest gainers.
Mr. Jignesh Chaudhary, Head Of Research, Veracity Broking Services said," Equities traded strong for the day with the help of blue chip companies as Asian markets traded positively, with the regional index rising from its lowest level since May as yesterday Fed reserve in its minutes stated that the interest rate will remain near zero for the considerable time after it stops buying assets".
25 scrips out of 30-share sensex pack ended higher while five others finished lower.
Major gainers were BHEL (8.37 pct), Hindalco (6.01 pct) , SBI (2.84 pct), HDFC (2.68 pct), Icici Bank (2.64 pct), Larsen (2.58 pct), Tata Power (2.55 pct), Axis Bank (2.32 pct), Tata Steel (2.31 pct), HDFC Bank (2.25 pct), Tata Motors (1.95 pct), Reliance Industries (1.87 pct), Maruti (1.77 pct), Sun Pharma (1.70 pct), SSLT (1.69 pct), Gail (1.48 pct), Bharti Airtel (1.16 pct) and ONGC (1.13 pct).
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, consumer goods rose by 3.01 pct followed by Realty 2.61 pct, Bankex 2.51 pct, Power 2.25 pct, Metal 1.91 pct, Oil and Gas 1.34 pct and Auto 0.96 pct.
Mid-cap and Small-cap indices also rose by 1.83 pct and 1.59 pct respectively on fresh buying from retail investors.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 1,440.99 crore on Wednesday.
The total market breadth turned positive as 2,015 stocks closed higher while 932 finished lower. Total turnover dropped to Rs 2,665.52 crs from Rs 2,796.49 cr from Wednesday.

Re surges 50 paise vs $ to hit day s high of 60.90You are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Rupee ends day at 61.05 versus US dollar
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 05.03PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Extending its rising streak…)
MUMBAI: The rupee closed the day at 61.09 against the US greenback, after gaining 50 paise to 60.90 per dollar in intraday trade. This was on the back of persistent selling of the American unit by banks and exporters amid bearish dollar overseas and rallying domestic equities.
The rupee had resumed higher at 61.13 per dollar as against yesterday's closing level of 61.40 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange ( Forex ).
In the New York market, the US dollar languished at a two-week low against its major rivals in early trade, having fallen for a third straight session minutes after the US Federal Reserve's last policy meeting which prompted markets to push out the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US senators drag UN into Indo-Pak conflictNew Delhi, October 9, 2014
Updated: October 9, 2014 21:24 IST
India-Pak conflict
US senators want 'bigger' role for UN
Suhasini Haidar
Tweet
The Hindu Senator Tim Kaine and Senator Angus King, speaking to journalists in New Delhi on Thursday, said: “As a promoter of peaceful resolution of disputes the U.N. does a good job and in that sense, their participation should be welcomed.”
TOPICS
international organisation
Timothy Kaine and Angus King said they are "concerned" over the rising tensions at the India-Pakistan Line of Control.
U.S. Senators Timothy Kaine and Angus King said they are “concerned” over the rising tensions at the India-Pakistan Line of Control.
Speaking to journalists in New Delhi on Thursday, the senators raised some eyebrows by also suggesting that the United Nations could play a “bigger role” in the conflict. “I welcome the comments of the U.N. Secretary General calling for diplomatic efforts and dialogue to end the worrying situation between India and Pakistan,” said Mr. King, referring to a statement from U.N. Secretary General’s spokesperson Stephanie Dujarric asking India and Pakistan to “resolve their issues”.
While the U.N. Secretary General stuck to India’s stated position on a bilateral resolution to the LoC with Pakistan, the U.S. Senators may have stepped out of line by calling for a greater role in the dispute, adding “As a promoter of peaceful resolution of disputes the U.N. does a good job and in that sense their participation should be welcomed.”
Speaking to The Hindu, Mr. Kaine said he also welcomed Prime Minister Modi’s statement that a resolution would be found “very soon” and called it “very encouraging”.
Senator Kaine said his visit to India, including meeting defence officials and visiting Mumbai to interact with businessmen had given them an “opportunity to better understand India’s concerns”. Just before visiting India, Mr. Kaine had also met with Pakistan’s Ambassador to US Jalil Jilani.
According to an official statement quoted in Pakistani papers, Mr. Kaine “appreciated Pakistan’s efforts to address terrorism, and assured of US support for peace and stability in the region.”

Hindalco Surges; Rival Alcoa Earnings Beat ForecastsYou are here: Home Market
Hindalco Surges; Rival Alcoa Earnings Beat Forecasts
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 14:14 (IST)
Shares in Hindalco Industries jumped over 5 per cent to Rs158 on Thursday. Its global rival Alcoa Inc's earnings beat forecasts, propelled by higher aluminium prices.
This Augurs well for the company's unit Novelis Inc, investors say.
Novelis is the world's largest producer of rolled aluminium products.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Retro tax panel for new cases only; pre-Budget meet in NovOct 09, 2014, 01.41 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Retro tax panel for new cases only; pre-Budget meet in Nov
Revenue secretary Shaktikanta Das says there is a need to move away from aggressive tax planning and assessments. He says the industry needs to work closely with the government to encourage a non-adversarial tax regime.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Retro tax panel for new cases only; pre-Budget meet in Nov
Revenue secretary Shaktikanta Das says there is a need to move away from aggressive tax planning and assessments. He says the industry needs to work closely with the government to encourage a non-adversarial tax regime.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The high-level committee or retro tax panel - which was set up in August to scrutinise all Income-Tax (I-T) cases arising of the retrospective tax amendment - will handle only fresh cases, says revenue secretary Shaktikanta Das.
The government has already sent out a strong message to all investors – domestic as well as international – that retrospective amendments to tax laws will not happen.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, in his Budget speech, had said that the NDA government will not ordinarily bring about any change retrospectively which has the potential to create fresh liability. "The sovereign right of the government to undertake retrospective legislation is unquestionable. However, this power has to be exercised through extreme caution and judiciousness keeping in mind the impact of each such measure on the economy and the overall investment climate," Jaitley had said in his Budget speech on July 10.
He had also announced the formation of a retro tax panel in his Budget speech.
The revenue secretary further adds that there is a need to move away from aggressive tax planning and assessments. He says the industry needs to work closely with the government to encourage a non-adversarial tax regime.
"The whole perception of the department being aggressive is centred around 7-8 cases which are in various courts," says Das. He asks the industry to work together with the government keeping these 7-8 high profile cases aside.
Das says the government will soon come out with new threshold for cases referred to Advance Authority for Rulings, besides adding that relevant notifications on transfer pricing is also underway.
The government will begin pre-Budget consultation meetings with the industry from November. Das says the government is seeking industry representations on 10 significant action points that can and will make a difference.
RELATED NEWS

Mirosoft Xim: A new app that lets you temporarily share photos on your phone with others38
0
New Delhi: Sharing photos with your friends has now become simpler and more secure with Microsoft's new Xim app. With this new photo-sharing app, built by Microsoft Research's FUSE labs, you can make others see photos on your phone without having to actually pass your phone around.
All you have to do is to download the app, choose photos you want others to see, and share with them. The photos will appear synchronously on everyone's devices even if others don't have the app. The same photos (or say, Xims created by you) will expire after a little while. In other words, people you have shared photos with will not have access to your photos after a while.
This whole concept makes the entire photo-viewing experience in a group more enjoyable as your friends can view photos from the comfort of their own seat and screen rather than waiting turns or huddling around one phone.
The Xim app lets others view photos from the comfort of their own seat and screen rather than waiting turns or huddling around one phone.
#microsoft #xim #photo sharing app #microsoft xim
Xim lets you choose photos from your camera roll, Instagram, Facebook, Dropbox, or OneDrive.
Xim is available for free in the Windows Phone, Apple App, and Google Play stores. The app is initially available for users in Canada and the US.The company plans to add additional country support shortly.
Watch this video to see how the app works:
13

GVK Hancock gets green nod for Alpha coal projectGVK Hancock gets green nod for $10-bn Alpha coal project
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 14:32 IST
GVK Hancock has secured environment clearance for its $10 billion Alpha Coal mine Project in Central Queensland, Australia.
"After over six years of comprehensive environmental assessments and detailed planning, GVK Hancock has been granted an Environmental Authority (Clearance) for its Alpha Coal Project in the Galilee Basin in Central Queensland," the company said in a statement.
In 2011, GVK had acquired 79 per cent stake in the Alpha Coal and Alpha West projects and 100 per cent stake in the Kevin's Corner project in Queensland from Hancock Prospecting Pty Ltd.
GVK's Alpha Coal Mine is located in the Galilee Basin with the first coal lot expected to be extracted by 2016. When fully commissioned, the mine will produce 32 million tonnes of thermal coal per year for the Asian export market.
The Land Court of Queensland in Australia had earlier granted conditional clearance to Alpha Coal Mine project.
"This is one of the most significant milestones in the development of our Galilee Basin coal projects till date which will create one of the most remarkable pieces of regional and economic developments Queensland has seen for decades," GVK Reddy founder Chairman and Managing Director of GVK said in the statement.
The company said it further plans to meet every environmental condition that has been set by regulatory authorities.
"This milestone takes us another step closer towards commencing our proposed Alpha mine, which will create around 4,000 jobs during its three year construction and more than 1,800 jobs over its 30 plus years of operation. We've invested tens of millions of dollars and thousands of man hours assessing, planning and engaging with communities to reach this stage," GVK Vice Chairman G V Sanjay Reddy said in the statement.

Who will win the Nobel Literature prize this yearWho will win the Nobel Literature prize this year?
Agencies
With just hours to go for the 2014 Nobel literature prize, Kenya's Ngugi wa Thiong'o has emerged favourite with betting sites.
Close on his heels are popular Japanese novelist Haruki Murakami and Belarusian journalist Svetlana Alexievich.
Ngugi wa Thiong'o was the most probable pick according to bets placed with bookmakers Ladbrokes Thursday, and he was near the top at online betting sites Betsson and Unibet.
Pia Bergstroem, a literary critic at the Swedish daily Aftonbladet, considered the 76-year-old Kenyan one of the likely choices as well, calling him "a popular storyteller and a dyed-in-the-wool anti-colonial dissident."
Ngugi wa Thiong'o formerly worked in English and then switched to his native language Gikuyu. His work includes novels, plays, short stories, and essays, ranging from literary and social criticism to children's literature.
Murakami has been a regular favourite with Nobel-watchers over the last few years with his books like The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle, Kafka on the Shore and IQ84.
But many critics like Sweden's Elise Karlsson feel Murakami is probably a readers' favourite and that he lacks that extra depth.
Alexievich, a Belarusian investigative journalist and prose writer is known for her books The Boys of Zinc, on the Afghan war, and Voices from Chernobyl.
Other names doing the rounds are Adonis from Syria and a perennial contender, veteran Czech-born writer Milan Kundera.
But these are all just intelligent -- yet uninformed -- guesses as by convention the Swedish academy  never gives any indication of the choice , or of the names that are considered and the deliberations are sealed for 50 years.
The $1.1 million Nobel Literature prize is keenly watched and debated, especially since the Swedish Academy has a reputation for picking authors relatively unknown to the English-speaking world, over ones more famous among critics and the public.
For instance, the choice of Austria's Elfriede Jelinek in 2004, who was largely unknown outside the German-speaking world, French writer Jean-Marie Gustave Le Clezio in 2008 and Chinese novelist Mo Yan in 2012 caught even critics by surprise.
English-speaking authors have won 27 times, compared to 13 times each for French-speaking  and German-speaking winners.
The academy also takes into consideration poets, playwrights and other types of writers, and not just novelists.

New order: BHEL gainsOct 09, 2014, 02.39 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
BHEL surges 8.5% on Rs 7800 crore order from TANGEDCO
The order is for setting up a 2x660 MW coal-fired thermal power project at Ennore Special Economic Zone in Tamil Nadu. For this tender, BHEL partnered with Power Finance Corporation by syndicating the financing package in the current competitive environment.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BHEL surges 8.5% on Rs 7800 crore order from TANGEDCO
The order is for setting up a 2x660 MW coal-fired thermal power project at Ennore Special Economic Zone in Tamil Nadu. For this tender, BHEL partnered with Power Finance Corporation by syndicating the financing package in the current competitive environment.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Bharat Heavy Electricals (BHEL) gained as much as 8.5 percent intraday Thursday on getting a Rs 7,800 crore contract for setting up a 1,320 MW supercritical thermal power project in Tamil Nadu.
It is an EPC contract (engineering, procurement and construction) from Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO), BHEL said in a statement.
The order is for setting up a 2x660 MW coal-fired thermal power project at Ennore Special Economic Zone in Tamil Nadu. For this tender, BHEL partnered with Power Finance Corporation by syndicating the financing package in the current competitive environment.
With this project, BHEL has now won orders for supply and installation of 35 supercritical boilers and 30 turbines of 660/700/800 MW ratings.
The power plant will be constructed on a reclaimed ash pond, calling for specialised civil design, utilising an otherwise barren land.
BHEL's scope of work in the project includes design, engineering, manufacture, supply, construction, erection, testing and commissioning for the EPC Package.
The equipment for the contract will be manufactured at BHEL's Trichy, Haridwar, Bhopal, Ranipet, Hyderabad, Bangalore and Jhansi plants, while the company's Power Sector - Southern Region will be responsible for civil works and erection or commissioning of the equipment.
At 14:33 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 217.85, up Rs 15.90, or 7.87 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Strong Q2: 8K Miles upOct 09, 2014, 02.47 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
8K Miles Software Services up 5% on strong Q2 earnings
The cloud-based solutions provider has posted a profit after tax of Rs 4.14 crore, up 31.43 crore compared to Rs 3.15 crore in previous quarter. Revenue during the same period climbed 29 percent to Rs 27.08 crore from Rs 20.99 crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
8K Miles Software Services up 5% on strong Q2 earnings
The cloud-based solutions provider has posted a profit after tax of Rs 4.14 crore, up 31.43 crore compared to Rs 3.15 crore in previous quarter. Revenue during the same period climbed 29 percent to Rs 27.08 crore from Rs 20.99 crore.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  8K Miles Software Services have been locked at 5 percent upper circuit for the second consecutive session on Thursday. The stock touched an all-time high of Rs 570.60 after it reported strong earnings in the quarter ended September 2014 (Q2FY15).
The cloud-based solutions provider has posted a profit after tax of Rs 4.14 crore, up 31.43 crore compared to Rs 3.15 crore in previous quarter. Revenue during the same period climbed 29 percent to Rs 27.08 crore from Rs 20.99 crore.
Operating profit of the company jumped 31 percent sequentially to Rs 8.45 crore and margin expanded by 50 basis points to 31.2 percent from 30.7 percent.
In the half year period (April-September), profit after tax grew a whopping 170 percent to Rs 7.29 crore compared to Rs 2.69 crore in same period last year. Revenue spiked 208 percent to Rs 48.08 crore from Rs 15.61 crore year-on-year.
Operating profit was up by 231.8 percent Y-o-Y to Rs 14.9 crore and margin rose by 224 basis points to 31 percent in April-September period of current financial year.
Chairman & Chief Executive officer Suresh Venkatachari is confident that the company would continue to report strong earnings going ahead too.
The company is currently also exploring both organic and inorganic opportunities and is likely to conclude an acquisition in FY15, said Venkatachari in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
Meanwhile, the board of directors of 8K Miles, on September 29, approved to issue convertible warrants to the promoters and other strategic investors on preferential basis.
At 12:57 hours IST, there were pending buy orders of 21,058 shares, with no sellers available. In the last one year, the stock gained from Rs 74 to Rs 543.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

At the moment his attentionInvestor Carl Icahn abandons Apple share buyback effort
Apple said it had repurchased $14bn of its own shares in the past two weeks
Activist investor Carl Icahn has announced he sees "no reason to persist" in his attempt to force Apple to return more money to shareholders.
Mr Icahn had been demanding Apple buy back $50bn (£30.5bn) of its shares.
However, he said he was satisfied with the recent efforts of Apple's chief executive, Tim Cook, to return cash to investors.
Apple said it had repurchased $14bn of its stock in the two weeks since the firm reported disappointing earnings.
"As Tim Cook describes them, these recent actions taken by the company to repurchase shares have been both 'opportunistic' and 'aggressive' and we are supportive," said Mr Icahn in an open letter .
Mr Icahn's announcement comes a day after a shareholder advisory service, ISS, recommended that Apple shareholders should vote against Mr Icahn's plan.
ISS said that Apple had "returned the bulk of its US-generated cash to shareholders via aggressive stock buybacks and dividends payouts".
In light of this, ISS said Apple's board's "latitude should not be constricted by a shareholder resolution that would micromanage the company's capital allocation process".
Apple's board had been scheduled to vote on Mr Icahn's proposal on 28 February.
Last month, Apple reported flat earnings , and many analysts were worried about the firm's outlook for the rest of the year.
More on This Story

BJP gains in Marathwada  Chavan & Deshmukh clan face tough challenge in their bastionsOct 09, 2014 at  03:00pm IST
BJP gains in Marathwada, Chavan & Deshmukh clan face tough challenge in their bastions
38
0
Aurangabad: Marathwada is witnessing a tough multi-cornered contest between the Congress-NCP, BJP and Shiv Sena, in all 46 constituencies in the region. The recent visit by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and projecting Pankaja Palve-Munde, daughter of the late Gopinath Munde as the future chief minister of the state, seem to have strengthened the chances of the BJP gaining an upper hand in the assembly elections. However, the Shiv Sena is making all possible efforts to retain its position in the saffron belt of Aurangabad, Parbhani and Osmanabad districts.
It is important to note that in 2009 assembly elections, the Congress and NCP bagged 18 and 13 seats respectively, proving their dominance in this backward region. The BJP and Shiv Sena suffered a huge setback and could manage to win just 2 and 7 seats respectively in the region.
After the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation elections in 1988, the Shiv Sena started its innings in rural Maharashtra. It led to forging of the Shiv Sena and BJP alliance in the state under the leadership the late Pramod Mahajan, Gopinath Munde and Bal Thackeray.
In 2009 assembly elections, the Congress and NCP bagged 18 and 13 seats respectively, proving their dominance in this backward region.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #bjp #congress #ncp
However, in the present elections, the Congress and NCP are facing a severe anti-incumbency factor as the BJP is successfully projecting that the state could not witness any major development or positive change in the last 15 years of Congress-NCP rule. The major issues of Marathwada like access to drinking water to Marathwada from Jayakwadi dam, complete regional imbalance, disparity in fund allocations for various developmental works and lack of irrigation and roads remain unresolved.
This has turned the public anger against the government. Particularly, Rajendra Darda, the state education Minister and Abdul Sattar, animal husbandry minister are facing a very tough fight in the Shiv Sena dominated district of Aurangabad.
If the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance had fought the polls together, there would have been no scope for these leaders. Now both the leaders are banking on the division of votes in Aurangabad East and Sillod constituency. Rajendra Darda, who has an edge, is fighting the BJP candidate, Atul Save, son of former Shiv Sena MP, Moreshwar Save and the Shiv Sena candidate and the Mayor Kala Oza.
Darda is facing the threat of the division of minority votes due to the presence of MIM candidate, Gafar Kadri and the NCP candidate, Juber Motiwala, the rebel candidate of Congress Uttamsingh Pawar. All are in the fray with the single objective of defeating the minister. It is a fact that Rajendra Darda has well preserved the constituency and developed the infrastructure of roads in every colony in the last 15 years.
Former chief minister and Nanded MP Ashok Chavan is also facing a tough fight. His wife Amita Chavan is contesting from the bastion of Chavan family Bhokar assembly seat earlier held by Ashok Chavan. Although Chavan bagged two parliamentary seats in the recent elections from his area, the BJP has made inroads into his bastion by inducting Dr. Madhav Kinhalkar into the BJP at the last minute; He had contested last election on BJP ticket and fought the legal battle of paid news against Chavan.
Chavan is also facing internal problems as Bhaskarrao Patil Khatgaonkar, who is the brother in law of the late Ashok Chavan. He was a member of parliament for three times from Nanded and has joined the BJP to take the revenge on the Chavan dynasty in Nanded. Khatgaonkar has grassroots level contacts.
Suryakanta Patil, former MP of the NCP has also joined the BJP and has a traditional base in Hadgaon and Bhokar blocks. It is important to note that the BJP made every efforts to woo senior Congress leaders with the sole intention of demolishing the Congress in its stronghold of Nanded.
Amit Deshmukh, son of former chief minister late Vilasrao Deshmukh, is also facing a tough fight in the family bastion of Latur Assembly constituency.
According to local political analysts, Amit's over confidence and his failure in maintaining the age old coordinal relations with his electorate, who were solidly behind his father. The people are unhappy with the functioning of the Congress led Municipal Corporation and inability to address the serious issue of water availability in Latur city. The water supply is irregular in Latur. The Congress candidate had to face defeat in the last parliamentary elections.
However, the NCP minister Jaidatta Kshirsagar seems to be in a very comfortable position with his strong network in Beed and the OBCs and minorities are in his favor compared to his nearest rival  Vinayak Mete, hardcore Maratha leader of Shiv Sangram Parishad, who is fighting as an ally of the BJP.
The fight between two cousin brothers, Rana Jagjitsingh, son of Dr. Padmasingh Patil, close aide of Sharad Pawar and Omraje Nimbalkar of Shiv Sena will be very fascinating. Moreover, the fight between members of the the former chief minister Shivaji Rao Patil Nilangekar family, Ashok Patil Nilangekar, and Sambhaji Patil Nilangekar of the BJP has generated a lot of curiosity in the region.
The rebels like Prashant Bamb, an independent MLA who joined the BJP on the eve of election will be significant players because the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance fought over the seat of Gangapur, for which Uddhav Thackeray was insisting.
This move has been criticized by Udhav Thackeray, who stated that the last minute entrants became more beloved than the 25 years old alliance. The old guard of Shiv Sena, Kishanchand Tanwani has joined the BJP at the last minute and is contesting election from Aurangabad central. It will be a close contest between two old guards Pradeep Jaiswal of Shiv Sena and Mr. Tanwani of the BJP, where MM Shaikh, former MLC is banking on minority votes, which may benefit him following the division of the Hindu votes.
11

Vasundhara Raje takes a dig at PM Modi  says one man cannot win pollsOct 09, 2014 at  04:05pm IST
Vasundhara Raje takes a dig at PM Modi, says one man cannot win polls
37
0
Jaipur: In what is being viewed as a veiled attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje's said that if anyone thinks winning assembly and parliamentary polls in Rajasthan has been possible because of one person, they must think again.
Raje's pending Cabinet expansion has been a bone of contention between her and the Centre for the past few months. Nine months into power, Raje's Cabinet only comprises of 11 ministers. Sources say the expansion is pending due to differences with the Centre on the names of prospective Cabinet members.
The Chief Minister's office, however, said Raje was talking about her own self when she made those comments. "In the elections you did wonders, I want to thank you for it. You did not leave any stone unturned. Rajasthan got 25/25 in LS polls and 163/200 MLAs in assembly all thanks to you. If anyone thinks this has been possible because of me they need to think again," she said while speaking at the inauguration of a flyover in Jaipur.
"Everyone must understand the power of people. They day people love and support you everything becomes possible. The day people turn away everything ends. So we know that you are our power," Raje added.
36

Black money issue: Indian  Swiss officials to meet soonPress Trust of India | New Delhi/berne | Posted: October 9, 2014 3:24 pm
Indian and Swiss government officials are expected to meet in the coming weeks as both countries seek to address issues revolving around alleged black money stashed away by Indians in Swiss banks.
This could possibly be the first high level meeting of officials from the two countries after a new government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to power in May. The government has stated that it will make all efforts to bring back illicit wealth parked by its citizens in foreign jurisdictions.
“There will be a meeting of government officials within the next weeks,” a Federal Department of Finance spokesperson told PTI from Berne, but did not disclose any specific details.
Switzerland has been refusing to share details on names obtained by Indian authorities through other countries, namely France and Germany, saying they figured in lists stolen by certain ex-employees of the concerned banks and no details can be shared on the basis of illegally-obtained information.
A high-level delegation from Switzerland had held discussions on tax matters with Indian government officials in New Delhi in February this year.
Earlier, the Swiss government had invited Indian delegation to visit Switzerland for discussing tax matters.
“As written to the Indian government, the Swiss government would like to welcome a delegation of administration officials from India to discuss further cooperation in tax matters in Berne, after the talks in February 2014 in India,” a Federal Department of Finance had said in July.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, in July, had informed Parliament that Switzerland has raised some legal issues with regard to providing details of Indian citizens who have parked illegal funds in Swiss banks.
Asserting that the government was making all efforts to get details of such accounts, Jaitley had also said it was collecting evidence in this regard.
After amendments were made to the Double Taxation Avoidance Convention (DTAC) with Switzerland in October 2011, India has made several requests seeking information about its nationals holding bank accounts in Swiss banks.
Swiss National Bank data showed that total money of Indians in Swiss banks increased to Rs 14,100 crore at the end of 2013, from Rs 8,547 crore a year ago.
Meanwhile, a Special Investigation Team (SIT), chaired by former Supreme Court judge Justice M B Shah, is looking into
the menace of black money.
Separately, Switzerland has started a process to put in place the necessary framework for automatic exchange of information on tax matters with the US, European Union and “further selected countries”.

Army closely monitoring stone-pelting incidents  presence of IS flagPress Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: October 9, 2014 3:56 pm
In the wake of stone-pelting incidents and alleged presence of Islamic State (IS) flag during a rally here, Army on Thursday said it is closely monitoring the situation and the issue was getting the highest concern of all security agencies.
“Certainly, we are watching and closely monitoring the situation as it were. As per my inputs, there was one incident of the kind that you refer to that of the (IS) flag. We are watching the situation as this is something which merits the highest concern of all security agencies and let me tell you that it is getting the attention of all the security agencies,” General Officer Commanding (GoC) of the Army’s Srinagar-based 15 Corps, Lt Gen Subrata Saha said.
Lt Gen Saha said the stone-pelting incidents on the choppers involved in rescue and relief operations during the floods last month were “isolated” and driven by “angst” among the people.
“Those were isolated incidents. Isolated incidents of, I would say, angst rather than anger… because it is driven by a complex web of uncertainties in their mind which transitions from having to worry about food, medicines, education for children, their own livelihood, their money, so on and so forth,” he said.
The army commander said such incidents were dealt in a befitting manner under the prevalent circumstances.
“They were isolated incidents and we have dealt with them in a manner which was befitting to the circumstances of that kind,” he said.
Lt Gen Saha rejected the reports of militants carrying out rescue operations in south Kashmir during the floods saying, “we have no such reports whatsoever”.

CCI clears JSW Steel s acquisition of Welspu...CCI clears JSW Steel's acquisition of Welspun Maxsteel
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 03.44PM IST
Tags:
CCI
(JSW Steel's proposed…)
NEW DELHI: Steel major JSW Steel's proposed over Rs 1,000 crore deal to acquire sponge iron maker Welspun Maxsteel has got the approval from the Competition Commission.
According to the fair trade regulator the proposed deal is "not likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India."
On August 18 this year, JSW Steel had entered into a 'Share Purchase Agreement' with Welspun Enterprises to acquire entire shareholding of Welspun Maxsteel. Welspun Maxsteel is promoted by Welspun Enterprises.
The deal involves acquisition of entire stake of Welspun Maxsteel from Welspun Enterprises, including the equity shares held through its affiliates.
In a recently released order, the Competition Commission of India ( CCI ) observed, among others, that sponge iron industry in India had the presence of large number of players and the market share of Welspun Maxsteel in production of sponge iron is "insignificant".
It also noted that "JSW Steel has purchased a limited quantity of sponge iron from Welspun Maxsteel mostly for captive consumption."
"However, the same constitutes an insignificant proportion of the overall purchase of sponge iron by JSW Steel in India," the fair trade regulator said.
Going by details in the order, JSW Steel makes steel products with facilities located at Vijayanagar (Karnataka), Salem (Tamil Nadu) and Dolvi (Maharashtra). It also produces sponge iron which is mainly used for captive consumption in its facility at Dolvi in Raigad district of Maharashtra.
Meanwhile, Welspun Maxsteel manufactures sponge iron at its production facility located in Raigad district of Maharashtra.
In a statement, JSW Steel had said that it would acquire the shareholding of Welspun Maxsteel held by Welspun Enterprises "for an enterprise value of Rs 1,000 crore plus net current assets."
Further, the steel major had said that Welspun Maxsteel was in close proximity to its Dolvi unit, offering complementary infrastructure and location to augment the current envisaged expansions.
The entities had approached the fair trade regulator for its approval on August 20.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Our forces will make cost of Pak s  adventurism  unaffordable  says JaitleyAs firing from across the border declined following strong retaliatory response by India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Friday said Pakistan has been taught a "befitting lesson" with the Army "shutting their mouth".
         
"Pakistan has got a befitting lesson. They will not dare to repeat it again. Our jawans have shut their mouth," he said addressing an election rally at Dhamangaon in Maharashtra.
         
The Prime Minister said those living close to the border with Pakistan who had to leave their homes following nine days of heavy mortar shelling and firing will be adequately compensated by the Centre.
         
"I assure you, the government of India will act promptly to provide adequate compensation to those who had to leave their homes due to shelling and migrate elsewhere," he said.
         
Modi also slammed Congress for targeting him over his government's response to Pakistan's aggression.
         
"Congress is busy issuing statements over what is happening on the Pakistan border. This not the time for empty 'boli' (talk) by them, but for 'goli' (bullet) by our jawans," he said.
A lady clears her damaged house after heavy firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Kanachak village in Jammu. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
 Meanwhile Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif Friday called for honouring the sanctity of the border with India. 
Sharif, who chaired a National Security Committee (NSC) meeting, said that Pakistan's desire for peace should not be misunderstood, Dawn  Online reported.
The meeting was attended by Pakistan's interior minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan, defence minister Khawaja Asif, the advisor to prime minister on national security and foreign affairs Sartaj Aziz and senior military officers.
The top military leadership briefed the meeting about the latest situation along the Line of Control and the International Boundary and said that Pakistani forces were only firing in self-defence and not targeting civilian areas.
 Sharif also deplored the loss of lives in the Pakistani side as a result of the firing.
Except for  firing by Pakistan in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district for about 20 minutes at four  BSF outposts, there for was no firing along the IB on Thursday night. 
Read: Pak’s logic for targeting border stumps Army, BSF
"There was no cross-border firing during the intervening night of October 9 and 10 along the International Border in Jammu and Samba districts", a BSF spokesperson said.
 The IB has witnessed heavy firing for nine days that has left eight persons dead and injured nearly 90 people, including 13 security personnel.
 
Besides over 32,000 people have fled from their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.
 
India and Pakistan troops traded heavy fire along the IB on the intervening night of October 7 and 8 after Pakistan Rangers shelled almost the entire IB by targeting 60 outposts and over 130 border hamlets in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts of Jammu and Kashmir, in which 15 people including 3 BSF jawans were injured.
Earlier on Thursday defence minister Arun Jaitley warned Pakistan that it would have to pay an “unaffordable” price if it persisted with unprovoked firing along the border, upping the ante amid the most intense fighting between the South Asian rivals in over a decade.
“If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable for it,” Jaitley told a press conference. “India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor but at the same time it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory.”
Watch: Pakistan to pay ‘unaffordable’ price for their ‘adventurism’: Arun Jaitley
Jaitley said Indian forces were doing a commendable job in the face of acts of aggression by Pakistan and ruled out talks until the firing continued.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said India responded to the aggression from across the border with courage.
“The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated,” Modi told an election rally in Maharashtra's Baramati on Thursday .
“Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage.”
Read: To minimise casualties, BSF asks locals to restrict movement
This is the first major fighting with Pakistan that the Prime Minister has dealt with since winning the election in May. It comes after weeks of destabilising anti-government protests in Pakistan and just a few days ahead of state assembly elections, for which Modi has been campaigning.
While exchanges of sporadic fire are common along the border, the extent and intensity of the exchanges and the number of civilian deaths is unusual
Analysts say the violence comes at a time when Pakistan's army is taking a more assertive role in the country’s politics while India has toughened its stance ahead of assembly elections this month.

No end to shelling along fencing line on the International Border in J&KJharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Mark Zuckerberg addresses the first Internet.org summit in New Delhi; to meet PM Modi on October 10Oct 09, 2014 at 03:26pm IST
Mark Zuckerberg addresses the first Internet.org summit in New Delhi; to meet PM Modi on October 10
30
2
New Delhi: Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, who is on a two-day visit to India, the second biggest market for the social networking giant, addressed the first Internet.org summit on October 9 in New Delhi.
Addressing the summit, Zuckergberg said that more than one billion people don't have the Internet access in India and added that, he would be meeting the Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday and would discuss how Indian villages could get access to the Internet.
Emphasising the need of the Internet, Zuckberg says, when people are connected, accomplishments are easy.
#facebook #mark zuckerberg #internet #social networking
Indicating what stops most of the users in India to access the Internet, Zuckerberg said, "Lack of relevant local language content is why most Indians don't use the Internet". This is what keeps the Internet restricted to a limited section of the society. To fill the gap, Facebook is working in rural India to improve Internet connectivity.
Emphasising the need of the Internet, Zuckberg said, when people are connected, accomplishments are easy; connected people have better access to technology, education and jobs.
Speaking at the summmit, Zuckerberg also highlighted a few interesting facts: 25 per cent fewer women are connected compared to men; 80 per cent of content on the Internet are just in 10 languages, while there are 22 official languages in India; 65 per cent of people use Facebook in a language other than English, including 10 Indian languages.
Zuckerberg is the third high profile CEO of a US-based corporation, after Amazon's Jeff Bezos and Micrsoft's Satya Nadella, to visit India in last few days.
In July, Facebook's Chief Operating Officer Sandberg visited India. She had met Modi, who has effectively used social networking during his election campaign and later even in governance.
'Internet.Org' aims to make Internet access affordable for people across the globe.
Focussed on enabling the next five billion people without Internet access to come online, the founding members of the project include Facebook, Ericsson, MediaTek, Nokia, Opera, Qualcomm and Samsung.
The partners are collaborating on developing lower-cost, higher-quality smartphones and deploying Internet access in under-served communities.
The Internet.org summit will bring together experts, officials and industry leaders to focus on ways to deliver more Internet services for people in languages other than English.
India is an important market for the social networking company. With over one billion users globally, the company gets over 100 million users from India. Many of these users log onto the website from their mobile devices.
482

Red Bull Won t Give You Wings -- But It Will Give You $10red bull won t give you wings -- but it will give you $10
Bandhan Bank appoints FIS Intl to develop core banking toolBandhan Bank appoints FIS Intl to develop core banking tool
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Oct 9:  
The upcoming Bandhan Bank has appointed FIS International, one of the largest banking and payments technology solutions provider globally, to develop its core banking software solutions.
According to a release issued by FIS, the global major will help Bandhan by providing and managing a fully integrated banking and payments platform through a totally outsourced delivery model.
This will include the core banking, channel solutions, treasury, trade finance, and an entire suite of payments services that includes debit card management and interback connectivity.
Bandhan, the country’s largest micro-finance institution, was granted an “in-principle” banking licence by the Reserve Bank of India earlier this year.
Bandhan is expected to start banking operations by September 2015 with about 600 branches and operations across 27 states.
“Our comprehensive, in-country servicing capabilities will allow Bandhan to launch its operations whilst remaining focused on bringing financial opportunities to large numbers of people across India,” Raja Gopalakrishnan, Group Managing Director – Asia-Pacific and CO, FIS International, said.
“Bandhan is relying on FIS to manage its entire banking infrastructure so that it can focus on the economic needs of its customers and on how to most effectively promote its business,” he added.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

AP: Limestone mining lease to Jaganmohan Reddys company declared lapsedAP: Limestone mining lease to Jaganmohan Reddy’s company declared lapsed
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 9:  
Dealing another blow to YSR Congress President YS Jaganmohan Reddy, the Andhra Pradesh Government today officially declared as “lapsed” the limestone mining lease granted to his Saraswathi Power and Industries Limited in Guntur district of the state.
The then YS Rajasekhara Reddy government had in May 2009 granted the 30-year lease to Saraswathi, in which Jagan is a director, for extraction of limestone in an area of 613 hectares spread over three villages, for setting up a cement plant.
The Director of Mines and Geology reported to the state government in August 2011 that the mining lease has lapsed as it was “not working” and “kept idle” against relevant rules.
The Government also served a show cause notice to the company in February 2012 asking why the mining lease should not be cancelled in view of non-fulfilment of conditions.
The company did not respond but the government in June 2012 issued a second notice. Though the company replied to the second show cause notice, the Director of Mines reported that it was “not satisfactory“.
“There was no request for extension of time and no efforts have been made by the company for establishment of cement plant near the lease-hold area despite lapse of five years,” Industries Principle Secretary J S V Prasad said in an order today.
“After duly following due procedure under the rules and keeping in view the complete failure of the company to fulfil the mining lease conditions, the government hereby declares the mining lease held by Saraswathi Power and Industries Limited, officially, as lapsed under Rule 28 (1) of Mineral Concession Rules with effect from August 20, 2011,” Prasad said.
He said the company failed to establish the cement plant for captive purpose and also failed to furnish environmental clearance from Union Ministry of Environment and Forests.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Sensex vaults 390 points on global cuesSensex vaults 390 points on global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
Snapping its three-session losing streak, the benchmark BSE Sensex staged a strong comeback by rising 400 points today on fresh spells of buying by foreign funds and investors amid positive global cues.
Expectation of a recovery in EBITDA margins of companies ahead of Q2FY15 earnings season and global cues saw the NIfty and the Sensex open in the green. The Nifty opened 44 points up at 7,887 while the Sensex opened 147 points up at 26,394.
Besides, appreciating rupee which strengthened to 60.90 against the dollar and easing global crude prices that have hit two-year low, buoyed sentiments.
The 30-share barometer had lost over 383 points in the previous three sessions.
The Sensex zoomed 390 points or 1.49 per cent to end at 26,637 while the NSE Nifty jumped 118 points or 1.5 per cent to 7,960.
All sectoral indices were in the green led by capital goods, realty and banks with gains of up to 3 per cent. Volatility was down 6.78 per cent with the India Vix quoting at 13.15.
BHEL (+8.3%), Hindalco (+6%), SBI (+2.84%), HDFC (2.68%) and ICICI Bank (+2.64%) were the top gainers in the Sensex 30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better, tracking rebound on other Asian markets in response to minutes from the US Federal Reserve indicating that policymakers are wary about raising interest rates sooner than later.
Global markets
World stock markets roared their approval on Thursday of reassurances the US Federal Reserve will not rush into raising interest rates, with risk appetite flooding back into almost every asset class. The dollar jolted lower, while oil and commodity prices rose.
Bond yields in large parts of Europe, which have plunged during years of cheap funding from the Fed and the world's other major central banks, hit new record lows.
Minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 meeting published late on Wednesday showed officials were wary about the dual threats of a stronger dollar and recent wobbles in the world economy as they seek an eventual exit from record low rates.
There were big gains on Wall Street and for Asia stocks, and European shares duly followed suit as Britain's FTSE 100 , Germany's DAX and France's CAC 40 rose 0.7, 1.2 and 0.8 per cent respectively in early trading.
"It (the Fed's message) has stabilised risk appetite and it was well needed following the macro economic disappointments we have had recently," said Hans Peterson, global head of asset allocation at SEB investment management.
"It is a burning issue, the pace of U.S. interest rate rises. They will tighten of course, but it will probably be very slow."
Even news that German exports slumped 5.8 per cent in August -- their biggest fall since the height of the financial crisis in January 2009, and yet another sign that Europe's largest economy is faltering -- failed to dampen the mood.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan , which touched its lowest level since March in the previous session, was up about 1.2 per cent in late trade.
Japan's Nikkei share average skidded 0.8 per cent, however, as the yen rose against the weakened dollar.
Gold, which also tends to benefit from loose monetary policy, climbed to its highest in about two weeks, with spot gold rising about 0.4 per cent to $1,226.40 an ounce. The Fed was not the only central bank in action though. The British pound stood at $1.6165, steady on the day and holding above an 11-month low of $1.5943 on Monday, ahead of the Bank of England's policy announcement later in the session. The bank is expected to keep rates steady near record lows.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Kano: playful way to tinker with tech© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1509ec80-4e09-11e4-adfe-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cong-NCP split a farce  both involved in Looto Baato Tax  says Narendra ModiComments
The split between the two is a farce meant to divert your attention," he said at a poll rally here in Ahmednagar district. (Source: PTI photo)
Calling Congress-NCP split in Maharashtra a “farce”, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said they were one and the separation was meant to divert the attention of voters ahead of the Assembly poll.
“Congress and NCP parted ways just ahead of the poll. But everybody knows that these parties are actually one, they belong to the same clan, their nature and character is same.
The split between the two is a farce meant to divert your attention,” he said at a poll rally here in Ahmednagar district.
Accusing the erstwhile Congress-NCP dispensation in Maharashtra of being steeped in corruption, Modi said had it utilised the 15 years it was in power for the uplift of the people, the state would have been far ahead in terms of growth and law and order.
“15 years is not a small time. If their government had utilised its time for the uplift of people, to stop suicide by farmers, in maintaining law and order, in punishing terrorists in the harshest possible way and in providing employment to the youth, Maharashtra would have been far ahead than what it is today,” Modi said.
He said the government was only in the “business of stealing the hard earned money of traders through Local Bodies Tax (LBT)” which he called “Looto Baato Tax (rob and share tax).”
“Today there is nothing left due to corruption by these politicians. There was corruption in providing homes to the widows of Kargil martyrs and in the Mid-Day Meal scheme for children. They have looted everything they could get their hands on,” Modi said.
Modi said the priority of his government was to provide employment to the youth.
“Our priority is to generate employment for the youth of this country. They (Congress-NCP) have made this state ‘scam
Maharashtra’ which we want to change and make ‘skill Maharashtra’.
“Maharashtra has suffered a lot. Give BJP an absolute majority so the government in the state can work in tandem with the Centre, so that we can together work for Maharashtra with 11 times more strength and vigour,” he said.
Modi said his government was working for the uplift of farmers and to check incidents of suicide by them.
“When I was in America, I met the CEO of Pepsi. I told her if they could add just 5 per cent of fresh fruit juice to their soft drinks, it will change the lives of our farmers drastically.
“Then our farmers will not have to go out to sell their produce. Multinational companies will come to their doorsteps to buy their produce at remunerative prices. This is the first step towards improving the agricultural environment in our country,” Modi said.
He said the reason why continued…

Madras HC dismisses PIL against Jayalalithaas removal as CMThe petitioner had contended that Panneerselvam taking oath as CM was usurpation of office. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: October 9, 2014 4:17 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 4:25 pm
Madras High Court on Thursday dismissed a PIL challenging the change of guard in Tamil Nadu with the swearing in of Panneerselvam as Chief Minister after AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa was convicted in an illegal assets case.
A bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Justice M. Sathyanarayanan dismissed the PIL filed by an advocate, Prabhakaran, observing that he had no locus standi.
The petitioner had contended that Jayalalithaa, sentenced to four years imprisonment by a Bangalore court attracting disqualification as MLA under Representation of Peoples Act, had not attracted disqualification (as Chief Minister) and Panneerselvam taking oath as CM was usurpation of office.
Disqualification as a member of assembly would only result in the person losing the membership of the legislature and not the ministership, he had submitted.
The Supreme Court judgement (on disqualification) must be distinguished as being inapplicable to the ministers but being applicable only to the MLAs MPs and MLCs since according to the Constitution, the post of Chief Minister or the Prime Minister was different from that of membership of legislature.
The two posts are kept under separate chapter – Executive and not under Legislature – in the Constitution, he argued.
He also alleged the state Governor failed to act in consonant with the Constitutional provision as pronounced by the Constitutional Bench of Supreme Court wherein it had been stated that the Governor must obtain the opinion of Election Commission and shall act according to such opinion in matters of disqualification.
In the present case, the Governor did not consult anybody, no disqualification process was set in motion and no report was sent to the Centre or the President. Instead, in a “hurried manner without any due process of law” he had administered the oath of office to Pannerselvam.
The petitioner had prayed for a direction to declare Jayalalithaa as the Chief Minister based on the oath of Secrecy taken by her on May 16, 2014.

Early Diwali on D-Street Sensex adds 390 pts; rally to sustainEarly Diwali on Dalal Street? Sensex rallies over 400 points
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 04.45PM IST
Tags:
Analyst
(Most analysts on the Dalal…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex galloped by as much as 442 points in trade on Thursday to snap its three-day fall, after the US Federal Reserve in its latest policy meet last night reassured investors that the central bank is in no hurry to raise interest rates.
Most analysts on the Dalal Street see this more of a pull-back rally from key support levels and the bounce looks very much sustainable considering the fact that cyclicals are now leading the rally.
Apart from technical factors - some analysts even call this a pre-Diwali rally, which may push the Nifty index to a fresh record high of levels above 8300.
"The Indian markets zoomed above 400 points in trade, led by a smart rally seen in cyclical stocks. Being in the festive season, the current rally can also be seen as a pre-Diwali rally, which may push the Nifty to an all-time high level of 8315," said A K Prabhakar, Independent Market Expert.
"The only dampener could come from the outcome of the Assembly election. Otherwise this rally will be led by banks, metal & cap goods," he added.
The S&P BSE Sensex finally closed 390.49 points higher at 26637.28 and the Nifty ended 117.85 points higher at 7690.55 on Thursday.
Overnight, the US stocks ended higher by over 1 per cent with major indexes posting their biggest one-day jumps of 2014. Tracking gains on the Wall Street , both the Asian and European stocks duly followed suit.
"I believe that the S&P 500 has bottomed out yesterday and that is leading to a bottoming out of all markets. Dollar index seems to have topped out for the moment and chances are that we have begun a new upswing," said Ashwani Gujral , Fund Manager , Ashwanigujral.com.
"An upswing is possible and we can make a new high because this low of about 7820 was higher than the previous low. So basically people should reassume long positions because clearly cyclicals are leading this rally," he added.
Gujral is of the view that whenever cyclicals lead the market, generally the moves on the indices are stronger. So it still remains a market that should be bought.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs), which have been the backbone of over 25 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex so far in the year 2014, became net sellers in the past couple of weeks.
FIIs have sold net equities worth Rs 2172.90 crore in the last five trading sessions, while domestic institutional investors (DIIs) remained net buyers.
"After yesterday's horrible trading session, Thursday is a big relief. I would like to see that FII flows now continue to get positive," said Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com.
"Yesterday we had a big negative number (FIIs sold equities worth Rs 1440.99 crore. So, as long as the liquidity flows continue to be negative, that would be the only break for this upside," he added.
Technically, the Nifty found support near 7800 where there was a falling trendline support. The level of 7840 was largely seen as a trend reversal level and if the index would have closed below this level today, then further downside was seen in the offing, say analysts.
"From the levels of 7800, the index has bounced sharply and has crossed a short-term falling trendline as well as the 40-Day Exponential Moving Average," said Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan Ltd.
"On the higher side, 8000-8030 will be the key resistance zone to watch out for. If the index manages to cross this hurdle on closing basis, then the index will have a significant upside potential for itself," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 5 reasons why today s rally looks sustainableYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends 390 points up; top 5 reasons why today's rally is sustainable
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 03.50PM IST
(All the sectoral indices…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty bounced back after three days of decline and closed above 7,950 as sentiment turned bullish in global markets as the US Federal Reserve's indicated interest rates will not be hiked earlier than expected.
The Sensex ended the day at 26,637.28; up 390.49 points.
The Nifty shut shop at 7,960.55; up 117.85 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index rallied 1.82 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index surged 1.54 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index gained 3.01 per cent, the S&P BSE Bankex was 2.41 per cent higher, the S&P BSE Power Index advanced 2.25 per cent and the S&P BSE Metal Index advanced 1.76 per cent.
BHEL (up 8.16 per cent), Hindalco (up 5.51 per cent), Zee Entertainment (up 5.10 per cent), Ambuja Cements (up 3.89 per cent) and Punjab National Bank (up 3.33 per cent) were among the Nifty gainers.
Tech Mahindra (2.55 per cent), Jindal Steel (0.60 per cent), NMDC (0.56 per cent), NTPC (0.49 per cent) and Wipro (0.48 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the NSE with 923 gainers against 217 losers.
(All figures except for Sensex and Nifty are provisional)
Market analysts say looking at today's gains, it appears the pull-back move may last in the near term.
Following are five reasons why today's rally could be sustainable, at least in the near term:
Dovish stance of the US Fed: The US Federal Reserve officials today stressed that the interest rates hike will take some time. According to analysts, the US Federal Reserv''s comments appear to be dovish.
According to reports, officials at the Federal Open Market Committee meeting were wary of strengthening dollar amid weak eurozone, slowdown in China and Japan and elevated geopolitical risks.
'Easy money' has been entering the Indian markets due to low interest rates in the US. This trend saw a reversal following the indication of a rate hike.
It appears that as long as low interest rates continue, inflows will continue in the India. "It certainly helps the sentiment of the markets. The Fed has used every opportunity to change the rules and they would like to keep the rates low for as long as possible. But they also have to remember that the composition of the FOMC in 2015 will be a lot more dovish than it was this year. There will be a few changes there. So the first interest rate hike will come later rather than sooner," said Hans Goetti, Head of Investment-Asia, Banque Internationale a Luxembourg (BIL) to ET Now.
Sharp decline in crude oil prices: A sharp spike in the US dollar index has led to a sharp correction in the global commodity prices. Crude oil is in a bear market and fell to a 27-month low due to a strong dollar. This is a positive for the Indian economy. India's major import is crude oil prices.
Lower crude oil prices not only help in improving India's current account deficit, but at the same time take care of subsidy burden on oil marketing and fertilizers companies. It also helps in taming inflation and bringing in RBI's target range.
"The recent fall in global commodity prices provides an opportunity to contain inflationary expectations. The fall in the crude prices is a silver lining for the Indian markets in terms of reducing oil subsidies and import bill," said Dipen Shah Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Other metal commodities have also declined recently on concerns of a slowdown in China. This is likely to help Indian manufacturing companies as it will lower their raw material costs.
Stable Indian rupee: The US dollar has appreciated by almost 10 per cent against the Euro, 7.5 per cent against the Japanese Yen and 5 per cent + against Pound in the last five months.
Yet, the Indian rupee has shown quite a bit of resilience and has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent in the same period.
"Oil prices have dropped by nearly 15 per cent whereas the rupee has depreciated by only 2.5 per cent, giving a huge cost saving of nearly 12.5 per cent on the largest import bill for the country," said Sachin Shah- Fund Manager, Emkay Investment Managers.
Pre-emptive steps by the central bank have helped the Indian currency from a steep fall. There have been reports of RBI's intervention to prevent the rupee from slipping below 62 per dollar. According to analysts, it looks unlikely that the rupee will fall below 63 per dollar till next financial year.
IMF forecasts higher GDP growth for India: The International Monetary Fund has cut global growth forecast and that for emerging market economies as a whole. The IMF expects global economy to grow by 3.8 per cent next year, lower than its July forecast of 4 per cent. However, IMF has raised India's growth forecast to 5.6 per cent for 2014 from 5.4 per cent earlier.

Go for mid- and small-cap counters to make money  say experts; top stocks to bet onBSE sensex
(The small and midcap stocks…)
NEW DELHI: Mid and small cap stocks have always caught the traders' fancy in the past and the year 2014 is no different. This is evident from the fact that both the BSE Mid and the Small cap index have outperformed the BSE Sensex so far in the year.
The small and midcap stocks have given stellar returns to investors in the last eight months, but further outperformance will depend on earnings growth as the valuations of most companies have exceeded fundamentals.
When it comes down to high extraordinary returns in a quick time - small and midcap stocks have always been leaders of the pack and vice-versa in case the trend heads southwards.
However, quality stocks will still remain winners and analysts are advising to focus on quality rather than quantity, considering the fact that most stocks have already rallied a lot.
"People would just casually buy stocks at this point of time after such a huge rise. They have to be very selective. It is a stock-picker's paradise even today and I am a strong believer of that," said Porinju Veliyath, MD & Portfolio Manager, Equity Intelligence India.
"I am convinced that the value is lying in the midcap and the small cap segment. See the kind of blue chips, people invested in Hindustan Levers and ITCs of the world. They are not making much money if you see in the last one year," he added.
Veliyath is of the view that there is huge money yet to be made in spite of the big rise and one thing that investors have to bear in mind is that there is a significant difference between a good company and a good stock.
The broader markets got a fresh lease of life in anticipation of a strong rebound in economy. Most of the midcap stocks have been languishing after the market crash of 2008.
The valuations of most companies have surged while the earnings are yet to catch up. In case the earnings disappoint this quarter as well, there might be some pressure in the richly-valued stocks.
It is all about picking the right stocks with professional management, consistent growth rate, stable margins and comfortable debt levels.
Most of the companies which have faced selling pressure are among those with considerable debt on books, say analysts, and investors should look for companies based on bottom up approach.
As defined by Investopedia, the bottom-up approach assumes that individual companies can do well even in an industry that is not performing very well.
"The rally, which was triggered by the euphoria because of change in government, is over. Now the market will consolidate and look for real action on the policy front as well as on the earnings and demand front," said Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL Group.
"Now the rally will be driven more by bottom-up stock picking, actual policy and actual implementation of the projects," he added.
We have collated a list of top midcap investment ideas from different analysts as well as brokerage firms:
Porinju Veliyath, MD & Portfolio Manager, Equity Intelligence India
Link Pen was my personal investment. India has got a huge advantage over China in making pens, and pen continues to be a very important segment, even though it is small.
NIIT Ltd is a stock I have recently acquired in our portfolio. It is a turnaround story and this has been ignored in the last few years. Of course it is a very big brand name, the management is very professional and their new offering in the corporate learning segment is really picking up.
Swelect Energy is sitting on a huge cash of around Rs 550 crore from last year. So basically they have the cash and the company was available at Rs 130 crore and they are venturing into a very attractive and futuristic business of solar energy and management. The stock can become a multibagger from these levels, depending on how the solar industry in India progresses.
Elara Securities:
Navneet Publication: Consistent growth to deliver better valuations
Navneet Publication should witness steady topline growth driven by syllabus changes, healthy traction in the newly-started CBSE textbooks and export orders. We expect an 18 per cent YoY revenue growth to Rs 1.7bn. The management is confident of 18 per cent growth over the next 2-3 years, owing to the syllabus change schedule until FY16-17, CBSE business and likely launch in other states.
Despite the recent run up, the brokerage firm believes that the stock is still priced attractively at just 13.3x FY16E earnings, given its asset-light balance sheet, consistent FCF and robust 25%-plus return ratios.
 
Entertainment Network - Moderate growth; Awaiting Phase III
Entertainment Network India has reached high capacity utilization levels of over 90 per cent. The brokerage firm expects the company to report healthy 13 per cent revenue growth, driven by higher volume and better yield.
Tree House Education - Continues on a growth spree

Young brigade impressesUpdated: October 9, 2014 16:53 IST
Young brigade impresses
Shreya Devnath with J. Vaidyanathan (mridangam) and B.S. Purushotham. Photo: Special arrangement
The Hindu Ashwath Narayanan. Photo: K.V. Srinviasan
The Hindu Amritha Murali. Photo: M Vedhan.
TOPICS
music
They were in tune with the classical idiom.
One remarkable aspect in the concert of Amritha Murali at the Gokulashtami series, was her meticulous concern to retain the classical flavour by setting aside exhibitionism.
With vividness and consistency, she revealed the dignity and grace of the two major ragas she delineated - Kalyani and Thodi. There was no extravagance of vocal technique in mounting sancharas in alapanas and nothing more than what was necessary for picturising the ragas. The progressive pattern in Kalyani and Thodi was not a mere run of sanchara clusters but selective to light up the essentially beauteous aspects. The main appeal of the cutcheri was the restraint she observed in elaboration conferring felicitous expression. In every respect, there was a touch of music’s heritage.
This objective was strengthened by the choice of the kirtanas. The not often heard song ‘Nijamarmamulanu’ in Umabharanam gave a spirited start to the performance. Her flexibility of voice giving gana-naya integration to sahitya interpretation was to be seen in every kirtana she rendered. Modulation of tonal expression in this area was highly impressive. Melodic stimulation in enunciating the sahitya was supreme in her mind.
The rendering of the Kalyani song ‘Sive-paahi-maam’ and the Todi piece ‘Kamalambike’ was intensely vigorous, but all the same gentle. She brought into her concert depth and content served with harmony and balance. ‘Ninnuvina-harigalada’ in Ritigowla with a brief alapana was another weighty song included in her programme.
Good selection of kirtanas made for the success of Amritha’s performance. The accompanying team also had a share. The support of violinist Charulatha Ramanujam was both sensitive and deep. In a few gentle phrasings, in her solo version, she revealed delicacy in violin tone, more eloquent than assertive rhetoric. Similar was the subdued percussive aid from Manoj Siva on the mridangam. Not till the tani was the presence of ganjira artist S. Venkataramanan noticeable.
The Lalgudi bani in tact
In her violin recital, Shreya Devnath held the mirror to the Lalgudi legacy of parampara, perfection and precision. She has not only inherited the unique technique of violin play but also the basics of what constitutes quality music.
Shreya’s fingering dexterity, especially in the raga alapana, and her clear bowing technique came to the fore in her exposition of ragas Anandabhairavi and Kalyani. Her kirtana playing was crisp with emphasis on sahitya aspect. Her happy co-ordination of fingering and bowing was seen in the ragam, thanam, pallavi.
The arrangement and progress of sancharis in Ananda Bhairavi, brought out the peaceful emotion of the raga. The kriti ‘Marivare’ was marked by richness and subtlety. The Kalyani elaboration for the kriti ‘Kamalambam Bhajare’ presented the picturesque facets of the raga and kirtana. These two kritis formed the core of her performance, which was inviting and musically satisfying.
In J. Vaidyanathan (mridangam) and Purushothaman (ganjira), Shreya had perfect percussive support. Their thani was brief but sparkling.
Subtle shades
The impression that Ashwath Narayanan created was to convey depth rooted in classical dimension- mainly because his exposition was gamaka-driven eschewing flimsy brigas. His well-trained deep-toned voice gave direction to his objective. In his elaboration of alapanas, the raga complex was replete with refined panels of sancharas. Though at the beginning Saveri raga was treated at length (brevity could have made its impact intense) the later Poorvikalyani carved fine and expressive sancharas. In this exercise, there were subtle gamaka nuances.
Ashwath Narayanan’s communicative skill made the presentation of ‘Sankari Sankuru’ remarkably expressive of its rhythmic structure and its pervasive excellence. While he has a good insight into vocalisation, Ashwath’s tara sthayi negotiations required softness and volume control. That would have added sensitivity and raga bhava of Poorvikalyani and Saveri would have come out in true perspective. Overall, his visranti was a rare factor that is hard to come by in many young artists. This aspect contributed to the blending of vocal idiom with classical stature heading to azutham cloaked in elusive felicity.
Though these two items dominated the concert, the handling of Sriranjani song ‘Songasuga mridanga taalamu’ and the Suddha Seemantini kirtana ‘Janaki Ramana’ were gently flowing. ‘Budham-Asrayami’ (Natakurinji) spoke of his familiarity with vilamba kala demands.
S.P. Ananta Padmanabhan on the violin in his solo was compact with sancharas well stitched to Saveri and Poorvikalyani shades. The percussive emphatic rhythm, fine korvai structuring and criss-cross patterns came to the fore in the erudite tani by Mudhra Bhaskar on the mridangam.
What alapana is to a vocalist is tala manodharma to the mridangist. His tani had both brilliance and depth. The ghatam player B. Subba Rao followed Mudhra Bhaskar to the best of his abilities.

http://usat.ly/1sh6TNEFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Report: NBC held talks with Stewart for Meet the Press
Jon Stewart as a serious TV network journalist? The comedian and host of The Daily Show is trending on Twitter Wednesday afternoon after New York Magazine published a report that he was approached by NBC News
Post to Facebook
Report: NBC held talks with Stewart for Meet the Press Jon Stewart as a serious TV network journalist? The comedian and host of The Daily Show is trending on Twitter Wednesday afternoon after New York Magazine published a report that he was approached by NBC News Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xqtVRr
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
20
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Report: NBC held talks with Stewart for Meet the Press
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 9:13 p.m. EDT October 8, 2014
Jon Stewart
645 CONNECT 100 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 20 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Jon Stewart as a serious TV network journalist?
The comedian and host of "The Daily Show" is trending on Twitter Wednesday afternoon after New York Magazine published a report that he was approached by NBC News for the job of hosting "Meet the Press."
The report, written by media reporter Gabriel Sherman and citing three anonymous sources, says NBC News president Deborah Turness held negotiations with Stewart and was prepared to compensate him handsomely.
"They were ready to back the Brink's truck up," a source told Sherman.
NBC News didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Chuck Todd, NBC News' political director, took the job and made his debut last month.
In August, Turness fired the show's previous host, David Gregory, and sought to overhaul the show to stem its sagging ratings.
Todd, who hosted "The Daily Rundown" on MSNBC, had been rumored to be Gregory's replacement as its tradition of grilling DC lawmakers would remain a key part of the show.
But some media critics called for a radically different approach and fresh segments to reinvigorate the brand. More than one cited "The Daily Show" as a model that could work in drawing younger audiences while retaining journalistic integrity. Turness apparently had the same idea.
NBC Entertainment also sought to hire Stewart several years ago for a 10 p.m. variety show, the report said.
Stewart took a break from the show last year to direct the film Rosewater, based on the book Then They Came for Me by Maziar Bahari.
645 CONNECT 100 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 20 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xqtVRr
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

http://usat.ly/1vQwexMFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Delay joke goes awry; flier claims she was booted for tweets
It turned out to be quite a night for the passengers and crew on JetBlue Flight 760 from Philadelphia to Boston on Tuesday.  The flight apparently was delayed after a passenger's joke about a delay was
Post to Facebook
Delay joke goes awry; flier claims she was booted for tweets It turned out to be quite a night for the passengers and crew on JetBlue Flight 760 from Philadelphia to Boston on Tuesday.  The flight apparently was delayed after a passenger's joke about a delay was Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vQwexM
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
24
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Delay joke goes awry; flier claims she was booted for tweets
Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 6:04 p.m. EDT October 8, 2014
JetBlue planes at California's Long Beach Airport on Oct. 25, 2011.
(Photo: Reed Saxon, AP)
117 CONNECT 59 TWEET 21 LINKEDIN 24 COMMENTEMAILMORE
It turned out to be quite a night for the passengers and crew on JetBlue Flight 760 from Philadelphia to Boston on Tuesday.
The flight was already delayed when a passenger's joke about the delay apparently was interpreted to be an accusation that the pilot may have been drinking. Then a passenger on the flight went on to claim that her attempt to chronicle the ensuing kerfuffle via social media got her booted off the flight — a charge that JetBlue adamantly denies.
Here's how it all got started:
Citing "passenger accounts on Twitter," Philadelphia's Fox 29 TV says one flier on the flight apparently made a delay-related joke to the pilot, saying: "This flight's late, were you at the bar?"
WCVB TV of Boston quotes another passeger as offering a slightly different account of the joke, quoting that flier as saying something like: "I hope there is a fully stocked bar onboard."
Regardless of the exact wording, however, the joke's delivery apparently fell flat; the pilot interpreted it to be an accusation of drinking on the job. That led to passengers being taken off the plane so that the pilot could be given a sobriety test. The pilot passed the test and was cleared to fly. Flight 760 finally departed nearly four hours late, taking off just after midnight Wednesday morning.
In a statement to WPVI TV of Philadelphia , JetBlue acknowledged that Flight 760 "experienced a delay prior to departure due to a customer's accusation of a pilot being intoxicated. As a precautionary measure, a sobriety test was conducted. The test demonstrated the pilot was sober and as a result, he was cleared to perform his duties. Customers boarded the aircraft which departed PHL at 12:03 a.m. and arrived in BOS at 1:12 a.m.."
But that wasn't the end of the story.
Lisa Carter-Knight, a passenger on Flight 760, had been tweeting what she saw as the situation as it unfolded.  But when passengers reboarded the aircraft following the pilot's sobriety test, Carter-Knight was told she would not be allowed back on the plane, according to Boston's WCVB.
"JetBlue has denied me service at all on any flight back to Boston because a pilot made a decision that my social media interaction with my friends and family was not appropriate and was not going to be tolerated by him. So, I was thrown off the flight tonight," Carter-Knight told Fox 29 from Philadelphia International at around 2 a.m. ET on Wednesday morning.
But, JetBlue insists the customer was not removed from the flight because of anything she said on social media.
"It is not our practice to remove a customer for expressing criticism of their experience in any medium," JetBlue says in a statement that appears to suggest other factors were involved.
"We will remove a customer if they are disruptive and the crew evaluates that there is a risk of escalation which could lead to an unsafe environment," the carrier adds in its statement to Today in the Sky. "The decision to remove a customer from a flight is not taken lightly. If we feel a customer is not complying with safety instructions, exhibits objectionable behavior or causes conflict at the gate or on the aircraft, the customer will be asked to deplane or will be denied boarding especially if the crew feels the situation runs the risk of accelerating in the air. In this instance, the customer received a refund and chose to fly on another carrier."
117 CONNECT 59 TWEET 21 LINKEDIN 24 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vQwexM
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014
Ready for your dream vacation?
Save time. Get connected for FREE to travel specialists. The journey starts right here at tripology.com
To begin, I'm interested in:
(Check all that apply)

the Financial Times todayBusinessmen are ‘serfs’ in Putin’s Russia, warns Sergei Pugachev
By Catherine Belton and Neil Buckley in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab541ee8-4e4c-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rep. Hensarling s view of Obamanomicsrep. hensarling s view of obamanomics
If you run over someones foot with your stroller  please say youre sorryExceptions don't apply. (Reuters/Kai Pfaffenbach)
SHARE
L. Eric James
October 9, 2014
I was on a flight a few days ago and experienced something I can only title: “The Obnoxious Couple and the Magical Baby of Entitlement.”
I travel at least four flights a week for work—from home to a hub to a destination and then back each week. I have seen thousands if not tens of thousands of passengers. Prior to boarding one of my flights this week, I watched as a couple pushing an empty stroller rushed through the waiting area to the ticket counter. The woman had an infant of no more than a few months old strapped to her chest. In the process of reaching the counter, they actually ran over the foot of a fellow passenger with their stroller. They did not pause in their headlong dash to the counter to apologize or even offer a brief “sorry.”
Once at the counter the couple (very loudly—in what my wife and I refer to as an “outdoor voice”) declared: “We need to get on the plane first. We have a baby.” The gate attendant assured them that they would be able to board in the first part of the process. They harrumphed and moved to stand right in front of the jetbridge blocking any others (even the flight crew had to go around them). They were the first people on the plane.
As people were boarding, the couple sat in a window and an aisle seat. I was across the aisle from them in the other aisle seat, perfectly positioned to watch the theater that would continue to unfold throughout the flight. When the person who had reserved the aisle seat arrived, he was asked to find another seat because “We have a baby.” The flight attendant tried to explain what “infant in arms” meant, but to no effect. The phrase “But we have a baby!” was repeated no less than four times. Finally, he gave up and let them have the seat.
They continued to talk in their “outdoor voices,” filling the plane with a review of their recent stay and inane topics like why they really liked flip-flops and how the American political system could be overhauled (one of them had a British accent). When asked to reduce the volume of their discourse, they replied to the flight attendant, “It’s okay—we have a baby.” He shrugged his shoulders and left to distribute snacks and beverages.
When it came to their turn, they asked for extra pretzels. Reason: “We have a baby.” I am not quite sure how having a baby necessitates extra pretzels, especially when the baby is too small to eat solid food.
My fellow passengers and I were later treated to the view of a diaper change—the baby was a boy—and to a discussion on the color and smell of the poo in the diaper (which most of us could have commented on as well). When the people ahead of them started to have a conversation in a low voice about something (I was just across the aisle and I couldn’t hear) the couple was quick to shush them because the strange voice “might wake the baby.”
As we deplaned, the man stood up and demanded that the four rows ahead of them stay seated so they could deplane first “because they had a baby.”
Yet with all that went on, no one—including me—had the courage to denounce their impolite and inconsiderate behavior. We knew we would be lambasted for violating the sanctified premise that—just because you managed to reproduce—the resulting entity makes you far superior to those around you (even the ones who have likewise managed to reproduce but are not carrying the physical evidence of their success).
The Magical Baby of Entitlement meant they had a great flight at the expense of the other 146 passengers and that they never once doubted their “rights” to have anything and everything they desired. After all, they had a baby.
We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Share this:

Top retail news of the weekTop retail news of the week
ISL  a platform for many to redeem their careers: MasihISL  a platform for many to redeem their careers: Masih
PM on ceasefire issue: Responded with courage | Pak to pay  unaffordable  price: JaitleyPM on ceasefire issue: Responded with courage | Pak to pay  unaffordable  price: Jaitley
Super Domestic Machines reports standalone net profit of Rs 0.01 crore in the June 2014 quarterSuper Domestic Machines reports standalone net profit of Rs 0.01 crore in the June 2014 quarter
BSF giving a befitting reply to Pakistan: Rajnath SinghBSF giving a befitting reply to Pakistan: Rajnath Singh
Investment worth USD 100 bn has applied for visa to India: PMInvestment worth USD 100 bn has applied for visa to India: PM
Cox & Kings soars on getting nod to raise Rs 1 200 croreCox & Kings soars on getting nod to raise Rs 1 200 crore
Bronze Infra-Tech: Outcome of board meetingOct 09, 2014, 04.42 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bronze Infra-Tech: Outcome of board meeting
Bronze Infra-Tech has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 08, 2014, has considered and approved the following matters:- 1. Migration of the company from BSE SME platform to Main Board of BSE Ltd.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bronze Infra-Tech: Outcome of board meeting
Bronze Infra-Tech has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 08, 2014, has considered and approved the following matters:- 1. Migration of the company from BSE SME platform to Main Board of BSE Ltd.
Post your opinion here
 
Bronze Infra-Tech Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 08, 2014, has considered and approved the following matters:-1. Migration of the company from BSE SME platform to Main Board of BSE Ltd.2. Appointed Mr. Anurag Fatehpuria, Practicing Company Secretary to act as a scrutinizer for Postal Ballot Process for migration from BSE SME Platform to Main Board of BSE Ltd.3. Authorized any Director of the Company to supervise and carryout the Postal Ballot process till its completion for the migration from BSE SME platform to Main Board of BSE Ltd.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

UltraTechC ement: Q2 results on Oct 18  2014Oct 09, 2014, 04.41 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
UltraTechC ement: Q2 results on Oct 18, 2014
UltraTech Cement has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 18, 2014, to consider and approve the un-audited financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
UltraTechC ement: Q2 results on Oct 18, 2014
UltraTech Cement has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 18, 2014, to consider and approve the un-audited financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).
Post your opinion here
 
UltraTech Cement Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on October 18, 2014, to consider and approve the un-audited financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2014 (Q2).In terms of the Company’s Code of Conduct for prevention of Insider Trading, the trading window for dealing in the securities of the Company has been closed from October 01, 2014 and will remain closed uptil 24 hours after the announcement of the financial results to the public.Source : BSE

CIPLA: PRESCRIPTION FOR GROWTHAlthough India remains one of the best games amongst emerging markets, incremental outflows can be seen flowing into north Asia, specifically China and Korea in near-term, says Manishi Raychaudhuri of BNP Paribas....
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

Ericsson bags 4G network deal from Bharti AirtelE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hardcastle to invest Rs 850 cr to add 250 McDonald s outletsHardcastle to invest Rs 850 cr to add 250 McDonald's outlets
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 09, 2014 03:32 PM IST
Hardcastle Restaurants, McDonald's franchisee for West and South India operations, will invest up to Rs 850 crore to add 250 outlets of the US fast food chain within 3-5 years.
"We will invest Rs 800-850 crore in the next three to five years to open 250 outlets in the West and South regions. This investment includes adding 175 to 200 McCafe coffee shops," Hardcastle Restaurants Vice-Chairman Amit Jatia told PTI.
McCafe, which was introduced in India in October 2013, is opened within a McDonald's outlet. At present, Hardcastle operates 192 McDonald's outlets.
On growth plans, Jatia said: "We have been evolving continuously. We have been re-imaging our outlets, adapting menu and expanding rapidly to grow in the Indian market. On the menu side, in the next 5 years we will do a lot more to bring McDonald's global products in India."
When asked about the increasing competition in the burger category from players like KFC and Dunkin' Donuts, Jatia said: "McDonald's will continue to have a leadership position in the burger space. I believe that competition will only grow the western fast food segment of the market. India market is huge and there is ample space for all players."
Jatia said though same store sales have been on a decline due to negative consumer sentiments owing to economic slowdown but with a new government, he expects it to improve in the next 6-12 months.
McDonald's operations in North and East regions in India were used to be run by Connaught Plaza Restaurants through a joint venture with the US fast food chain. However, the partners are currently involved in a legal spat over management control.

No more a flight riskNo more a flight risk
Ashwini Phadnis
Tweet
The DGCA has launched a Know Your Rights section on its portal for travellers
Worried as to how your aged and wheelchair-bound parents will manage check-in and security at Chennai airport and then collect their bags when they reach Delhi after their flight? All you have to do is call up the airline they are flying 48 hours before the journey and ask it to make arrangements for special assistance to be provided to them.
Concerned that you are not being refunded the entire amount due to you because you decided to cancel your ticket?
Don’t worry. This useful information and much more is only a click of a button away on your Internet-connected mobile phone, tablet, laptop or personal computer. All you have to do is log on to the newly started Know Your Rights site (http://www.dgca.nic.in/kyrdgca/KYR_portal.html) a new initiative of the airline watchdog, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation.
The site tells you exactly how much of a refund you will get if you have booked a ticket and now want to cancel it. The components of an air ticket that an airline has to refund in case you cancel your ticket include passenger services fee, airport development fee/user development fee and service tax. And in case you are a passenger with a disability and you are off-loaded even if you have a confirmed ticket, a remote possibility but a possibility nonetheless, then you and your escorts, if you have any, are given the highest priority for transportation.
For those who want to know how much of what they pay for flying goes to whom, the website also lists various components that constitute the fare that you pay for travelling from one city to another (this has the airline component which has the basic fare, airline fuel charge, Common User Equipment Fee, if applicable, and a convenience fee if the booking was made through credit or debit card, and also a passenger service fee which is charged by the Airports Authority of India for the airports that it manages and by private sector airport operators for the airports that they maintain. Private sector players also charge a user development fee.
The Government also gets a share of the ticket price as the service tax on the fare goes to it).
In case you are not satisfied following up on any of these useful pointers provided on the website or if your case is not solved within the stipulated time frame you also have the option of taking up the matter with DGCA by logging on to sugam.dgca@nic.in or even complain to other statutory bodies as set up under relevant laws.
Sugam promises to acknowledge and follow up your complaint and direct the concerned airline or airport operator for redress of the complaint by directly dealing with the aggrieved customer.
Further, the Passenger Grievance Cell (PGC) which has been set up in the office of the DGCA is meant to ensure that an aggrieved passenger gets a satisfactory response in a timely manner. However, a word of caution here: While the intention behind these measures meant to inform and empower flyers is good, you should be prepared to spend time and energy on following up on your complaint. In theory the website provides very comprehensive basic information and also guides users to relevant sites and details about civil aviation requirements in case they want more details or clarity. How this will actually work in practice is something that remains to be seen. For the time being it provides another consolation that help may be at hand in case you are offloaded when you have a valid ticket or that you get all the money due to you in case you cancel your flight booking.
Vitamin C is a weekly dose of consumer empowerment
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Brand for the buck  or notZandu Balm
Janis Joplin
Name songs which have brands in them, complimentary references or not, endorsements or not, we asked. Here are some, to start with, some Indian ones.
Kannum Kannum Nokia from Anniyan (Tamil) – now, Nokia here is a play on the Tamil word for see but many think it has something to do with the mobile phone brand. Madonna Paadala Nee from the Tamil movie Kaadhala Kaadhala mentions Cadbury, Pepsi and Complan. Then there’s Munni Badnaam Hui from Dabangg where there is a mention of Zandu Balm, Fevicol Se from Dabangg 2, and Rado and Gucci feature in Pappu Can’t Dance Saala.
In Western pop, there is Janis Joplin’s Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz, Come together by the Beatles that mentions Coca-Cola, the Eagles’ Hotel California mentions Tiffany and Mercedes Benz, and Fashion by Lady Gaga mentions Fendi, Prada, Valentino, Armani and Jimmy Choo. As a respondent to this question put it, almost every American hip-hop rap song contains every brand of liquor and luxury brand names. Also, any song by Pitbull is bound to also have some brand name dropped, she says.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Ten new must-buy gaming titles for Xbox One  PS4Story
Titles for the new console
A gaming console is of little use if you don't have existing tiles to play on it. Here are the top games for these consoles which should be on your buy list.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: September 2014
Call of Duty: Advance Warfare is a shooting game set in 2054
A gaming console is of little use if you don't have existing tiles to play on it. Here are the top games for these consoles which should be on your buy list.
THE LAST OF US REMASTERED
The last of US remastered
This game combines survival skills and action to keep you engaged in an amazing gaming experience. Published by SCEA, this game has been developed by Naughty Dog.
Price: Rs 2,749/PS4
CALL OF DUTY: ADVANCE WARFARE
Call of duty: Advance warfare
This shooting game is set in 2054. The game features exo-suits, mech-suits, hover bikes and invisible helicopters, but you also get to hear the voice of Academy Award winning actor Kevin Spacey, who plays the role of Jonathan Irons, CEO of Atlas Corporation.
Price: To be launched/PS4, Xbox One
BATTLEFIELD HARDLINE
Battlefield hardline
Battlefield Hardline is a first-person shooter video game. The two primary factions in this game are the Special Response Units of the police and the criminals. The fun is to experience a variety of military-grade vehicles and weapons as well as police equipment.
Price: To be launched/PS4, Xbox One
MURDERED SOUL SUPSECT
Murdered soul supsect
This is an action-adventure video game developed by Airtight Games and published by Square Enix. The game is set in Salem, Massachusetts. Ronan O'Connor, a skilled detective, is violently murdered by a monstrous and relentless killer when he gets caught in the midst of a burglary. Ronan returns as a ghost to uncover the mystery.
Price: Rs 3,999/PS4, Xbox One
FAR CRY
Far cry
This game has been boosted to be larger and grander than the previous three games in the franchise. The backdrop of the doom follows the player as he advances to conquer and scavenge.
Price: To be launched/PS4, Xbox One
DRIVECLUB
DriveClub
This is a racing game designed to experience the thrill. It has been developed by Evolution Studios. You can experience the rush of high-speed racing or join a racing club to see what Drive Club is all about.
Price: Rs 3,999/PS4
FIFA 15
FIFA 15
Football is one of the most favourite console games. Developed by EA Canada and published by EA Sports, FIFA 15 is a single-player/multiplayer sports association football simulation video game. It is the latest installment in EA's FIFA series of football video games.
Price: Xbox One Rs 3,499 ; PS4 Rs 3,999
ASSASSIN'S CREED UNITY
Assassin's creed unity
The Assassin's Creed Unity is a single-player/online multiplayer historic action adventure game set in Paris during the French Revolution. The game showcases the most immersive and dense Assassin's Creed city ever created.
Price: Rs 3,499 / PS4, Xbox One
WOLFENSTEIN: THE NEW ORDER
Wolfenstein: the new order
This is an action adventure firstperson shooting game developed my Machine Games. Players control Blazkowicz as he attempts to halt the Nazi operation and restore justice in the world.
Price: Xbox One Rs 3,999 ; PS4 Rs 4,299
WATCH DOGS
Watch dogs
The Watch Dogs is a hacking-oriented game in an open-world playground. You will be fascinated by the futuristic representation of Chicago. This is an engaging, action-packed game.
Price: Rs 3,599/Xbox One

Grilled gourmet delightsUpdated: October 8, 2014 16:03 IST
Grilled gourmet delights
The Hindu Paneer Sashlik at Villa Maya. Photo: Anton Babu
The Hindu Boti kebab. Photo: Anton Babu
The Hindu Dessert being flambeed. Photo: Anton Babu
The Hindu Dessert at Villa Maya. Photo: Anton Babu
TOPICS
food and dining (general)
The grill fete at Villa Maya combines global and local ingredients to create a royal spread
Who wouldn’t want to dine like a king? A regal treat awaits foodies at Villa Maya restaurant at Eenchakkal where a grill fete is on. The old world yet contemporary ambience of the restaurant, coupled with live music, sets the right mood for a feast befitting a king.
However, we had to wait quite a while for the gourmet treat as all the tables were full and by the time we took our seats, our stomachs had started to grumble. A quick scan of the menu made me realise that I had never heard of most of the exotic dishes and so I took the help of the chef to order our starters – Boti Kebab and Paneer Shaslik. The former had barbeque grilled beef, which was succulent and mixed well with the mint chutney. Paneer generally tends to be rubbery or watery but this paneer along with yoghurt dip was truly heavenly; it just melted in the mouth. In fact, I liked it more than the Boti Kebab, which is quite the compliment coming from a full-blooded non-vegetarian like me. “Custom-made paneer curdled at the right temperature is the secret behind the softness,” explained Shine Sreevisakhan, the executive chef.
The Beef Kalbi Steak, a delicacy of Korea, which comprised a juicy steak with rice noodles and grilled vegetables, was our main course. The tenderloin steak was one of the softest I have ever had and I didn’t have to exert myself much to cut it, which usually is not the case. The potato wedges too were lip-smacking good – crispy on the outside and juicy inside. The noodles, the capsicum and the mushrooms all blended well with the steak even while retaining their distinct flavours.
The crowning glory however was the dessert- `Bananeflambee et crepe au chocolat’, which was flambéed next to our table as part of the restaurant’s “interactive cooking” theme. It was a true visual delight to see the flames give finishing touches to the dish, incidentally, a prelude to the gastronomic delight which awaited us. The toasted banana layered between crepes and caramel sauce was a perfect example of taking a local ingredient and creating a dish of global standards. The flourless chocolate cake, our next dessert, was piping hot but we quickly dug into delectable portions of the extremely fluffy cake since the chef had warned us it would lose its flavour in 15 minutes.
True to the adage, good things do come to those who wait. Nonetheless, it’s best to make reservations ahead of your visit. The Grill fete is on till October 19, from 7 p.m. onwards. Contact: 2578901

What to do with dying suburban office buildings Turn them into schoolsBy Jonathan O'Connell October 8 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
By some measures, the office market in Northern Virginia is as bad as it’s been in 25 years . Few companies are expanding and those that are increasingly choose from a small pool of buildings that are within walking distance of public transit, restaurants and other amenities.
Other building owners are weighing whether they should lower rents, wait until demand picks up or — if things get really bad — consider futures for their office buildings other than as office buildings. Among the possible escape clauses one might consider: turning those old office buildings into schools.
About 700 students elementary students began classes last month at 6245 Leesburg Pike, a retrofitted office building in Falls Church. It’s a unique project in a lot of ways but it may not be for long.
Students in a hybrid theater-library space at Baileys Crossroads Upper Elementary. (Courtesy Cooper Carry)
“In the D.C. market, the properties that are Class A, that are near Metro or are in Arlington or downtown, are holding their value pretty well,” said Lauren Perry Ford an architect at Cooper Carry . “But anything another notch below that really struggles. So people who might not otherwise be looking around are looking for partners to see how they can put their property to the highest and best use.”
Perry Ford is head of Cooper Carry’s education practice group in its Washington-area office. Most of the group’s work is for colleges and universities. But because of a confluence of circumstances, she said, one of the fastest growing lines of business is in K-12 education.
Many of these conditions came into play in the Leesburg Pike project. For one, the office market in the area is hurting. As bad as things are in the rest of Northern Virginia, they are far worse in the Falls Church-Baileys Crossroads area. The office vacancy rate is 33 percent, 12 points higher than two years ago and two-and-a-half times the rate in the rest of Fairfax County. Space is being vacated far faster than it is being leased up (what the industry calls negative absorption).
6245 Leesburg Pike (Courtesy Cooper Carry)
But while the office buildings in Falls Church and Baileys Crossroads are increasingly empty, the schools are packed to the brim, thanks to a booming residential population . Last year, Baileys Elementary was 30 percent over capacity, with more than 1,300 students. Overcrowding became such a problem that the school system brought in more than a dozen trailers for expanded classroom space.
So a deal was struck: Fairfax County bought  6245 Leesburg Pike  in December for a little more than $9 million. Then came the matter of turning the nearly L-shaped, five-story brick office complex and its surface parking lots into a suitable school for third- through fifth-graders. 
Schools are often required to adhere to more strict safety requirements than offices, Perry Ford said, sometimes requiring upgrades for fire proofing or more accessible fire exits and stairwells.
Classrooms can often be easily partitioned off from office suites. Cooper Carry, hired to retrofit the Leesburg Pike building, created a series of “pods” that allow students of similar grades to either all be on the same floor or to be connected by a stairwell through the floorplate. Principal Marie Lemmon showed them off mid-construction:
Creating more uniquely shaped spaces — gymnasiums, libraries and theaters — can be more difficult. In this case, Cooper Carry built a two-story hybrid theater-library space with stadium seating, as well as a music room with a movable divider that allows for larger performance spaces. It also designed four fitness rooms variously equipped with a ballet bar, rowing machines, a golf simulator and interactive games for Wii and Xbox systems.
A more traditional gymnasium where one could play basketball or volleyball, along with playing fields, will have to be constructed separately later.
The school-in-an-office building idea didn’t go over so hot at the outset with parents.
“They were somewhat concerned at first,” Perry Ford said. “It’s just not the elementary school package that they are used to seeing. But by the end of the project they really kind of embraced it.”
One of the school’s official colors, orange, is in abundance. (Courtesy Cooper Carry)
Not every office building would work as a school, even if the economics allow it. But Perry Ford said parents and school officials in urbanizing areas are going to have to become more accustomed to the idea, as those in Manhattan and parts of Chicago already have. It’s too expensive to find available land and build schools from scratch. “They used to be able to get a piece of virgin land and have all the fields they wanted and that’s just not available anymore … no public school district is going to be able to afford that,” she said.
Northern Virginia is one of the areas where the firm is seeing more interest from either developers or local officials interested in office-to-school projects, but it isn’t the only one. In North Atlanta, Cooper Carry turned a former 56-acre IBM office complex into a high school with riverfront views.
In that case, a structured parking lot was retained and new playing fields were plotted on what had been surface parking.
“As they are urbanizing, these areas really do recognize the green space and the parks that they do have, so going vertical is becoming more viable,” she said.
No gymnasium yet, but there are “fitness rooms.” (Courtesy Cooper Carry)
Last month, after the $10 million renovation, the new Baileys Crossroads Upper Elementary School for Arts and Sciences opened its doors.
Fairfax County Public Schools Superintendent Karen Garza showed up to welcome the students  on their first day, saying for a county video that, “I think once our community sees inside and sees what wonderful educational spaces can be created in a vertical, five-story building or multi-story building,  I think they’ll be very, very pleased.”
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Kris Gopalakrishnan bids farewell to InfosysNarayana Murthy says no moments of regret, Kris not to opt for politics
PTI     Bangalore   Last Updated: October 8, 2014  | 22:13 IST
Infosys Founders Kris Gopalakrishnan and N R Narayanmurthy at the farewell event in Infosys headquarters in Bengaluru on Wednesday. PTI Photo by Shailendra Bhojak.
Kris Gopalakrishnan, the last among its founders to leave Infosys , was on Wednesday given a farewell at the company headquarters where co-founder N R Narayana Murthy said he had no regrets about his controversial second come back.
"I have no regrets at all. Life is about doing certain things and not doing certain things. At the end of the day, it is the sum total of all this.... So I have no regrets," said Murthy flanked by other founders including Nandan Nilekani who had a brief stint in politics and unsuccessfully contested last Lok Sabha elections from Bangalore.
Seven co-founders, led by Murthy, set up the city-based firm in 1981. Murthy had the longest run of about 21 years as CEO before passing the baton to Nandan Nilekani and then Gopalakrishnan and S D Shibulal.
Murthy returned to the over $8 billion firm for a second stint as Chairman in June last year after Infosys hit rough waters, falling behind peers like TCS and HCL Technologies. Murthy, who brought his son Rohan along in the second stint, quit in June following a spate of senior executives leaving the company.
He and Gopalakrishnan stepped down as executive chairman and executive vice chairman, respectively, on June 14. They, however, continue on the board till October 10 as non- executive chairman and non-executive vice chairman.
Murthy, who will be designated as Chairman Emeritus from October 11, said listing of Infosys on Nasdaq, the first by an Indian company, was high point of his career.
S Gopalakrishnan, or Kris as he is fondly known, said he is not set out for politics.
"In my case, at least at this point, no political ambitions at all. I don't think I am set out for politics," he said when asked if he too will join politics like his former colleagues Nilekani and V Balakrishnan.
He added he is looking at pursuing two areas, research and entrepreneurship, in the days ahead.
In August this year, Infosys appointed former SAP board member Vishal Sikka as its CEO and Managing Director.
Sikka is the first outsider (and not part of the co-founder's club) to lead the Bangalore-based firm. He took over from Shibulal.
Talking about the transition, Shibulal said it is like any other transition at any other firm. "This is an organisation with very strong values and beliefs. It believes in speed and innovation and I hope they will continue to be preserved."
"We leave with the satisfaction of taking this company from a market value of Rs 28.5 crores on the day of listing in India in 1993 to Rs 2,00,000 crores today, a return of 6,50,000 per cent over 21 years-a CAGR of 89 per cent," Murthy said. .
At the farewell function held at the company's headquarters, the founding team with Murthy, K Dinesh, Nandan Nilekani, Shibulal, Kris and N S Raghavan were present.
Reminiscing his stint at Infosys, Kris said computers have become ubiquitous and created a large industry, both in products and services.
"The Internet has connected the world. I have been fortunate to be part of this industry for the last 35 years of its 70 years. I was fortunate that my passion for computing became my profession, and that I was able to make an impact in this industry through Infosys, through the innovations we pioneered and the jobs we created," he said.
Speaking about the importance of connecting with customers for business success, Nilekani said building client relationships, based on intimacy and empathy, ranked among his top three priorities for business organisations.
"But intimacy is not only about knowing your client; it is also your ticket to mindshare. And anyone who has business experience will tell you that mindshare always precedes share of market, or of wallet. This is the reason why a number of CEOs at global organisations passionately voice their commitment to ?listening on the job?," he said.
Speaking about his last role as the head of Quality at Infosys, Dinesh said the firm has earned the sustained trust of stakeholders.

ASK launches Rs.1 500 real estate fundUpdated: October 8, 2014 22:16 IST
ASK launches Rs.1,500 real estate fund
Special Correspondent
company information
ASK Property Investment Advisors, the real estate private equity arm of the ASK group, has launched its Rs.1,500 crore fourth real estate fund, Ask Real Estate Special Opportunities Fund II. The fund will invest predominantly in self-liquidating residential projects in Mumbai, Pune, Chennai, Bangalore, Delhi NCR and Hyderabad. The fund plans to raise capital through domestic institutions and high net worth individuals.

Fed officials saw global slowdown risks to U.S. outlookFed officials saw global slowdown risks to U.S. outlook
Fed officials saw global slowdown risks to U.S. outlook
Federal Reserve policy makers at their last meeting said a global slowdown and a stronger dollar posed potential risks to the outlook for the U.S. economy.
Federal Reserve policy makers at their last meeting said a global slowdown and a stronger dollar posed potential risks to the outlook for the U.S. economy.

Office to home conversions threaten CityOffice to home conversions threaten future of City
Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/60e4114a-4edf-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Venezuela: Crisis avertedSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Industrial output likely rose 2.4% in Aug: PollIndustrial output likely rose by 2.4 per cent in August, says survey
Siddharth Iyer     Bangalore   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 10:41 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Domestic industrial output probably bounced in August from a four-month low, driven by solid growth in core industries, although a broader economic recovery is likely still some distance away, a Reuters survey found.
Production at factories, mines and utilities likely rose an annual 2.4 per cent in August, up from the 0.5 per cent rise in July, according to the poll of 26 economists. The government will release the output data on Friday.
The consensus reflects optimism about higher production in the electricity, cement, coal and steel industries.
But manufacturing output has more catching up to do. Growth in the sector is well below the near 10 per cent peak in late 2009 and 2011 - in part due to stubbornly-high inflation and borrowing costs, which have led to weak investment and demand.
Data last week showed output in eight core industries, which account for more than a third of overall factory production , rose 5.8 per cent in August over the previous year, up from 2.7 per cent in July.
"The more important point really is that even if it (factory output) shows a slight pickup... It is still extremely weak and shows a lot more work still needs to done," said Shilan Shah, economist at Capital Economics.
Private surveys are telling a similar story. Factory activity expanded at its weakest pace in nine months in September as growth in new orders slowed, according to HSBC's PMI survey of businesses.
"PMIs in the last couple of months have... Fallen back and although the relationship isn't exactly one-to-one, (they) suggest that IP is going to remain very weak," Shah added.
The afterglow of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's election victory in May helped the country's lumbering economy register its fastest growth in two-and-a-half years for the quarter ending in June.
But the Prime Minister is yet to launch big-bang reforms needed to propel the economy back to a near double-digit annual growth and bring down stubbornly high inflation. Soaring prices of essential food items have squeezed the country's consumers and in turn, has hurt capital investment.
(Reuters)

BJP banks on Mundes daughter PankajaBEED (Maharashtra), October 9, 2014
Updated: October 9, 2014 02:17 IST
BJP banks on Munde’s daughter Pankaja
Alok Deshpande
Pankaja Munde, elder daughter of former Union Minister Gopinath Munde who died in a road accident in New Delhi, is the new OBC face of the BJP.
Gopinath Munde, who belonged to the Vanjari community, was considered the tallest OBC leader of the State.
Seeking to cash in on the sympathy triggered by the demise of Munde and his hold on the OBC community, the BJP is banking heavily on his daughter — its candidate for the Parli Assembly seat — to retain the party base.
Such was the popularity of Munde that Prime Minister Narendra Modi commenced his Assembly election campaign from here with an acknowledgment that had Munde been alive there would have been no need for him to canvass for votes. Sena chose not to put up a candidate against her.
Later, BJP president Amit Shah had asked the 35-year-old Ms. Munde to campaign all over the State. There has even been talk that she is the best bet for the BJP as Chief Minister if the party wins.
Kingmaker
When this correspondent caught up with her she had no hesitation in claiming that that she will be the kingmaker in the post-poll scenario. “I don’t aspire to be the CM. But I will be responsible for putting the BJP in a position to claim that post,” she told The Hindu. “I won’t say no if that responsibility is given to me. Those things can be discussed after the elections,” she said.
Her younger sister Preetam Munde-Khade got elected to the Lok Sabha in the Beed by-poll.
In 2009, except for Pankaja’s Parli Assembly segment, the NCP won the other five seats in Beed district. Now, the NCP has fielded Pankaja’s cousin Dhananjay Munde from Parli. Known as a party of Maratha leaders, the NCP hopes not only to garner Maratha votes, but also divide OBC votes by fielding Dhananjay, an OBC. “I prefer not to comment on my sister Pankaja. I am seeking votes on development which I brought to this constituency as an MLC,” he said.

Government to take a call on Flipkart complaintsdiscount sale
("We have received many inputs.…)
BANGALORE: The government will look into the flood of complaints from traders regarding Flipkart's Big Billion Day sale and take a call on whether more clarity is required in the e-commerce retail policy, commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman said on Wednesday.
Flipkart offered steep discounts on various products in its October 6 sale and rival Amazon is set to follow with festive discounts starting October 10. The sale led to protests from brick and mortar retailers, big and small, which said they will be hurt by such campaigns.
"We have received many inputs. Lots of concerns have been expressed. We will look into it," Sitharaman said. A Flipkart spokesperson said all prices were set by vendors. "We are an e-marketplace where sellers sell directly to buyers without stepping out of their workplace," the spokesperson said in an email.
"They decide the price and only they can change the prices in the system." The BJP government has opposed foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail over concerns it would impact small traders, though it has not reversed the opening of the sector by the former UPA government. Foreign investment in e-commerce is not allowed.
Flipkart and other online retailers have structured themselves as marketplaces to be able to take advantage of the exploding e-commerce market while staying on the right side of the policy. When asked whether the government was considering any particular policy for e-commerce retailing, Sitharaman said the matter would be looked into.
"Now there are many complaints. We will study the matter," the minister said. "Whether there is a need for a separate policy or some kind of clarification is needed, we will make it clear soon." Flipkart has said that its Big Billion Day sale saw 1.5 million people shopping at its portal with sales worth $100 million.
The Confederation of All India Traders lobby group had demanded the commerce and industry ministry take steps to monitor and regulate online businesses. It has also sought a probe into the business model and trade practices of e-commerce companies to find out how they were offering huge discounts during the ongoing festive season.
On the issue of Nokia suspending operations at its Chennai plant, Sitharaman said the government will look into the issue. "We will certainly see how best (such) matters don't occur again and we will encourage the 'Make In India' campaign," she said, referring to PM Narendra Modi's strategy to boost manufacturing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CBI moves HC seeking cancellation of Chautala s interim bailComments
Indian National Lok Dal Supremo Om Prakash Chautala addresses an election rally in Kurukshetra on Tuesday. State President Ashok Arora also seen. (Source: PTI)
The CBI on Thursday moved the Delhi High Court seeking cancellation of interim bail granted to former Haryana Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala in the JBT teachers recruitment scam case, saying he violated bail conditions.
The counsel for the probe agency mentioned the application before a bench of Justices B D Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul and sought an urgent hearing, submitting that the INLD leader, who had been granted bail on medical grounds, has been campaigning for Haryana Assembly elections in violation of bail conditions.
The CBI also wanted Chautala’s date of surrender to be preponed from October 17.
The former Chief Minister, who has been convicted and sentenced to 10 years jail term in the JBT teachers recruitment scam case, had on September 26 volunteered to surrender after which the court had fixed October 17.
“I have already issued a notice on a similar application earlier,” the court said today on CBI’s plea.
“That application was moved by a third party,” the counsel for the CBI replied.
“Then get it listed for hearing today itself,” the court said.
The CBI, in its fresh plea, has also sought a direction to Gurgaon-based Medanta hospital to explain as to how an ‘ailing’ Chautala has been allowed take part in election campaign.
Earlier, the High Court had issued notice to CBI and the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) leader after senior advocate Vivek Tankha, who appeared for the petitioner, contended that Chautala intends to “misuse the grace period of 17 days given to him to surrender” by planning to campaign during that period.
Tankha had also said that Chautala has released a tour programme of his election campaign which has been published in news reports.
Chautala had volunteered to surrender as the court was about to order constitution of a medical board of doctors from All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) to opine on the necessity of keeping Chautala hospitalised, as he had addressed a rally at Jind in Haryana on September 25.
The plea had contended that the INLD leader intended to use the intervening period before his surrender “to campaign extensively in the state of Haryana”.
The petition had also contended that Chautala was “misusing the orders of the court and taking the court for a jolly ride, thereby abusing the process of law”.
It had also said that Chautala was granted bail on medical grounds on May 21, 2013 and since then he has been out by extending it on the same ground.
On July 11, 2014, the high court had reserved its verdict on the appeals of 55 convicts, including the Chautalas, in the JBT scam case.
A special CBI court on January 22, 2013 had convicted and sentenced Chautala, his son Ajay and eight others to 10-year jail term each for illegally recruiting 3,206 junior teachers in 2000.
Among other convicts, 44 were sentenced to four years in jail and one given a five-year jail term.
All of them were held guilty of cheating, forgery, using fake documents as genuine, conspiracy under IPC and of abusing their official position under Prevention of Corruption Act.

PM: Investment worth 100 bn dollars has applied for visa to IndiaPM: Investment worth 100 bn dollars has applied for visa to India
Hyderabad: 11-year-old boy succumbs to burn injuries after being doused with kerosene43
0
Hyderabad: An 11 year old boy, who was set on fire by in Hyderabad's Mehdipatnam Garrison, succumbed to his injuries on Thursday. The Army has also issued a statement saying that allegations of involvement of soldiers are completely baseless.
"The boy was found burnt after being doused with kerosene in the military area. He suffered 90 per cent burn injuries in the incident," ACP (Asifnagar division) D Srinivas said.
The boy was at first taken to a government hospital and then shifted to a private hospital after the incident which occurred at around 2.45 pm, he said. Hyderabad Police Commissioner M Mahender Reddy and other senior officers visited the spot, the ACP said, adding that investigation is underway as to who and how the boy was set on fire.
The Army has also issued a statement saying that allegations of involvement of soldiers are completely baseless.
#hyderabad #hyderabad kid #army #mehdipatnam
Additional forces were rushed to the spot, the ACP said when asked if tension prevailed in the area following the incident. "A case has been registered in connection with the matter," the senior police officer said but did not divulge under what sections and which Act the case was booked.
4

2G case: Kanimozhi opposes CBIs plea on additional witnessjustice and rights
Rajya Sabha member Kanimozhi of the DMK and the managing director of the party-owned Kalaignar TV, Sharad Kumar, on Thursday separately opposed the CBI application seeking the permission of a special court here to summon more witnesses to record their evidence in the 2G spectrum allocation scam case.
They argued that the CBI had moved the application at a very belated stage, when the court had closed recording of evidence. Their replies were in response to the court notices on the CBI’s application.
Later, Special Judge O.P. Saini fixed October 27 as the date for hearing the arguments on the issue.
The court last month fixed November 10 for beginning the final argument.
The investigating agency has sought examination of more witnesses, submitting that some new facts have emerged during investigation by the Enforcement Directorate into the money laundering angle of the main case.
The Directorate has filed a separate charge sheet under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act against 19 accused, including Ms. Kanimozhi and Mr. Raja. The evidence of 153 prosecution witnesses was recorded by the court during the trial of the main case. Chairman of the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group Anil Ambani, and his wife, Tina Ambani, turned hostile.

IDFC Alternatives raises Rs 5 500 cr for second infra fundIDFC Alternatives raises Rs 5,500 cr for second infra fund
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
IDFC Alternatives, the private equity arm of infrastructure finance company IDFC Ltd, has raised $902.4 million (Rs 5,500 crore) for its second fund that would invest in the country’s infrastructure assets.
This includes a commitment of $90 million from its parent IDFC and remaining $810 million from limited partners. In addition, investors in the fund – India Infrastructure Fund II (IIF II) – have also pledged significant additional capital towards co-investment opportunities, the company said in a statement.
“We are very pleased with the high quality and marquee investors that IIF II has attracted and are proud of the speed with which IIF II has been subscribed to, especially given the difficult economic and financial conditions that prevailed during the majority of our fund-raising period,” said M.K. Sinha, Managing Partner and Chief Executive Officer at IDFC Alternatives.
IIF II is the successor to IDFC Alternatives’ debut infrastructure fund – India Infrastructure Fund - which closed in June 2009 with a fund size of $927 million.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Ericsson bags 4G contract from Bharti AirtelEricsson bags 4G contract from Bharti Airtel
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 09, 2014 04:04 PM IST
Telecom gear maker Ericsson, on Thursday, said it has signed a deal with the country's largest cellular operator Bharti Airtel for fourth generation (4G) roll out.
Besides, the Swedish vendor has bagged more orders from cellular operators including Bharti Airtel and Idea Cellular. Ericsson declined to give details of its 4G deal with Bharti Airtel. Fourth generation (4G) service is still at a nascent stage in India.
While Bharti Airtel has rolled out commercial operations in select cities on the 2,300 MHz spectrum band, Reliance Jio Infocomm, which is the only operator to have pan-India 4G spectrum, is yet to enter the market commercially.
Other operators like Vodafone India and Idea Cellular have announced their plans to offer 4G on 1800MHz band, a globally tested band for 4G, and have acquired additional spectrum through auction in February. However, no operator has indicated any specific time for 4G launch.
Ericsson, which today launched its small cell radio dot system and multi band indoor picocell to boost indoor coverage, said that the Indian cellular operators need to make fresh investments for better indoor coverage, essentially for the upcoming 4G services.
"All our customers have long term evolution (LTE) plans. Traffic is expected to jump hundreds times. It would be hard to cater the needs just from the outside or macro network and they would need an underlying layer of small cells," Christian Hedelin, head of strategy (Business Unit Radio), Ericsson said.
The country's youngest operator - Reliance Jio Infocomm has lined up investment of about Rs 70,000 crore for its foray into the 4G space.
Ericsson has also released a whitepaper on bringing the Networked Society to life in India by 2020.
"Broadband has the potential to bring inclusive growth in India by extending education, healthcare and financial inclusion to rural areas and lower income groups," said Ericsson India head Chris Houghton.

Companies garner over Rs 4 500 cr via rights issueCompanies garner over Rs 4,500 cr via rights issue
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 09, 2014 03:36 PM IST
Indian companies have mopped-up more than Rs 4,500 crore through issuing 'Rights' shares till August this year to meet working capital requirement.
 
In a rights issue, shares are issued by companies to the existing investors as per their holding at a pre-determined price and ratio.
As per data compiled by capital market regulator Sebi, companies have raised Rs 4,549 crore in the first eight months of this year, as compared to Rs 6,514 crore garnered in the entire 2013.
In all, 13 companies opted for the rights route during the January-August period as against 20 firms in 2013.
Market experts are of the view that 2014 looks more promising.
"Current equity market scenario is providing opportunities for companies to match the last year's level of fund raising through rights issue," Amrapali Aadya Trading & Investment Chief Managing Director Sanjeev Sinha said.
Most of the funds have been raised to support the working capital requirements and for general corporate purposes.
Firms raked in Rs 4,573 crore in 2013-14 as against Rs 8,945 crore garnered in the preceding fiscal.

Call for corruption probe into HK leader© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5d0e0e8a-4f8a-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RIL to complete 20K cr investment in MP by M...investments
("We are in the midst of a major…)
INDORE: Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani today said his group will complete Rs 20,000 crore investment programme in Madhya Pradesh by March 2016.
"We are in the midst of a major investment programme in MP which ends in the next 18 months. We are investing cumulatively Rs 20,000 crore... We will then re-engage," he said while addressing the Global Investors' Summit here.
Ambani also indicated that his group will invest similar amounts across sectors like energy and retail, after the present round of investments are completed.
"Our major investment is in coal bed methane which is bringing in energy with technology. We are also investing in retail business," the RIL chief said, adding that the group provides employment opportunities to a large number of people in the state.
He said that "after a long time" India is on a resurgent path to growth.
"For me Reliance is more than business, it stands for a commitment to India. We are dedicated to making India and also MP one of the most prosperous and developed areas in the world," said Ambani, the country's richest man.
On building a world class digital infrastructure, he said that 75 per cent work was done and it would be available by middle of 2015.
About 65 million people (of total 75 million in MP) will be connected and MP can look forward to being the digital capital of India, he added.
"To my mind digitalisation creates more jobs," he said adding, "development and progress has be inclusive... it should pull together all sections of society".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maruti Suzuki aims big in A3 plus segment wi...Maruti aims big in A3 plus segment with Ciaz
By PTI | 9 Oct, 2014, 04.15PM IST
Tweet
"We had done extremely good in A3 minus segment with Swift and Dzire and we want to do the same in the A3 plus segment with Ciaz."
KOLKATA: Maruti Suzuki India is aiming big with Ciaz in the A3 plus segment which replaces SX4 sedan.
"We had done extremely good in A3 minus segment with Swift and Dzire and we want to do the same in the A3 plus segment with Ciaz," Maruti Executive Director (marketing and sales) R S Kalsi said at the launch of the new mid-sized sedan in the city last evening.
The current market in A3 plus segment is about 1.25 lakh units out of 5 lakh in entire A3 segment, which is 20 per cent of the 25 lakh car market, he said.
Ciaz, he said, is expected to help A3 plus segment to expand.
Maruti announced 10,000 pre-bookings for Ciaz of which 60 per cent was for diesel models.
Ciaz is being produced in Maruti's Manesar plant and is aiming at a business of 60,000-80,000 cars in the first year.
Kalsi said he was also banking on the 1.5 million customers of Swift and Dzire upgrading to Ciaz.
Maruti Executive Director (sales and marketing) T Hashimoto confirmed the company had stopped SX4 production that was launched about seven years ago and Ciaz is an improved product to compete in the market.

Apple and Google: $100 billion brandsWhich foods are off Russian menus?
August 18, 2014 -- Updated 1236 GMT (2036 HKT)
Europe's deteriorating relationship with Russia has hit the region's growth, even before new food sanctions begin to bite.
Cyberattacks: You're the weakest link
July 16, 2014 -- Updated 1634 GMT (0034 HKT)
With cyberattacks on the rise and here to stay, it's a modern-day challenge for people and businesses to get smarter about preventing them.
Why are Iraq oil markets stable?
August 14, 2014 -- Updated 1324 GMT (2124 HKT)
Airstrikes, rebels seizing control of oil fields, plus a severe refugee crisis are a recipe for market panic. So why are Iraq oil prices stable?
Opinion: MH17 backs Putin in a corner
July 20, 2014 -- Updated 1524 GMT (2324 HKT)
Evidence points to pro-Russian separatists as perpetrators of the attack and Vladimir Putin is facing uncomfortable questions, David Clark writes.
Ebola's economic 'scare factor'
August 5, 2014 -- Updated 1440 GMT (2240 HKT)
The biggest Ebola outbreak in history is taking its toll in Western Africa, hitting some of West Africa's most vulnerable economies.
Casinos beat the banker
July 3, 2014 -- Updated 0902 GMT (1702 HKT)
Macau has overtaken Switzerland in the wealth stakes, being named the world's fourth richest territory by the World Bank.
Bateel's new bakery venture
July 18, 2014 -- Updated 1447 GMT (2247 HKT)
Saudi Arabian Bateel brand is best known for its delectable dates but it now has more than a dozen cafes and a new bakery in the works.
Is this the real new black?
July 17, 2014 -- Updated 1100 GMT (1900 HKT)
A British nanotech company has created what it says is the world's darkest material. It is so dark the human eye can't discern its shape and form.
Move over Siri, here comes Jibo
July 16, 2014 -- Updated 1602 GMT (0002 HKT)
Jibo robot is designed to be an organizer, educator and assist family members. CNN's Maggie Lake met him and says she was impressed with his skills.
American burger joints invade London
July 18, 2014 -- Updated 2109 GMT (0509 HKT)
American burger joints have sprung up all over London, but how to know which ones are best? CNN's Jim Boulden investigates.
Jordan: Seeking calm in chaos
June 18, 2014 -- Updated 1222 GMT (2022 HKT)
Sandwiched in between Iraq and Syria, Jordan's destiny seems to be one of a constant struggle for survival. John Defterios explains.
Forget 3D, it's 4K now
June 18, 2014 -- Updated 1502 GMT (2302 HKT)
At the last football World Cup, it was all about 3D. This time around, it's nothing less than 4K.
July 16, 2014 -- Updated 1058 GMT (1858 HKT)
Bob Mazzer has photographed inside London's Tube network for 40 years. He's captured history.
July 18, 2014 -- Updated 1712 GMT (0112 HKT)
Exotic animals are becoming a profitable business opportunity for Nicaraguan entrepreneurs. CNN's Rafael Romo reports.
Where is Iraq's oil?
June 13, 2014 -- Updated 1529 GMT (2329 HKT)
Iraq produces 3.3 million barrels per day and has the world's fourth-largest oil reserves. But the current crisis is putting all this in danger.
Jordan: Struggling for calm in chaos
June 18, 2014 -- Updated 1222 GMT (2022 HKT)
Sandwiched in between Iraq and Syria, Jordan's destiny seems to be one of a constant struggle for survival. John Defterios explains.
Why Europe needs Russian gas
June 16, 2014 -- Updated 1314 GMT (2114 HKT)
The gas standoff between Russia and Ukraine could have a knock-on effect on Europe. Explore this map to find out why is the EU nervous.
July 16, 2014 -- Updated 1058 GMT (1858 HKT)
Bob Mazzer has photographed inside London's Tube network for 40 years. He's captured history.
Can London take on Silicon Valley?
June 17, 2014 -- Updated 1206 GMT (2006 HKT)
The UK capital promotes its tech stars and shows it can compete with Silicon Valley. Here are five companies that pitch to make it big.
Loading weather data ...

We have responded with courage to ceasefire violation by Pakistan: PMModiPrint
The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated, he said.
Press Trust of India | Baramati/new Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 4:51 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 5:42 pm
Under fire from the opposition over escalating ceasefire violations by Pakistan, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said that India has responded to the aggression with courage and lamented public debate on the issue for political gains.
“Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage,” Modi said at an election rally at Baramati, the turf of NCP chief and former Defence Minister Sharad Pawar.
“The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated,” he said.
ALSO READ:  India warns Pakistan as tension escalates at LoC
He slammed those targeting the government on the issue through a public discourse, saying it demoralised the jawans fighting on the border.
He further said that ceasefire violation should not be politicised. Issues like ceasefire violations should not be a matter of debate for political gains, PM Modi.
We never politicised terror attacks in Mumbai or Malegaon, PM said further.
Meanwhile, hitting out at Congress for taking on PM Modi on the issue of ceasefire violations by Pakistan, BJP termed criticism by the opposition party as ‘unfortunate’ saying the sensitive issue should not be ‘politicised’.
ALSO READ:  LoC firing: Pakistan firing spreads along international border, 60 Indian posts targeted; at least 8 injured
“Congress party has ruled the country for many number of years. It is expected to respond in a more mature manner and in a responsible manner,” Union Minister and senior BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu said on the sidelines of a function here when asked to comment on Congress’ attack on the government over the issue of ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
Reminding Congress of the ceasefire violations that took place when it was in power, Naidu said, “An umpteen number of times ceasefire violations had taken place besides Pakistan abetting, aiding, funding and training terrorists in the country and we have not forgotten the 26/11 incident.
ALSO READ:  After India sends Pak tough message on border fire, PM hints at early resolution 
“So that being the case, Congress party is trying to politicise the sensitive issue which is related to the security of the country. It is unfortunate,” he said.
Naidu said whatever is required will be done. “I hope they (Congress) understand what they are doing. As far as the government is concerned, we are alive to the situation and whatever is to happen, will happen,” he said.
Hinting at a “conspiracy” hatched in Pakistan to divert attention from development initiatives taken by the Indian government, he said, “Pakistan will be made to understand what is the response of India. But I am afraid whether there is any conspiracy on the part of Pakistan to divert the attention of people from the faster development and great initiatives taken by in recent months.”
BJP Secretary Srikant Sharma too criticised Congress along with NCP and other parties for “playing politics” on the sensitive issue.
“We condemn the Congress, NCP and other political parties for not leaving any opportunity of playing politics on this serious issue. It is because of their frustration over losing elections that they are criticising the government even without knowing of the ground situation.
“By criticising the Government they are trying to lower the morale of the forces,” Sharma said even as he lauded the Indian forces for giving a befitting reply to Pakistan’s cross border firing and the government for giving them a free hand.
Lauding Narendra Modi for isolating Pakistan at the United Nations, Sharma said the Prime Minister had exposed Pakistan before the international community and those nations which used support it earlier are today moving away from it.
Terming Pakistan’s misdemeanours at the border as “acts of desperation”, Sharma said the Government has rightly given a free hand to the forces to deal with cross border firing unlike in the past when they would keep waiting for Delhi’s orders to retaliate to the firing.
The BJP leader hit out at the Opposition saying instead of criticising, they should stand behind the Government on this serious issue.
Sharma further attacked the Congress saying it had no moral right to comment on the issue as it had in the past
attempted a cover up of the misdeeds of Pakistan when they had beheaded Indian soldiers.
We never politicised terror attacks in Mumbai or Malegaon, PM said.

Carzonrent offers rental Tata Nano at Rs 99 perhourThose interested can avail the services from across 43 locations in the Delhi/NCR region and can rent out a Tata Nano on hourly, day to day or monthly basis.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 4:51 pm
Carzonrent, has partnered up with Tata Motors as it announced of expanding the Myles self-drive car-on-hire services by adding 200 Tata Nano Twist cars in to its fleet. The current venture, called Myles City-Drive, prioritizes on providing cars for intra-city commutes at an hourly rent of just Rs 99/hour. Initially, the Myles City-Drive services will only be made available to customers in Delhi/NCR. Those interested can avail the services from across 43 locations in the Delhi/NCR region and can rent out a Tata Nano on hourly, day to day or monthly basis.
In India, Carzonrent launched the Myles business model in November 2013. With Myles, the company aims at providing consumers the option of hassle-free self-drive car rental services. The company claims that services like these help customers to fulfill their everyday travel needs without being burdened with the costs of ownership, maintenance and running of a car. Currently, Carzonrent has over 600 cars for under the Myles name across 16 cities.
The Myles Cit-Drive is an extension of the same business strategy, although, it works on an even more economical and convenient way. Keeping that in mind, the rental charges for a Tata Nano are nominal and start at Rs 99/hour (including fuel for 10 kilometers per hour). For any one wanting to keep the car for a day or a month, the rates at Rs 399/day and Rs 6,999 for a month are kept quite reasonable too. Note that fuel charges will be separate in case a car is rented for a day or a month.
Picking-up the car is a fairly easy affair as well. You can simply walk up to a dedicated location and drive off with the car, or can book it in advance on Carzonrent’s official webpage, and pick it up as per your convenience. A smartphone app is also available for advance bookings.
Mandatory documents required to avail the services include a valid driving license, an address proof (voter id card or passport) and a pre-authorization approval on your credit card till the time the car is delivered back in the same condition as it was received in. Also, the car would have to be dropped back at the same location from where it was picked up. Carzonrent says that it’s working around ways to let customers drop off the car at any of the other operational locations, and it will be definitely introduced at later stage.
Besides the Myles City-Drive services, Carzonrent’s Myles business has cars ranging from Mahindra e20 to Mercedes Benz E-Class and operates in 16 different cities. The company plans to expand its fleet of continued…

Cong-NCP split a farce  both involved in Looto Baato Tax  says NarendraModiComments
The split between the two is a farce meant to divert your attention," he said at a poll rally here in Ahmednagar district. (Source: PTI photo)
Calling Congress-NCP split in Maharashtra a “farce”, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said they were one and the separation was meant to divert the attention of voters ahead of the Assembly poll.
“Congress and NCP parted ways just ahead of the poll. But everybody knows that these parties are actually one, they belong to the same clan, their nature and character is same.
The split between the two is a farce meant to divert your attention,” he said at a poll rally here in Ahmednagar district.
Accusing the erstwhile Congress-NCP dispensation in Maharashtra of being steeped in corruption, Modi said had it utilised the 15 years it was in power for the uplift of the people, the state would have been far ahead in terms of growth and law and order.
“15 years is not a small time. If their government had utilised its time for the uplift of people, to stop suicide by farmers, in maintaining law and order, in punishing terrorists in the harshest possible way and in providing employment to the youth, Maharashtra would have been far ahead than what it is today,” Modi said.
He said the government was only in the “business of stealing the hard earned money of traders through Local Bodies Tax (LBT)” which he called “Looto Baato Tax (rob and share tax).”
“Today there is nothing left due to corruption by these politicians. There was corruption in providing homes to the widows of Kargil martyrs and in the Mid-Day Meal scheme for children. They have looted everything they could get their hands on,” Modi said.
Modi said the priority of his government was to provide employment to the youth.
“Our priority is to generate employment for the youth of this country. They (Congress-NCP) have made this state ‘scam
Maharashtra’ which we want to change and make ‘skill Maharashtra’.
“Maharashtra has suffered a lot. Give BJP an absolute majority so the government in the state can work in tandem with the Centre, so that we can together work for Maharashtra with 11 times more strength and vigour,” he said.
Modi said his government was working for the uplift of farmers and to check incidents of suicide by them.
“When I was in America, I met the CEO of Pepsi. I told her if they could add just 5 per cent of fresh fruit juice to their soft drinks, it will change the lives of our farmers drastically.
“Then our farmers will not have to go out to sell their produce. Multinational companies will come to their doorsteps to buy their produce at remunerative prices. This is the first step towards improving the agricultural environment in our country,” Modi said.
He said the reason why continued…

Kullu Dussehra ends without animal sacrificeTo avert any untoward situation, the administration had made massive deployment of the police force at the Dhalpur maidan. (Source: Express photo by Lalit Kumar)
Written by Ashwani Sharma | Kullu | Posted: October 9, 2014 5:11 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 6:35 pm
In a major departure from an age-old tradition, no animal sacrifice was made at the famous Kullu Dussehra at the end of the week-long religious festival, involving congregation of hundreds of deities at Dhalpur ground.
The Himachal Pradesh High Court last month had imposed a ban on animal sacrifices at temples, religious fairs and festivals in the state and had issued directions to all Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police to enforce the order strictly.
To avert any untoward situation, the administration had made massive deployment of the police force at the Dhalpur maidan.
Dev Samaj, a body of caretakers of local deities, had filed an appeal in the Supreme Court but did not get any relief as the case came up for hearing on Wednesday leaving no option for the oracles and caretakers to abide by the HC order.
Deputy Commissioner of Kullu Rakesh Kanwar told The Indian Express that awareness created by the local administration through hoardings, posters and pamphlets apart from meetings with Maheshwar Singh – erstwhile Raja of Kullu who is also the head caretaker of Lord Rangunath ji (presiding deity) – and other representative of the deities helped to handle the situation.
“No violation of the High Court happened at the venue which is marked for the animal sacrifice. I thank the representatives of deities particularly the royal family of Kullu for cooperation,” said Kanwar.

Ebola could cost $32B  World Bank says (24/7 WallTweet
So far, the Ebola virus has affected as many as tens of thousands of people, mostly in Africa. Several thousands have died. But there are continual warnings that the spread could create a plague, with cases moving into the hundreds of thousands, not just in Africa, but around the globe. The World Bank has put out an estimate of what a wide outbreak of Ebola could cost — $32 billion.
According to World Bank experts :
With the latest death toll from Ebola now at 3,439 in the three worst-affected countries of Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone, a new economic impact assessment from the World Bank Group says that if the epidemic was to significantly infect people in neighboring countries, some of which have much larger economies, the two-year regional financial impact could reach US$32.6 billion by the end of 2015.
One of the cautions of the estimate is obviously that the spread of the disease will not come to an end for months.
Most of the cost will apparently be borne by the three nations where the virus is most prevalent, each of them hopelessly poor and without the resources to battle the disease:
The new World Bank Group report notes, “as it is far from certain that the epidemic will be fully contained by December 2014 and in light of the considerable uncertainty about its future trajectory, two alternative scenarios are used to estimate the medium-term (2015) impact of the epidemic, extending to the end of calendar year 2015.” A “Low Ebola” scenario corresponds to rapid containment within the three most severely affected countries, while “High Ebola” corresponds to slower containment in the three countries, with broader regional contagion.
According to the World Bank Group’s new analysis, the economic impacts of Ebola are already very serious in the core three countries — particularly Liberia and Sierra Leone — and could become catastrophic under a slow-containment, High Ebola scenario. In broader regional terms, the economic impact could be limited if immediate national and international action stop the epidemic and alleviate the “aversion behavior” or fear factor that is causing neighboring countries to close their borders, and airlines and other regional and international companies to suspend their commercial activities in the three worst-affected countries. The successful containment of Ebola in Nigeria and Senegal so far is evidence that this is possible, given some existing health system capacity and a resolute policy response.
What the report says little about is what happens if the disease spreads well beyond the region and infection rates become much broader in areas like the United States and Europe.

Mkt may continue to rally; like pvt banks: Experts02:30 pm
The earnings season for the second quarter or the July-August quarter kicks off Friday with the IT giant Infosys reporting its numbers. Dilip Bhat of Prabhudas Lilladher expects  Infosys to report a 5 percent quarter-on-quarter growth.
According to him, IT still remains a sector to be watched out this earning season with Wipro ,  TCS and Infy being favourite bets.
Bhat is also bullish on private banks but would prefer avoiding public sector banks which may disappoint due to persistent asset quality concerns.
Contributing to the discussion, Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics says it is quite possible that market may continue rally during earnings but selecting good midcap stocks remains a concern. “It may be difficult for the investors and traders to be able differentiate between good midcaps and not so good midcaps,” he adds.
Below is verbatim transcript of Sudarshan Sukhani's interview on CNBC-TV18
Q: A word on ICICI Bank , has it put correction behind it? It was a meaningful correction but for the last two or three days it has been seeing quite a bit of buying.
A: It was a meaningful correction in the Bank Nifty also when we compare it to the Nifty. It does appear that banks have put this correction behind them. It is never easy to say that the low is in place, that we will make lifetime new highs; we don't know that. However, it is much easier to say how we should be trading. For a short-term trader the positioning in ICICI Bank should be on the long side.
Q: What about HDFC ?
A: That was a call in the morning; we said it is at the lows, buy it in the morning and you are literally getting it at support. There is a lot more if the Nifty is going to go up. HDFC is going to be an outperformer so you just stay with a long position.
Q: The Nifty at the end of the day did make a newer low, 7,815 compared to 7,841 that it bounced back from previously, the midcap index did not. Do you get a sense that maybe midcaps could outperform from hereon as we have seen today as well?
A: I get a sense but not because of the fact that the midcap index held on to its earlier lows. To me that is not so significant. Charts for a lot of midcap suggest a base building exercise that was going on during the last correction is over and some of them are willing to go much higher. In that sense perhaps that is what was reflected in the index movements also. It is quite possible that if the markets continue their rally midcaps would do much better. My worry is that traders and investors must be able to distinguish between midcaps which they should buy and the ones they should not buy.
Q: Help us distinguish them.
A: I don’t know which is why I never trade in midcaps. I just stay with the Nifty 50.
Q: You did say that there were some charts that were looking like they had bottomed out or had built a base, so, give us the names of some of them that also look attractive?
A: Generally all the PSU banks are building a base and coming out of it. That is reflected in the bank index also. Among the midcaps that are doing the same thing for example  Reliance Capital among the financials is giving the same sense, the same sense is coming in a very different company  JP Power where the lows are being held on to and minor gains are coming which means that if the stock actually beings to move up, a lot of headroom is available. The same thing is happening with Motherson Sumi where a correction seems to be getting over now.
Q: We know that  Asian Paints is always been a favorite of yours but it wasn't just Asian Paints that did well among paints -  Shalimar Paints and Berger Paints , do you track them?
A: I track them but just as a chance Asian Paints was in our buy list yesterday afternoon when I was talking with you. I wouldn't go for Shalimar Paints, it is also low volume not liquid. Berger Paints has been doing well and is probably in the same class as Asian Paints although of course the midcap and largecap distinguishing is there.
Q: A word on GMR Infrastructure , I know you won't trade midcap but is GMR Infra in a different category because it's been one stock which has been remarkably strong even on the day the market was falling, it was up 5 or 6 percent?
A: GMR Infra was Rs 37 a few weeks ago and it is Rs 21 now. I do not call that remarkably strong. In the recent days it has been much better. Anything that can come from Rs 37 to Rs 21 to Rs 16 and then from Rs 16 it went to Rs 21. It's a speculative stock but after all those caveats, if you are a speculator, it is worth buying.
RELATED NEWS

MVL Industries: Outcome of AGMOct 09, 2014, 05.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MVL Industries: Outcome of AGM
MVL Industries has informed that the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MVL Industries: Outcome of AGM
MVL Industries has informed that the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
MVL Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Media Matrix Worldwide: Resignation of company secretary cum compliance officerOct 09, 2014, 05.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Media Matrix Worldwide: Resignation of company secretary cum compliance officer
Media Matrix Worldwide has informed that Mr. Mohd Zafar has resigned from the post of Company Secretary cum Compliance Officer w.e.f. October 09, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Media Matrix Worldwide: Resignation of company secretary cum compliance officer
Media Matrix Worldwide has informed that Mr. Mohd Zafar has resigned from the post of Company Secretary cum Compliance Officer w.e.f. October 09, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Media Matrix Worldwide Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Mohd Zafar has resigned from the post of Company Secretary cum Compliance Officer w.e.f. October 09, 2014.Source : BSE

Pro: About 5 years into 9-11 year recoverypro: about 5 years into 9-11 year recovery
Teslas latest earth-shattering  life-changing  epoch-defining announcement is coming later tonight. Heres what to lookGet excited. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma)
SHARE
John McDuling @jmcduling
October 9, 2014
“D” probably stands for driverless. Or dual-motor.  “Something else” could be either of those—or actually something else completely. Nobody knows for sure, but all will be revealed in a few hours.
Of course, I am referring here to Tesla’s big announcement, expected to happen later tonight, which CEO Elon Musk foreshadowed in a cryptic tweet last week.
About time to unveil the D and something else pic.twitter.com/qp23yi59i6
— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) October 2, 2014
There’s also speculation that Musk, in a frenzy of cross-brand promotion, will strap a Tesla onto a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket and demonstrate the vehicle’s zero-G capabilities and solar recharging panel in orbit. (Actually, I just made that up entirely. There is no such speculation.)
In any case, after some wild initial theories , the balance of opinion among analysts and observers points to dual-motor, or all-wheel-drive version of the Model S being announced. This capability would make the sedan easier to drive in parts of the US with colder weather in the winter months.
But this prediction is not unanimous. One analyst in the driverless camp, Trip Chowdhry of Global Equities Research, claims to have already seen a Tesla Model S fitted out with sensors and cameras in a parking lot near the company’s northern California headquarters (screenshots below).

Rupee ends day at 61.05 versus US dollarRupee ends day at 61.05 versus US dollar
Excited about Modi s Digital India plan: Facebook chiefExcited about Modi s Digital India plan: Facebook chief
Suzlon to invest Rs 15 000 cr for 2 000 MW wind projects in MPSuzlon to invest Rs 15 000 cr for 2 000 MW wind projects in MP
Survey gives BJP  allies 154 seats in MahaSurvey gives BJP  allies 154 seats in Maha
Why Indian firms should not focus on  making in IndiaHi Guest
Why Indian firms should not focus on 'making in India'
Image: Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the launch of the Make in India Mission at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. Photograph: Manvender Vashist/PTI Rather than focussing on manufacturing, Indian companies need to go the Apple way. They need to concentrate on conceiving, designing and branding products. Manufacturing can be outsourced. There is no point in reinventing the wheel by getting into conventional manufacturing now. India’s strength lies in entrepreneurship when compared ...

Buy SKF India; target of Rs 1448: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy SKF India; target of Rs 1448: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com is bullish on SKF India and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 1448 in its October 9, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
ICICIdirect.com`s research report on SKF India
“Q3CY14 saw the initial signs of a recovery in the automotive space with improved sentiments. Overall auto volumes grew ~16% YoY led mainly by 2W volumes which grew ~20% YoY while PV sales grew ~2% YoY. The CV segment continued to witness volume declines (~4% YoY drop). However, with M&HCV volumes showing an improvement, there are strong signs of a recovery. This bodes well for auto ancillary players (including SKF India with exposure to OEMs at 67% of the auto segment sales) that would gain from the increased demand and subsequent operating leverage benefits. SKF, being the largest bearings player in the industry, commands scalability bandwidth coupled with a lean balance sheet and is poised to capture the opportunity arising from the revival in demand in the automotive segment. Going ahead, with the anticipated recovery, we expect revenues to bounce back at 13.4% CAGR over CY13-16E. Also, we expect margins to recover to 13.6% in CY16E vs. 11.5% in CY13. These are expected to drive earnings growth at a CAGR of 24% in CY13-16E.”
“SKF is trading at 18.9x CY16E EPS. Given SKF’s leadership position in the bearing space, strong earnings growth (CAGR of 24% in CY13-16E), healthy balance sheet with robust cash flow generation (Rs 675 crore over CY14E-16E) and core RoEs in excess of 30%, we believe SKF would be the key beneficiary of the automotive segment revival. We now roll over our valuations to CY16E vs. the average of CY15E and CY16E earlier, maintaining the P/E multiple of 24x (implying a PEG of 1x) and revise our target price to Rs 1448/share with a BUY rating,” says ICICIdirect.com research report. 
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy Arvind Remedies; target of Rs 66: Sunidhi SecuritiesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Arvind Remedies; target of Rs 66: Sunidhi Securities
Sunidhi Securities is bullish on Arvind Remedies and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 66 in its October 9, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
Sunidhi Securities research report on Arvind Remedies
“Incorporated in 1988, ARL went public in 1995. Its presence in domestic market has increased to 30 own brands across acute and chronic segment and 100 generic formulations in various therapeutic segments like Gynecology, Nutraceuticals, Anti-Biotic, Analgestic, Anti-inflammatory etc. ARL’s four plants are located at Tamil Nadu and Uttarakhand. ARL’s four subsidiaries are: Coronet Labs Pvt Ltd, Arvind Wellness Ltd, Arvind Remedies USALLc and Arvind Remedies Inc.ARL is also in mature R & D phases of clinical trial drugs for various lifestyle diseases like Cardiac, Depression, Arthiritis, Neuro-degeneration etc. The branded formulations are sold to clients like public hospitals, ESI, Defence etc. Own formulations constitute 90% of sales whereas CRAMS contribute 10%. Within the formulations, branded formulation contributes 55% of sales and generic formulations represent 35% of sales. Currently ARL is present 10 states in India."
"During Q1FY15, net profit went up by 58% to `26.1 crore on 41% higher sales of `258.6 crore. Q1FY15 EPS works out to `3.8. During FY14, consolidated net profit went up by 41% to `58.5 crore on 36% higher sales of `963.2 crore. EPS stood at `8.6. A dividend of 8% was paid.Indian generics will benefit substantially from the ongoing wave of patent expiries. Most of the leading players have significantly expanded their ANDA filings in line with the patent expiration cycle. Hence US generics market has become significant contributor to the revenues of most leading Indian companies. Keeping the above in mind, ARL can play vital role by going for registration of off patented products for exports and developing the outsourcing market. Key strategy will be to focus on the new and latest molecules approved by the authorities and share with top companies, which can market these products, focus on additional dosages in large and small volume parenterals and injectables in powder and liquid forms. Having grown notably in terms of production capacity, product categories, market share, advancements in R & D, market reach and global acceptance, ARL is today a significant force to reckon with in the Indian pharmaceutical Industry."
"ARL is focusing chronic diseases segments in ayurveda, diabetics, anti arthritis and obesity segments. This will help to identify the new formulations without side effects. Increased emphasis is being laid on branded retail segment, which would enhance sales going forward.At the current market price of `44, the share is trading at a P/E of 2.9x on FY15E and 2.3x on FY16E. We recommend BUY with a target price of `65 in the medium term,” says Sunidhi Securities research report.  
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy Rallis India; target of Rs 302: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Rallis India; target of Rs 302: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com is bullish on Rallis India and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 302 in its October 9, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
ICICIdirect.com`s research report on Rallis India
“According to media sources, Metahelix Life Sciences Pvt Ltd, a subsidiary of Rallis India, has launched a new hybrid seed variety of maize in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. The company claims the new seed variety will increase the yield per acre by allowing cropping of more plants per acre, with yields improving to ~40 quintals per acre vis-à-vis the domestic average of 25 quintals per acre for maize.”
“The new product launch reiterates our positive stance on Rallis India with Metahelix Life Sciences being a major revenue driver for the company, going forward. We retain our revenue estimates. We expect sales of Metahelix to grow at 25% CAGR in FY14-17E to Rs 439 crore in FY17E. Rallis’ consolidated sales are expected to grow at a CAGR of 16.8% in FY14-17E to Rs 2755 crore in FY17E. However, on the back of enhanced visibility (on account of newer product launches), we are upgrading valuation multiple i.e. valuing Rallis at 24x P/E (22x earlier) on an average FY16E and FY17E EPS of Rs 12.6. The current monsoon season had ended with overall rainfall deficiency at ~12%. However, a delay in the onset of the same may result in a subdued Q2FY15E performance. We advise investors to view any price correction as an opportunity to enter the script with a long term (18-24 months) investment horizon,” says ICICIdirect.com research report.  
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

AgustaWestland scam: Italian court acquits former Finmeccanica head Giuseppe OrsiWatch
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Collage of life on canvasUpdated: September 25, 2014 18:56 IST
Collage of life on canvas
Esther Elias
The Hindu An expansive repertoire: Alphonso Arul Doss with his earlier works at Sarala Art Centre. Photo: K. Pichumani
The Hindu A recent painting of Jesus washing disciple Peter’s feet. Photo: K. Pichumani
TOPICS
painting
Alphonso Arul Doss looks back on his decades-long tryst with art at a retrospective show in Chennai.
Alphonso Arul Doss takes time and space in his painter’s hands and bends them like putty. He pulls symbols of universality and eternity from across centuries and civilisations, plugs them into his distinctly Indian vocabulary and invents an artistic language that sees the world like light shooting through a prism.
From his schoolboy days spent fascinated by classical Christian imagery at Sunday school, to his rise to Principal of Government College of Arts, Madras in 1992, and now established as an artist of International repute, Alphonso, at 75 years, has a lifetime’s worth of stories to tell.
Amidst rows of his framed pieces at a retrospective show of his works at Sarala’s Art Centre, Alphonso sits across one of his earliest watercolours — Spencer’s junction at M.G. Road in his hometown, Bangalore. It was in the silence of Bangalore’s cathedrals that Alphonso was first drawn to art; as sunlight distilled through the stained glass paintings on windows above him, his little fingers tried to capture that brilliance and luminescence on paper. His father eventually urged him into formal art school, and in 1958 Madras, under the tutelage of masters such as D.P. Roy Chowdary, K.C.S. Panicker, A.P. Santhanaraj, and S. Dhanapal, he learnt of the importance of space and line, achieving opacity and transparency through different mediums. “The expression of art was supreme to my teachers; the subject matter itself was secondary,” he says.
But for Alphonso, deeply influenced by the Italian and French artists in Catholicism, the mythology and philosophy of art meant as much as its style. And thus he delved into the study of art history and visual language, increasingly convinced that as much as one drew from the European doyens, an artist was meant to “communicate with his own land and environment”. From the caves of Ajanta and Ellora, for instance, Alphonso learnt of the rhythm and geometry in human form, and used this technique in his painting of Solomon the Biblical king professing judgement on his populace, every muscle of Solomon’s body taut with power shown in thin, distinct, arched lines. Similarly, from Rembrandt’s Christ and Mary Magdalene at the Tomb, Alphonso recreated the composition of light to paint Mahatma Gandhi comforting the downtrodden.
Alongside these early experiments with form, Alphonso played with technique too. The walls at Sarala feature his attempts at etching and printing, numerous charcoal portraits of his many students at the Madras School and even a self portrait from 1960. It’s a black and white inconspicuous piece of an oil lantern with its light sharply split in tracks of refraction that notes Alphonso’s marked shift in style. In 1983, at the Gem Gallery in Washington’s Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History, Alphonso was struck by the throw of light from a spotlit solitary diamond. “I saw the entire universe in that moment. I knew then that I would spend the rest of my life recreating that depth of vision through my art.” And the lantern portrait was the first of Alphonso’s pieces that would, over the next three decades, establish his trademark ‘the world through cut-and-broken glass’ style, where the canvas’ white shows through his patches of colour.
Through these eyes, Alphonso revisited his preoccupations with religious imagery, expanding his repertoire now to symbols from Buddhism and Hinduism. For years he dwelt on the Nataraja, meditating in repeated paintings on the form that he was convinced mimicked the swastika and how it symbolised the universe. While in one piece, Nataraja, his entire body composed in triangles, tramples over evil-doers; in another his image superimposes the swastika, and in a third he stretches in full frontal view, compared against Da Vinci’s Vitruvian Man.
Alphonso paints Jesus too, first washing his disciple Peter’s feet and later, seated with commoners, farmers and shepherds feeding them fish. It is Jesus’ spirit of universal acceptance that Alphonso channels into his many paintings of village folk. Through extensive travels through villages with his students, Alphonso looks at rustic life through “a sympathetic eye”. From men playing flutes, to portraits of women adorned in sparkling jewellery, Alphonso emphasises the natural sensuality and love for colour he says simple people exude.
“Our ultimate reality is the space where the world outside and the world within us meet,” says Alphonso. His personal world now features little active art. He’s come a long way from his youth spent sleeping beside his paintings, waking up to them in the morning, searching deeper and deeper for that exact artistic expression of the ideas in his mind. Age has caught up with his hands that never erased a line once drawn. They faintly tremble today, but can still hold a brush with confidence, resting quietly on the experience of a lifetime spent in the arts.
The show is on till October 15.

Depression materialises in the Bay  set to become a cycloneDepression materialises in the Bay, set to become a cyclone
Vinson Kurian
Source: IMD Satellite image taken on October 7, 2014.
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 7:  
The well-marked low-pressure area over north Andaman Sea has concentrated into a monsoon depression this afternoon, an India Met Department update said.
It will move in west-northwesterly direction and further intensify into a deep depression by tomorrow (Wednesday) and thereafter as a tropical cyclone.
TROPICAL CYCLONE
It will cross the Andaman and Nicobar Islands tomorrow and set itself on a course for the Andhra Pradesh-Odisha coasts as a tropical cyclone.
It will have enough time and space to ramp up into a severe or even a very severe cyclone, according to a few international models.
The US Navy’s Joint Typhoon Warning Centre upgraded to ‘medium’ the possibility of a ‘significant tropical cyclone’ spinning up in the Bay in the next 24 hours.
Over the mainland, isolated heavy rainfall is forecast for the rest of the day over south interior Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, and Puducherry.
Weather over Andaman and Nicobar Islands may deteriorate tomorrow with the expected crossing of the cyclonic storm.
HIGH WINDS, HEAVY RAIN
Gale-force winds have been forecast reaching 70- to 80 km/hr, and fishermen have been directed not to venture out into the sea.
Isolated heavy rainfall would continue to lash south interior Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Puducherry.
Squally weather has been forecast for the Nicobar Islands on Thursday as the cyclonic storm steps out into the open Bay of Bengal towards the east coast of mainland India.
Meanwhile, southern and southwestern Myanmar (especially the Ayerawaddy river mouth) also may get lashed by strong winds and heavy rainfall during this phase.
The cyclone, to be named ‘Hudhud’ (contributed by Oman) as per protocol, is now expected to cross mostly the Odisha coast by the weekend, suggests a Met outlook.
A few international models indicate that the system might take a more southerly track towards north coastal Andhra Pradesh.
STRONG CYCLONE?
For instance, the European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts. The Centre seems to have lately shed its inhibitions about the extent to which the storm might strengthen.
It sees a strong to very strong system (severe to very severe cyclone) impacting the Andhra Pradesh coast by Saturday.
Back home, the Met sees the southerly-to-southeasterlies wrapping into the Bay system bringing heavy rain initially to Gangetic West Bengal and Odisha coasts from the weekend.
The building cyclone would be the first ahead of the onset of the northeast monsoon, which is likely to be declared along the time of, or shortly after, the landfall.
As if on cue, the withdrawal of incumbent southwest monsoon is gathering pace over mainland India as the peninsula gets covered during the next few days.
It is already knocking at the doors of the peninsula, having reached Hoshangabad, Malegaon and Dahanu this afternoon.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

Blood Moon Lunar EclipseWatch: Blood Moon Captivates Sky Watchers
The Earth will position itself between the sun and the moon, creating a full lunar eclipse with a majestic red hue.
Clear skies are ideal for viewing the blood moon, which can be seen with the naked eye. The best view is in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, however if you aren't near a Hawaiian beach -- don't fret.
Scott Barbour/Getty Images
PHOTO: People watch as the 'Blood Moon' rises over the water in Wlliamstown in Melbourne, Australia
The total lunar eclipse will be visible at moonset for most of North America. The glowing orb will be 5.3 percent larger than the last total lunar eclipse, which occurred on April 15, according to NASA.
The eclipse is the second in a rare series known as the tetrad, in which the moon is completely covered by the Earth's umbral shadow for four eclipses in a row, as opposed to only partial eclipses that fall in the outer penumbra.
If you press snooze on your alarm, you'll have two more chances to catch a blood moon next year. The next total lunar eclipse will be on April 4, 2015, according to NASA.
Join the Discussion
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment.

Buy IT and Pharma once the dip is over: Sukhani08 October 2014
Wednesday
Choppy movements in Nifty suggest markets may be searching for support; bank stocks likely to remain cheerful
Bank Nifty has seen an up move and closes higher. 15150 may act as a short term support for Bank Nifty. CNX IT has seen a big down move today on the back of news. Prices close lower. This decline gives us a buy on dips opportunity in IT Stocks.
We have SILVER MINI in METAL SECTION. Trend is down and prices are trading inside a range at its bottom. A move beyond this range may give us a trading opportunity. We have STEEL in Sector Focus. Trend is down and prices are trading choppy. We may see a correction in this correction. Stock in focus includes GODREJIND, IDEA, HINDPETRO and M&MFIN. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss USD INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

J. Scott Applewhite / APj. scott applewhite / ap
UPS service addresses failed deliveriesUPS service addresses failed deliveries
By Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz, Tribune reporter
E-Commerce Industry Business UPS Amazon.com Inc.
Did you miss a package delivery? UPS has a service to help.
To accommodate rising online orders, UPS has launched a service that lets customers pick up packages at nearby businesses such as hardware stores and dry cleaners if they aren't home when the driver arrives, the carrier announced Wednesday. It also is testing self-service lockers in several Chicago locations where customers can retrieve packages.
UPS started testing its Access Points program in New York and Chicago in July, and has plans to have 20,000 access point locations in key markets throughout Europe and the Americas by the end of the next year.
It has about 300 U.S. locations, including 95 in the Chicago metro area, with more signing on each week.
In January, all 4,400 UPS stores in the U.S. will become access points.
UPS is choosing locations mostly in dense urban areas to accommodate residents who can't have packages safely left at their doorstep, such as at multitenant dwellings without doormen or houses that are close to the street, said Geoff Light, UPS president of product development. Usually, those customers have to have the package redirected to their workplace or drive across town to a UPS center to pick it up.
0
“As more business moves online, we think it's in the best interest of all parties to make it as frictionless as possible,” Light said. “It helps our retail customers sell more product and helps our consumers (who are currently) stranded from participating in online commerce” — which, in turn, drives more package volume to UPS.
The service also brings cost savings to UPS when drivers don't have to make second and third delivery attempts. Instead, the driver will leave a notice after the first attempt, letting the customer know where the package is being held, typically no farther than a 10-minute walk away in the city or a 10-minute drive in the suburbs.
If the package is particularly large or heavy, the driver will not take it to an access point and instead continue delivery attempts as usual, Light said.
The practice is the norm in Europe, where UPS has 12,000 access points.
In addition to drivers making the judgment call on whether to leave a package at a doorstep or take it to an access point, UPS is partnering with online retailers to give shoppers the option at checkout to have the order shipped directly to an access point.
That is a change in the industry, where the relationship typically has been between the carrier and the consumer, said Steven Osburn, a director at consulting firm Kurt Salmon.
“Retailers are going to have to be a little more responsible as far as pushing these capabilities,” Osburn said, such as by advertising them and making them part of the sales transaction.
It also will save UPS money if drivers can make one delivery stop rather than multiple stops, Osburn said.
Customers can also arrange to have their packages delivered to an access point through UPS My Choice, a mobile app that gives customers delivery alerts and lets them reschedule or reroute their packages.
More than 10 million U.S. customers use My Choice, and UPS announced Wednesday that it is expanding it to 15 European countries.
UPS pays a nominal fee to businesses it asks to serve as access points, which typically are convenience stores, grocers, dry cleaners or mobile phone stores that have nighttime and weekend hours, Light said. Those businesses store and scan in the packages with a UPS-issued device and check customers' ID when they come to pick them up.
Michael Lovitto, owner of Glenview True Value hardware at 3222 Glenview Road in Glenview, said he agreed to be an access point to bring new customers in. And it is working.
“We're getting sales out of it,” said Lovitto, who stows most packages behind the register. “They are walking around the store and buying.”
In addition to partnering with local retailers, UPS plans to install nine sets of self-service lockers in Chicago to test the concept in areas where the carrier can't find businesses to serve as access points. Customers access the lockers using their ID and a code.
It has installed lockers in three locations — outside an Aldi at 4500 N. Broadway, outside a Staples at 4610 N. Clark St., and outside a 7-Eleven at 3800 N. Kedzie Ave., said Kalin Robinson, UPS director of new product development. Two more are coming soon to 87th Street on the South Side, one at an Aldi and the other inside a currency exchange.
Light said the lockers are not in response to Amazon Locker, a similar concept that the e-commerce giant has in select markets.
“We see Amazon benefiting significantly from what we're doing,” Light said. “We see this as complementary.”
aelejalderuiz@tribune.com

Here Are The Colleges Where You re Most Likely To DefaultOhio University has one of the highest student loan default rates among big public schools.
SHARE
Zach Wener-Fligner @zachwe
October 7, 2014
University students who take out loans are essentially betting that the education they’re financing with debt will help them get a decent job—and that the job, in turn, will help them repay the loan.
Defaulting on student loans, then, means something went terribly wrong.
Alas, such a turn of events is far from uncommon. Last month, the US Department of Education released its latest batch of data on student loan defaults . Broadly, the news was good. Overall default rates fell to 13.7% from 14.7% the prior year.
But the there’s plenty of variation under the top-line numbers. The schools with the highest rates mostly were for-profit colleges (which have such notoriously bad track records on this that they have attracted regulatory scrutiny in recent years ) and community colleges (where having to take out a student loan to pay for the relatively affordable tuition might be indicative of more serious financial straits.) Student loan default rates were also surprisingly high at a number of well-known, four-year institutions.
So should you be upset if your alma mater is on one of these lists? Not necessarily. It’s hard to know the complete story of why one school might have a higher rate than another because there are so many factors at play. Still, Moody’s analysts recently noted that default rates are correlated with factors such as high student retention and graduation rates, which are, in turn, associated with student ability to repay loans. Moody’s analysts also note that schools with greater financial resources have greater capacity to support students through both financial aid and student services.
Here are the big public schools with the highest three-year default rates. This list is limited to schools that had at least 5,000 students go into repayment mode in fiscal 2011—mostly schools on the large side.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Here are the four-year, non-profit private schools with the highest rates, limited to schools that had 3,000 or more people due to begin repayments in 2011.
Share
Tap image to zoom
For comparison, here’s the Ivy League. Things are looking pretty good. All eight universities fell well below the average default rate of 7% for four-year, non-profit private schools.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The data here represent the 2011 three-year default rates for all accredited American colleges. That number measures, by school, the percentage of federal student loans that were supposed to get repaid beginning in fiscal 2011 but went into default—meaning the debtor went 270 days without payment—some time in the next three years. This number doesn’t capture those who are teetering on the verge of default or who have entered deference or forbearance programs, which let debtors temporarily halt payments without defaulting. It also doesn’t account for the fact that some schools attract more low-income students who are vulnerable to default, or the fact that some schools just happen to be in economically depressed areas.
Share this:

Elon Musk s $2 billion Tesla tweetBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz October 8, 2014: 11:44 AM ET
 
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
How much is one mysterious tweet by Tesla CEO Elon Musk worth? About $2 billion.
That's the gain in the electric car company's market value since Musk tweeted on October 1 that it "was time to unveil the D and something else" on October 9.
Shares of Tesla ( TSLA ) are up nearly 6% in the past week -- a time when the broader market is slumping and gas guzzling rivals Ford ( F )and GM ( GM ) are stuck spinning their wheels. (The stock was down about 2% on Wednesday though.)
So what will Musk be showing off at the company's big event Thursday night? It's not yet clear. It seems safe to say though that the D is not an entirely new model.
D stands for drive? Or driverless? Most analysts and auto experts are predicting that Tesla will introduce an all-wheel drive, dual motor version of the Model S. Drive starts with D! So does dual!
There is also speculation that Tesla may tout new driverless (another D word) technology for the Model S. That makes sense. Musk recently told CNN's Rachel Crane that his goal is for Tesla to be "90% autonomous" in 2015.
 
Elon Musk: Tesla 90% autonomous in 2015
The autonomous tech chatter has helped lift shares of Mobileye ( MBLY ), a company that makes software and chips for in-car cameras that can help driverless cars avoid collisions. Mobileye's stock is up about 5% since Musk's tweet, continuing its hot streak since its initial public offering in August. Mobileye shares have more than doubled from their IPO price.
But what about the "something else" part of Musk's tweet? Rumors are running wild.
Is the Model III ready for its close-up? There are some hopes that Tesla will give a first glimpse at the Model III, the mass market car that Tesla is planning to bring to the market in 2017. Tesla is banking on the Model III (which some think could sell for $35,000 compared to just under $70,000 for the Model S) to help meet Musk's goal of shipping 500,000 cars a year by 2020.
It's possible that there could be more details about the upcoming Model X -- Tesla's crossover that is due to ship to consumers next year.
Related: Tesla is one of the most looked up stocks
And the most fanciful talk is about possible new partners for Tesla's gigafactory in Reno, Nevada. The $5 billion plant will produce lithium-ion batteries for Tesla's vehicles.
Panasonic ( PCRFF ) has already agreed to invest in the gigafactory . But there are whispers that Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) could eventually work more closely with Tesla as well. There has been speculation for awhile about a possible partnership. One analyst at German investment bank Berenberg even wrote an open letter to Apple CEO Tim Cook last year and suggested that Apple should buy Tesla .
It seems unlikely that the two companies will have a joint announcement on Thursday however. Still, the fanboys and fangirls can dream.
What does it mean for the stock? Can Tesla and Musk live up to the hype? Tesla's stock is up more than 70% this year -- but it's also more than 10% below its all-time high.
The stock is also still ridiculously expensive using any traditional valuation measure. It trades at about 80 times 2015 earnings forecasts.
Related: Ford shares shift into reverse
But does that even matter? I've written before about how Tesla bulls are looking well past 2015 and 2016 when thinking about what's a fair value for the stock. And Tesla fans have mostly shrugged off repeated comments from Musk about how he feels the stock's valuation may be a bit too rich right now.
So for Tesla to hit a new record, Musk needs to really wow Wall Street. It may be unwise to bet against him.
You could argue that Musk is the new Steve Jobs. "And something else" could be Musk's version of Jobs' famous "one more thing."
First Published: October 8, 2014: 11:44 AM ET
Most Popular

World Bank Finance Chief Declines BonusKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Washington: The World Bank's finance chief said he would decline the remainder of his bonus in a move that appeared aimed at quelling discontent among staff who thought it out of line given planned layoffs and budget cuts.
Bertrand Badre, the chief financial officer who has pushed much of the cost-cutting at the bank, plans to turn down a bonus that would have added up to $94,000 by the end of the year, World Bank President Jim Yong Kim announced to applause during a packed "town hall" forum for bank employees on Tuesday, two sources told Reuters.
A World Bank spokesman confirmed the information.
The poverty-fighting institution has been cutting costs as part of a massive reorganization that Kim hopes will make it more efficient and effective.
But the changes in the bank's structure, its internal funding measures and its focus have demoralized employees, who fret about budget and job cuts, unclear lines of command and a general lack of information.
In the meeting with staff on Tuesday, Kim emphasized the progress the bank has made in recent months, including committing $400 million to fight the Ebola outbreak.
But he said he needed to spend more time listening to staff concerns, according to a source who attended the meeting.
"We are implementing fundamental changes to our development delivery model to become fit for purpose to meet today's most pressing challenges," World Bank spokesman David Theis said in an email. "Of course staff unease is natural and understandable in any large organization undergoing such a large-scale realignment.
"We believe we will come out of this process as a stronger, more unified organization, better positioned to achieve our mission," Theis said.
Kim's meeting with staff on Tuesday came after a 15-minute work "stoppage" employees organized last week, and a gathering of employees on Tuesday morning in the bank's large glass-topped atrium.
The protests come as the world's finance ministers and central bankers start to gather in Washington for the Bank and International Monetary Fund's semi-annual meetings this weekend.
The World Bank wants to slash $400 million from its budget by the middle of 2017 to free up money for development projects, and has said it would likely need to lay off some employees.
Badre is one of four senior officials who received extra compensation on top of their regular salaries under a "scarce skills premium." The names of the other three have not been released.
Badre started getting the annual $94,000 premium in January, on top of his regular paycheck, meaning he has received about $70,000 so far. He will be giving up the premium for the remainder of the year, the bank said.
Badre's annual salary was $379,000 in the fiscal year that ended June 30, according to the World Bank's annual report.
Kim, the World Bank president, was paid $482,080 for the last fiscal year, in addition to other benefits, including a $86,290 allowance to cover expenses.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

JC Penney Says Sept. Sales Softer Than ExpectedKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Roe Conn leaving hosting gig at WLS-AM80
The first Chicago radio gig for Conn was as midday producer and then co-host for WMAQ-AM 670, beginning in 1986. He joined WLS in 1989 as a weekend host for the station, then owned by ABC Radio. In 1991, Conn was elevated to weekdays as host of the midday shift. He moved to afternoons in 1996, where he initially teamed up with Garry Meier – Dahl’s former on-air radio partner.
Conn began co-hosting the radio show with Roeper, a Sun-Times columnist, in 2010.
During his 25 years at WLS-AM, Conn has worked for three different owners. In 2006, ABC Radio sold the legacy station and its full portfolio of radio properties to Citadel Broadcasting as part of a $2.7 billion deal. In 2011, Cumulus Media acquired Citadel Broadcasting in a $2.4 billion deal that added some 225 radio stations across the U.S., including WLS-AM and FM. 
The contract for Conn, which expires in December, was inherited by Cumulus when it acquired WLS-AM.
The news that Steve Dahl would be returning to terrestrial radio after a six-year absence was first reported by media blogger Robert Feder. Cumulus Media confirmed the move Wednesday.
“Chicago and WLS are known for great radio personalities,” Peter Bolger, operations manager for WLS-AM, said in a statement. “That’s why I’m proud and excited to have Steve Dahl back on The Big 89.”  
Dahl has been making waves in Chicago radio since 1978, with trailblazing tenures at WLUP-FM 97.9, WLS-AM 890 and WLS-FM 94.7, and WCKG-FM 105.9. While at The Loop, he was at the center of the infamous 1979 Disco Demolition Night at Comiskey Park, which incited an on-field riot and forced the White Sox to forfeit a game.
The longtime Chicago radio personality, ousted from his last on-air position at WJMK-FM in 2008, turned to podcasting from his west suburban home in 2009. Cumulus, the largest pure-play radio company in the U.S., will also partner with Dahl “to expand his successful podcasting network,” according to executives.
As for Conn, he is hoping to find a new radio home in the near future.
“I definitely see myself returning to radio somewhere – I really hope in Chicago and fairly soon,” Conn said.

5 Reasons Why Social-Media Marketing Is Overratedreddit
You've seen it, right? You log onto Facebook to see what your friends are up to and the sponsored posts promising to teach you how your business can make seven-figures through social media marketing pop up. You see the ads and you wonder if social-media marketing is the missing piece of the puzzle to help your business grow?
First, I believe that social media can be a great way to get new leads for your business. You can't deny the opportunity when you see the billions of users on the various social media platforms.
However, social media marketing isn't what it used to be. The landscape is vastly changing. As tempting as those sponsored posts are, there are some things you need to be aware of before investing your time and money in social media marketing, especially as the main marketing effort for your business.
Social media marketing can help your business but don't buy into the belief that it's the most important part of your marketing efforts. Here are five reasons why social media marketing has become overrated.
1. The organic reach is pretty close to zero
Look at the two largest social media platforms, Facebook and Twitter. According to the Moz Blog , the average life span of a tweet is 18 minutes. Jeff Bullas , a leading social media expert, estimates the organic reach of Facebook is around 2.71 percent, or less.
More and more, we're seeing social media move to a "pay to reach" model. Many social media companies are now public. Getting your business to pay to reach your audience is how they generate profits for their shareholders.
2. Anyone can buy social media followers.
Most of us have probably gotten the tweets that promise thousands of Twitter followers for only $30. It's the same thing with Facebook and most of the other social media platforms. You can buy followers to inflate your numbers.
There is a video that went viral from Veritasium questioning the value of a Facebook like. The video makes a strong argument that paying Facebook to get more likes on your page is not worth the investment. The problem with buying followers is that you're not marketing to real people.
3. People are tired of being sold to on social media.
People log onto social media to see what their niece just did, catch up with friends, watch funny videos, and let friends know what's going on in their life. They realize they will get sold to on social media but there comes a point when it's too much.
A person who has "liked" your Facebook fan page has given you permission to tell them about what your business offers. If it's your personal page, they're not looking for a never-ending sales pitch.
4. Social media platforms are theirs, not yours.
New York Times best selling author Crystal Paine shared the story of a major set back to her business with Michael Hyatt in an article titled " Don't Build Your Social Media House on a Rented Platform ."
She had built a huge social media following that she depended on for traffic and new leads. One Facebook algorithm change plummeted her organic reach to between 1 percent and 3 percent.
Someone following you on Facebook is Facebook's potential customer, not yours. Yes, they're following you, but Facebook has their name, email address, and controls what they see from you.
5. Email marketing still beats social media marketing any day of the week.
This is the main point that I hope you take away from this article. Email marketing is still the best way to reach your present and future customers. Social media provides a great, and mostly "free" way to reach people, but people still respond best to email.
In 2013, 3.6 billion people had email accounts, according to Jeff Bullas . It's estimated that by 2016, that number will increase to 4.3 billion people. While social media has huge numbers, so does email.
Social media friends and followers are limited by what these platforms allow them to see, but 100 percent of the people on your email list receive your emails. When you interact with the people on your website and email list, you have multiple opportunities to create life-long customers for your business.
Don't believe the hype. Always evaluate what's right for YOUR business.
How do you use social media marketing in your business?
This article was originally posted on Entrepreneur Magazine
Photo credit: Flickr/ mkhmarketing
Follow Kimanzi Constable on Twitter: www.twitter.com/KimanziC
More:

State Farm considering use of dronesState Farm considering use of drones
State Farm headquarters
State Farm headquarters in Bloomington.
State Farm headquarters in Bloomington.
State Farm, like insurance rival USAA, considers using drones
Midland State Bancorp to open new Joliet branch as part of fair lending settlement
Chicago-based firm that invests in Israel technology companies seeks to raise $75 million
Bloomington, Ill.-based State Farm, the nation's biggest home and auto insurer, said it's considering using drones.
Last week, rival USAA sought permission from the Federal Aviation Administration to research the use of a drone that the insurer said would improve its ability to process claims in disaster-stricken areas.
"Property and casualty insurers play a major role in funding the restoration of businesses and communities after major incidents, and the integration of unmanned aircraft into USAA's operations will have immediate, positive effects on the lives of Americans and the business community," the insurer said in a letter to the FAA last week. It also cited safety factors.
State Farm, too, is "exploring a number of emerging technologies, including unmanned aerial systems, that have the potential to help us better serve our customers," spokeswoman Missy Dundov told the Tribune Friday in response to a query about USAA's plans. She declined to elaborate, citing the industry's "competitive nature."
0
Open for business: Midland States Bancorp will open a branch in Joliet and step up mortgage, home-repair and multifamily housing lending in northern Illinois, central Illinois and St. Louis to help resolve allegations it avoided doing business in mostly minority neighborhoods.
The settlement is the result of a housing discrimination complaint filed by the Metropolitan St. Louis Equal Housing and Opportunity Council. The agreement was announced by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Midland, with $1.8 billion in assets, was founded in 1881. Until recent years, the Effingham, Ill.-based institution was largely a rural lender, said Midland lawyer Douglas Tucker.
"The question of diversity was whether someone had John Deere or Caterpillar," he said. In recent years, in part because it bought failed banks, Midland entered new markets.
"We've only been in those markets a relatively short period of time," Tucker said of the areas where it must beef up its services to minorities.
"We're excited about opening our second branch in the Joliet area," he said, noting that it would be downtown.
Around the world: Chicago-based Amiti Ventures, which invests in Israeli technology companies, plans to raise $75 million for its second fund, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing. Amiti was founded in 2010 and focuses on early- and late-stage companies in the semiconductor, cybersecurity, big data and mobile sectors. Its website lists seven portfolio companies.
Give a little bit: Fifth Third Bank is underwriting the cost of pet adoptions for veterans at Chicago's Anti-Cruelty Society on Oct. 27.
Adoption fees will be waived up to a total of $2,500 on the "Pets for Vets" day. The shelter's adoption fees generally range from $60 to $85 for cats and $95 to $170 for dogs.
If adoptions exceed the bank's $2,500 donation, a discount of 17.76 percent will be offered to each veteran adopting an animal that day.

UPS boosts seasonal hiring in Chicago areaUPS boosts seasonal hiring in Chicago area
UPS
A United Parcel Service (UPS) truck in San Francisco, California.
A United Parcel Service (UPS) truck in San Francisco, California. (Justin Sullivan / Getty Images)
UPS increasing Chicago-area hiring by 20 percent this holiday season
Job interviews for seasonal work at UPS set for mid-October
UPS plans to hire 4,000 seasonal workers in the Chicago area this holiday season,  almost 20 percent more than last year, to help with a big increase in deliveries from a rise in online shopping.
UPS, which last year hired 3,400 workers, is working with the city and City Colleges of Chicago to conduct hiring events to fill positions for delivery and tractor-trailer drivers.
0
Interviews will be Oct. 18 at Truman College, 1145 W. Wilson Ave., and Oct. 25 at Olive-Harvey College, 10001 S. Woodlawn Ave., according to a news release from the city. Applicants must preregister by calling (708) 387-4683.
UPS announced last month that it was almost doubling its holiday hiring nationwide, from 55,000 workers last year to 90,000 to 95,000 this year. During the previous holidays, UPS was swamped by a surge of last-minute online orders and wasn’t able to deliver many packages in time for Christmas, despite retailers’ promises.

RBI mulls extending debt recast deadline normsRBI mulls extending debt recast deadline norms
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 12:25 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) was considering banks’ requests to extend the April 1, 2015, deadline to do away with regulatory forbearance on restructured advances, R Gandhi, deputy governor of the central bank, said on Wednesday.
Currently, banks have to make five per cent provisioning for standard restructured advances, compared with 15 per cent for sub-standard assets (the first level of a non-performing asset — when interest or principal is due for more than 90 days).
“Recently, we have received such a request from the banking system. We are examining this and will take a call,” Gandhi said on the sidelines of an event here.
As of March this year, stressed and restructured advances, as a proportion of gross advances, stood at 9.8 per cent, against 10.2 per cent in September 2013. Public sector banks continued to register the highest stressed advances, at 11.7 per cent of total advances, followed by old private banks, at 5.9 per cent. According to RBI data, gross non-performing advances, as percentage of total gross advances of the entire banking system, stood at four per cent in March this year, compared with 4.2 per cent in September 2013.
Following a July 2012 report on restructuring of advances by RBI Executive Director B Mahapatra, the central bank decided no regulatory leeway on debt restructuring would be provided to banks and all such recasts would be treated as non-performing assets from April 1, 2015.
Owing to a surge in non-performing assets through the past three years, pressure on bank’s profitability will increase if they have to treat restructured advances as non-performing assets.
R Gandhi also expressed concern on banks’ exposure to the infrastructure and housing sectors. These sectors, he said, accounted for a quarter of bank’s books. “We are very concerned about banks’ exposure beyond these levels,” he said.
According to RBI data, loans to the housing sector increased 18 per cent in 2013-14, while loans to commercial real estate rose 22.4 per cent.
Recently, the central bank had allowed banks to raise long-terms funds to finance affordable housing and infrastructure projects, for which banks will not have to maintain cash reserve ratio and statutory liquidity ratio; they will also be exempted from priority sector lending norms. The move was aimed at increasing the flow of resources to the infrastructure and housing sectors.
Gandhi said since these moves were announced in July, two banks had raised funds through long-term bonds. “On the one hand, we have to take care of banking sector health and, at the same time, we will have to support infrastructure. Natural growth will happen, but increasing the proportion beyond this might be a tall order,” he said.

Judges explains tossing of CVS severance agreement lawsuitJudges explains tossing of CVS severance agreement lawsuit
CVS
Trials and Arbitration Courts and the Judiciary Laws and Legislation U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission CVS Health
Judges tosses EEOC suit against CVS over its severance agreement on technicality
A federal lawsuit challenging an employee severance agreement that contained language commonly used by corporate America generated a lot of buzz, but in the end a federal judge dismissed it on a technicality.
The Chicago office of the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission sued the CVS drugstore chain earlier this year, alleging that its separation contract runs afoul of federal employment laws.
A federal judge Thursday dismissed a closely watched civil lawsuit against CVS Caremark that challenged the drugstore chain’s severance agreement. ( Ameet Sachdev )
The case, filed in Chicago federal court, garnered a lot of attention because severance agreements are widely used by businesses to avoid lawsuits by terminated workers. In such an agreement, employees give up the right to sue in exchange for receiving certain benefits.
But the EEOC wants to make sure employers aren’t discouraging or prohibiting employees from enforcing their rights under federal anti-discrimination laws. These rights include bringing charges to the EEOC and cooperating in EEOC investigations.
The agency asserted that CVS used overly broad and misleading language that confused departing employees about their federal rights.
0
Seeking to dismiss the case before it went to trial, CVS argued that its contract contained garden-variety provisions that have been included in separation agreements for years. One such provision states that while the employee agrees not to sue the company, the employee may participate in an EEOC proceeding. The agency said the right to bring EEOC charges was buried in the contract.
U.S. District Court Judge John Darrah barely addressed the merits of the EEOC claim. He threw out the suit because he said the EEOC did not follow the law by failing to have formal settlement discussions with CVS before filing the complaint.
Darrah dismissed the case last month but didn’t issue his written opinion until Tuesday.
“We would have preferred a different result,” said John Hendrickson, regional attorney at the EEOC's Chicago office. “We continue to have faith in our position. We will be carefully reviewing the court's decision and considering next steps.”
CVS said it was pleased by the judge’s decision.
“As always, we remain committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity and we continue to respect the EEOC’s investigation and enforcement authority,” said Mike DeAngelis, a CVS spokesman.
Jeff Nowak, a Chicago lawyer who represent employers, said the ruling does not bring clarity to an otherwise muddled area of the law.
“That said, the judge’s decision does throw employers a bone,” Nowak said. “The court reasoned that, even if the separation agreement specifically prohibited the filling of an EEOC complaint, this portion of the agreement merely would be unenforceable. However, it would not constitute a pattern or practice of resistance to federal discrimination laws, which EEOC, in effect, was arguing here.”
asachdev@tribune.com

Smart Fiscal Policy Will Help Jobsreddit
Unemployment remains unacceptably high in many countries. It increased dramatically during the Great Recession. Global unemployment currently exceeds 200 million people. An additional 13 million people are expected to be unemployed by 2018.
The most worrisome is youth unemployment. There are examples of advanced economies in Europe where youth unemployment surged above 50 percent. In several developing economies, job creation does not absorb the large number of young workers entering the labor force every year.
This puts unemployment at the top of the global policy agenda.
Working Together: Fiscal and Structural
Faced with this immense challenge, we asked ourselves: "Can fiscal policy do more for jobs?" This is the theme of the October 2014 Fiscal Monitor , released today.
Support to employment and economic growth requires action on multiple fronts. In some countries, particularly in Europe, reform of labor markets may be necessary to remove persistent rigidities.
Fiscal policy cannot substitute for such reforms. But fiscal policy can work in tandem with broader structural reform efforts to support job creation.
The Fiscal Monitor highlights three possibilities.
First, fiscal policy can foster macroeconomic conditions that are supportive of economic activity and labor markets. For example, deficit reduction can be designed and timed to minimize negative effects on employment. Clearly, the adequate policy mix for each country needs to be tailored to its specific circumstances.
Second, fiscal policy can facilitate structural reforms in the labor market. How? Fiscal policy can offset the potential short term economic costs of reform. It can also help build political consensus on reform, for instance, by compensating groups that may be adversely affected by change. This allows me to make a point of general importance: going forward it is very important to improve the understanding of the political dimension of economic policy.
Effective fiscal policy in support of structural reform must meet certain conditions: it should not raise debt sustainability risks; the costs and benefits of the reform need to be well identified; the costs need to be constrained in size and duration; and there needs to be sufficient certainty that reforms will be carried fully to their end.
And third, fiscal policy can be part of the overall design of structural policy measures.
Let me give a couple of examples.
In advanced economies, we find that a carefully designed reduction in employer social security contributions on young workers can improve youth employment.
In emerging market and developing economies, we find that removing tax barriers, providing basic public services, and offering greater access to finance and training can help address challenges related to informality and low growth in labor productivity.
Current fiscal environment
In the last six months, interest rates have been low and volatility in bond markets has been subdued. This has helped ease immediate pressures on public finances in most countries. However, we are at a difficult juncture. Underlying fiscal vulnerabilities and fiscal risks continue to accumulate.
In advanced economies, debt levels are stabilizing but remain elevated. In some cases, debt exceeds 100 percent of GDP. So it is important to bring government debt down to safer levels. But it is also important to be mindful of the uneven economic recovery and the risk of persistent low inflation in some countries, especially in the euro area.
In emerging economies, deficits and debt ratios are generally moderate, but still remain above pre-crisis levels. In some cases, there are risks to debt sustainability from off-budget transactions and government guarantees. Many of these economies share the need to raise potential growth while rebuilding the fiscal buffers used during the crisis.
In low-income developing countries, fiscal risks are generally modest. Here, efforts should focus on mobilizing revenue, better budget prioritization, and higher efficiency of public spending. Some countries also need to strengthen fiscal governance.
Smart fiscal policy
Overall, the challenges I have pointed to throughout my presentation call for smart fiscal policy. This is no time for complacency.
Smart fiscal policy is imperative for countries facing the difficult juncture of an anemic recovery, weak potential growth, and very low inflation.
Smart fiscal policy is one that supports jobs and growth while bringing public debt to safer levels.
Smart fiscal policy is one that values efficient public investment and facilitates structural reform.
More:

Gap Chairman and CEO Murphy Stepping DownKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Expert Rejects Evidence of Life in Brain-Dead GirlKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Dr Reddy s  Sun Pharma Among 14 Firms Probed by US Over Drug PriceKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Washington: Indian pharmaceutical majors Dr Reddy's Laboratories and Sun Pharma are among 14 drug makers being probed by the US Congress over price escalation of generic drugs.
In letters sent by Elijah E Cummings, Ranking Member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and Senator Bernard Sanders, 14 companies have been asked to share "information about the escalating prices they have been charging for generic drugs".
Mr Cummings and Mr Sanders are investigating price increases for drugs used to treat everything from common medical conditions to life threatening illnesses and to identify measures to help reduce costs for patients, healthcare providers, and hospitals across the country (US), said a statement on the US House of Representatives website.
In their letters, both cited data from the Healthcare Supply Chain Association on recent purchases of 10 generic drugs by group purchasing organisations over the past two years.
"When you see how much the prices of these drugs have increased just over the past year, it's staggering, and we want to know why," Mr Cummings said.
"In some cases these outrageous price hikes are preventing patients from getting the drugs they need," he added.
The members asked the companies to provide information from 2012 to the present day, including total gross revenues from sales of the drugs, prices paid for the drugs, factors that contributed to decisions to increase prices, and the identity of company officials responsible for setting drug prices.
Commenting on the price rise of the generic medicines, Mr Sanders, who is chairman of the Sub-Committee on Primary Health and Aging, Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, said, "Generic drugs were meant to help make medications affordable for the millions of Americans who rely on prescriptions to manage their health needs. We've got to get to the bottom of these enormous price increases."
When contacted, a Dr Reddy's spokesperson said, "The company is in the process of responding to the notice and is confident of addressing these queries successfully. It did not initiate any price increasing activity for the products mentioned in the notice."
Sun Pharma spokesperson declined to comment.
The other companies which have been asked to share information are Actavis, Apotex Corp, Endo International, Global Pharmaceuticals, Heritage Pharmaceuticals, Lannett Company, Marathon Pharmaceuticals, Mylan, PAR Pharmaceutical, Teva, West-Ward Pharmaceutical and Zydus Pharmaceuticals.
The share prices of Dr Reddy's and Sun Pharma dropped by 4.37 per cent to Rs 2,963.65 per scrip and 4.31 per cent to Rs 800.75 per share respectively on close of day's trade on the BSE.
Citing examples of increased prices of generic drugs, the US Congress statement said albuterol sulfate, used to treat asthma and other lung conditions, increased 4,014 per cent for a bottle of 100 (2 mg) tablets. Doxycycline Hyclate, an antibiotic used to treat a variety of infections, increased 8,281 per cent for a bottle of 500 (100 mg) tablets.
"Glycopyrrolate, used to prevent irregular heartbeats during surgery, increased 2,728 per cent for a box of 10 (0.2 mg/mL, 20 mL vials)."
The statement further said, "A survey by the National Community Pharmacists Association found that 77 per cent of pharmacists reported 26 or more instances over the past six months of a large upswing in a generic drug's acquisition price, and pharmacists also reported that patients are 'declining their medication due to increased co-pays'."
Citing a report by the IMS Institute for Health Informatics, it said generic drugs now accounted for 29 per cent of pharmaceutical spending and 86 per cent of drugs dispensed in the US.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 22:59 (IST)

Asian Stocks Rebound After US GainsKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Sachin Tendulkar at Air Force Day  At Homepicture  others
Sachin Tendulkar at  Air Force Day ‘At Home’
Cricket legend and honorary Group Captain Sachin Tendulkar at the 'At Home' hosted on the occasion of 82nd Anniversary of Indian Air Force at Air House in New Delhi on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with Marshal of the IAF Arjan Singh at the 'At Home' hosted on the occasion of 82nd Anniversary of Indian Air Force at Air House in New Delhi on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Narendra Modi attending the 'At Home' hosted by the Chief of the Air Staff on the occasion of 82nd Anniversary of Indian Air Force at Air House in New Delhi on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Narendra Modi attending the 'At Home' hosted by the Chief of the Air Staff on the occasion of 82nd Anniversary of Indian Air Force at Air House in New Delhi on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee with Chief of the Air Staff Arup Raha (L) and his wife at the 'At Home' hosted on the occasion of 82nd Anniversary of Indian Air Force at Air House in New Delhi on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee with Chief of the Air Staff Arup Raha and cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar, honorary Group Captain, at the 'At Home' hosted on the occasion of 82nd Anniversary of Indian Air Force at Air House in New Delhi on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee with Marshal of the IAF Arjan Singh at the 'At Home' hosted on the occasion of 82nd Anniversary of Indian Air Force at Air House in New Delhi on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Related

Smriti Irani  Raj Thackeray hold rallies as Maharashra poll campaign intensifiespicture  others
Smriti Irani, Raj Thackeray hold rallies as Maharashra poll campaign intensifies
Ahead of the Assembly polls, HRD Minister Smriti Irani addressed a public meeting for BJP candidates in Kolhapur on Wednesday (October 8). (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
BJP workers welcome Smriti Irani during the election rally. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Smriti Irani addresses the party workers during the rally. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Maharashtra Navnirmaan Sena chief Raj Thackeray campaigns at Thane in support of his party candidate. (Source: Express photo by Deepak Joshi)
Raj Thackeray addresses the audience while the party workers look on. (Source: Express photo by Deepak Joshi)
Raj Thackeray addressing the rally. (Source: Express photo by Deepak Joshi)
Related

Shelling continues; 18 000 civilians flee homesAjit Doval
(India and Pakistan also…)
SRINAGAR | NEW DELHI: The death toll in India rose to 12 and civilians fled the areas straddling the Line of Control (LoC) in the Kashmir valley and international border in the Jammu region in large numbers as Indian and Pakistani troops continued to exchange fire and engage in their most serious confrontation in over a decade.
India and Pakistan also sparred at the United Nations over the ceasefire violations and New Delhi made it clear that its armed forces are "fully ready" to respond to "provocation".
Attending an Indian Air Force function, Prime Minister Narendra Modi assured the nation that "everything will be fine soon". Retaliatory fire from the Indian side had inflicted massive damage on the other side of the border, and as per latest reports, over a dozen casualties have been reported.
Meanwhile, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval held a high-level meeting, attended by home secretary Anil Goswami, Intelligence Bureau chief Syed Ibrahim and BSF representatives, on the situation in border. Goswami was briefed about the situation by Director General of the BSF, DK Pathak, who is in Jammu. The three Service chiefs also met defence minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday. Pakistan's National Security Committee is expected to meet on Friday.
A senior BSF official said Indian forces had retaliated to machine gun and mortar attacks on about 60 positions along over 200-km stretch of the border on Wednesday. Some 18,000 Indian civilians have fled their homes in the lowlands around Jammu due to the fighting, and have taken refuge in schools and relief camps.
Unofficial figures put their number at more than 30,000.
BSF chief Pathak said Pakistani troops were targeting residential areas because they weren't able to cause significant damages to the BSF posts. "They are targeting the residential areas because they think that they are not being able to cause any huge damage to the BSF posts, which is wrong and should not happen," said Pathak adding that there are no talks about flag meeting.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swachh Bharat: Delhi BJP to take leaf out of PM Modi s bookAAP
(Satish Upadhyay will nominate…)
NEW DELHI: Following in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's footsteps to invite nine people to join 'Clean India Campaign', all the office bearers and MPs of BJP in the national capital will each nominate nine prominent persons for participation in the campaign.
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay will nominate nine prominent persons of the society on October 9 for participation in 'Clean India Campaign', which will include social activist , intellectual, sports person, doctor and artist among others.
"All the office bearers of the party and MPs will also invite nine people each in the national capital on their own behalf for participating in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and this will continue in the multiple of nine in the coming days," Upadhyay said.
Slamming AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal for photos of filth and dirt and handing them over to MCD mayors, Upadhyay said that, "Clean India campaign has just started now and the government and corporation know that much has to be done in this field and in this situation, showing photos of the filth in the starting phase of the campaign is childish and nothing more."
"We are of the view that it would be better if the AAP would have cleaned the filth but it is indulging in such activities due to its negative political agenda," Upadhyay said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aadhaar could help India meet poverty alleviation target: World BankAadhaar could help India meet its poverty alleviation target, says World Bank
ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 05.23AM IST
Tags:
AADHAAR
(“Identifying and efficiently…)
NEW DELHI: The World Bank has said India's unique identity or Aadhaar programme has the potential to reduce administrative costs significantly and improve the targeting of poverty alleviation schemes.
The World Bank has noted that India has the maximum number of people in absolute poverty but that it also contributed the most to the decline in its global levels along with China.
According to the 'Ending Poverty and Sharing Prosperity' report released by the World Bank on Wednesday, the number of people below the $1.25 a day threshold is expected to decline to 835.5 million from 1.01 billion in 2011.
"Identifying and efficiently reaching the poor is a formidable challenge in many countries," the report noted, while flagging India's initiative.
"However, recent developments in ICT, such as India's new programme to provide all of its citizens and residences a unique official identity, have the potential to reduce these administrative costs significantly and improve targeting," the report noted. It said nearly 60% of the world's extreme poor are in just five countries — Bangladesh, China, the Democratic Republic of Congo, India and Nigeria.
"The world's most populous countries, China and India, have played a central role in the global reduction of poverty as measured by the $1.25 poverty line. Together they lifted some 232 million people out of poverty from 2008 to 2011," the report noted. India's poverty headcount fell by 10 percentage points within two years, from National Sample Survey (NSS) 2009/10 to NSS 2011/12, it noted.
"Still, accelerating poverty reduction and job creation will require more than economic growth," World Bank president Jim Yong Kim and International Monetary Fund managing director Christine Lagarde said in their foreword, adding that there was a need to ensure "all members of society share in the benefits of that growth".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tianhe plunges after trading resumesTianhe shares plunge after trading resumes
By Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95ac5430-4f6d-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fast Retailing full-year profits fall 29%Any questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

PM Narendra Modi has a practical approach to trade  investment: Jagdish BhagwatiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian share markets soar higherIndian share markets soar higher
Old Mutual prices US arm IPO under targetOld Mutual drops IPO price for asset unit
By Alistair Gray in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ab51130-4f8b-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

World Stocks Roar Fed Approval; Dollar  Bond Yields WiltYou are here: Home Market
World Stocks Roar Fed Approval; Dollar, Bond Yields Wilt
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 15:08 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
London:
World stock markets roared their approval on Thursday of reassurances the US Federal Reserve will not rush into raising interest rates, with risk appetite flooding back into almost every asset class.
The dollar jolted lower, while oil and commodity prices rose. Bond yields in large parts of Europe, which have plunged during years of cheap funding from the Fed and the world's other major central banks, hit new record lows.
Minutes of the Fed's September 16-17 meeting published late on Wednesday showed officials were wary about the dual threats of a stronger dollar and recent wobbles in the world economy as they seek an eventual exit from record low rates.
There were big gains on Wall Street and for Asia stocks, and European shares duly followed suit as Britain's FTSE 100, Germany's DAX and France's CAC 40 rose 0.7, 1.2 and 0.8 per cent respectively in early trading.
"It (the Fed's message) has stabilised risk appetite and it was well needed following the macro economic disappointments we have had recently," said Hans Peterson, global head of asset allocation at SEB investment management. "It is a burning issue, the pace of US interest rate rises. They will tighten of course, but it will probably be very slow."
Even news that German exports slumped 5.8 per cent in August -- their biggest fall since the height of the financial crisis in January 2009, and yet another sign that Europe's largest economy is faltering -- failed to dampen the mood.
Spanish and Belgian bond yields hit record lows and German Bonds edged towards them in a broad-based euro zone debt rally, while many emerging market bonds and currencies jumped.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan, which touched its lowest level since March in the previous session, was up about 1.2 per cent in late trade. Japan's Nikkei share average skidded 0.8 per cent, however, as the yen rose against the weakened dollar.
"Fed officials have concerns on the impact of a strong dollar, which undermines the scenario held by some that Japanese shares will benefit from further strength in the dollar against the yen," said Masayuki Doshida, senior market analyst in Tokyo for Rakuten Securities.
RATE DEBATE
US interest rate futures reacted swiftly to the minutes, with June 2015 eurodollar interest rate futures hitting a contract high as traders scaled back expectations the Fed will raise rates by the middle of 2015.
The rate-sensitive two-year US Treasury note yield hit a seven-week low of 0.444 per cent. The 30-year bond yield dropped to a 17-month low of 3.039 per cent.
In the currency market, where the dollar had gained sharply over the past three months on the perception that higher US rates down the road will attract more funds, investors rushed out of dollar-buying positions.
The dollar's index against a basket of six major currencies slipped as low as 85.046 in early European trading, its lowest level in about two weeks and well off a four-year high of 86.746 hit on Friday.
For the euro it meant a fourth day of upward momentum. It was at a session high of $1.2769 at 0815 GMT despite the weak German data, while the yen was at a three-week high, with a dollar worth 107.85 yen.
"It appears likely now that the dollar index's record run of 12 consecutive weekly gains will be brought to an end this week," said Lee Hardman, a currency analyst at Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi in London.
In commodities trading, US crude oil prices rebounded from a 1-1/2-year low hit overnight, adding about 0.2 per cent to $87.60 per barrel, while Brent crude, the European benchmark, rose off Wednesday's two-year low to gain 0.2 per cent on the day to $91.57. A weaker dollar makes dollar-denominated assets cheaper for holders of other currencies.
Gold, which also tends to benefit from loose monetary policy, climbed to its highest in about two weeks, with spot gold rising about 0.4 per cent to $1,226.40 an ounce.
The Fed was not the only central bank in action though.
The British pound stood at $1.6165, steady on the day and holding above an 11-month low of $1.5943 on Monday, ahead of the Bank of England's policy announcement later in the session. The bank is expected to keep rates steady near record lows.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

BJP launches campaign aimed at  Mission 60 plus  in HaryanaOct 09, 2014 at 02:51pm IST
BJP launches campaign aimed at 'Mission 60 plus' in Haryana
9
0
Chandigarh: The BJP which is eyeing a majority government in Haryana has launched a high-pitched poll campaign by pressing its top leadership into campaigning to realise its target of "Mission 60 plus" seats in the State.
While Prime Minister Modi during his three visits has already addressed eight public meetings covering various parts of the Congress-ruled State, a number of other top BJP leaders have also been involved in the campaign.
Those who have been campaigning in the State include BJP President Amit Shah, Union Ministers Rajnath Singh, Sushma Swaraj, Nitin Gadkari, Smriti Irani, Piyush Goyal, Rao Inderjit Singh, Chief Ministers of some BJP ruled states including Shivraj Singh Chouhan, besides Navjot Singh Sidhu and other leaders.
BJP's best electoral performance in the state so far has been winning 16 seats out of the 20 contested by the party in 1987, when Devi Lal-led INLD had swept to power.
#haryana assembly elections #haryana #bjp #mission 60 plus
In the past, the saffron party that was restricted to playing second fiddle to Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) and the then Bansi Lal led Haryana Vikas Party (later merged with Congress), is for the first time contesting from all the 90 assembly seats on its own.
From having six legislators in 2000, two in 2005 and just four in 2009, BJP is hoping to wrest power from the Congress, which has been in power in the state for the past two consecutive terms.
"People gave us overwhelming support in the Lok Sabha polls. They are fed up with the Congress rule in the state, which has taken Haryana backward with corruption, land scams, poor law and order, unemployment and lopsided development. These have been the main achievements of the Hooda government," BJP spokesman and party candidate from Narnaund assembly segment, Capt Abhimanyu said.
He said the BJP will form the next government in the State "with a comfortable majority".
BJP's best electoral performance in the state so far has been winning 16 seats out of the 20 contested by the party in 1987, when Devi Lal-led INLD had swept to power.
However, in 1991, BJP again went down, managing to win just two seats. In 1996, the party went on to win 11 seats.
The challenge for the BJP in Haryana has been to find a leader who would match former Deputy Chief Minister Dr Mangal Sain's aura. Even for the October 15 polls, the BJP is fighting the polls under the leadership of Narendra Modi and has not named any Chief Ministerial candidate.
1

Turkeys Syria stance widens ethnic riftsTurkey’s Syria policy is undoing years of rapprochement with Kurds
By Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7e84cc9a-4efc-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hardcastle to invest Rs 850 cr to add 250 Mc...Hardcastle to invest Rs 850 crore to add 250 McDonald's outlets
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 03.45PM IST
Tags:
Amit Jatia
NEW DELHI: Hardcastle Restaurants, McDonald's franchisee for West and South India operations, will invest up to Rs 850 crore to add 250 outlets of the US fast food chain within 3-5 years.
"We will invest Rs 800-850 crore in the next three to five years to open 250 outlets in the West and South regions. This investment includes adding 175 to 200 McCafe coffee shops," Hardcastle Restaurants Vice-Chairman Amit Jatia told PTI.
McCafe, which was introduced in India in October 2013, is opened within a McDonald's outlet. At present, Hardcastle operates 192 McDonald's outlets.
On growth plans, Jatia said: "We have been evolving continuously. We have been re-imaging our outlets, adapting menu and expanding rapidly to grow in the Indian market. On the menu side, in the next 5 years we will do a lot more to bring McDonald's global products in India."
When asked about the increasing competition in the burger category from players like KFC and Dunkin' Donuts, Jatia said: "McDonald's will continue to have a leadership position in the burger space. I believe that competition will only grow the western fast food segment of the market. India market is huge and there is ample space for all players."
Jatia said though same store sales have been on a decline due to negative consumer sentiments owing to economic slowdown but with a new government, he expects it to improve in the next 6-12 months.
McDonald's operations in North and East regions in India were used to be run by Connaught Plaza Restaurants through a joint venture with the US fast food chain. However, the partners are currently involved in a legal spat over management control.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee Touches High of 60.91/DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Touches High of 60.91 Per Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 14:05 (IST)
The rupee is trading below the psychological 61 mark at 60.95 versus Wednesday's close of 61.3950/4050 following dovish Fed comments. Rupee touched a high of 60.91 per dollar during the session.
Fed's September meeting minutes released late on Wednesday suggest it is in no hurry to raise rates.
Almost all Asian currencies trading stronger versus the dollar.
Shares to be monitored for clues on foreign fund flows.
Nifty is trading over 1 per cent higher.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Gold Ends Steady at Rs 27 400You are here: Home Industries
Gold Ends Steady at Rs 27,400 in Thin Trade
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 09, 2014 15:57 (IST)
DDA Housing Scheme: Draw to be Held on Tuesday
New Delhi: After rising for three straight sessions, gold remained steady at Rs 27,400 per 10 grams in the national capital on Thursday on the back of restricted buying by jewellers and retailers even as the metal strengthened in global markets.
Silver too ended flat at Rs 39,000 per kg on some buying support from coin makers ahead of Diwali.
Traders said restricted buying from jewellers and retailers mainly kept precious metals at previous levels.
Globally, gold added 0.5 per cent to $1,227.16 an ounce - the highest level since September 26 in Singapore.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity ruled steady at Rs 27,400 and Rs 27,200 per 10 grams, respectively, while sovereign enquired at previous level of Rs 24,200 per piece of 8 grams.
Silver ready also closed steady at Rs 39,000 per kg while weekly-based delivery rose by Rs 355 to Rs 38,810 per kg on buying support from speculators.
In line with overall trends, silver coins continued to be traded at Rs 68,000 for buying and Rs 69,000 for selling of 100 pieces in limited deals.
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 15:55 (IST)

2G case: Kanimozhi opposes CBI s plea on addl witnessesOct 09, 2014, 03.35 PM IST  | Source: PTI
2G case: Kanimozhi opposes CBI's plea on addl witnesses
In her reply filed before Special CBI Judge O P Saini, who is exclusively holding trial in all 2G scam related matters, Kanimozhi said the agency has filed this application for summoning additional witnesses at a "highly belated stage" when the recording of evidence has already been closed.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
2G case: Kanimozhi opposes CBI's plea on addl witnesses
In her reply filed before Special CBI Judge O P Saini, who is exclusively holding trial in all 2G scam related matters, Kanimozhi said the agency has filed this application for summoning additional witnesses at a "highly belated stage" when the recording of evidence has already been closed.
Post your opinion here
 
DMK MP Kanimozhi today sought dismissal of a CBI plea seeking special court's permission to summon some additional witnesses, including Enforcement Directorate Deputy Director Rajeshwar Singh, in 2G spectrum allocation case.
In her reply filed before Special CBI Judge O P Saini, who is exclusively holding trial in all 2G scam related matters, Kanimozhi said the agency has filed this application for summoning additional witnesses at a "highly belated stage" when the recording of evidence has already been closed.
"The present application (filed by CBI) has been filed at a highly belated stage," she said in her reply, adding that the "application is liable to be dismissed". Kanimozhi and others, including former Telecom Minister A Raja and several top corporate executives, are facing trial in the 2G case for their alleged involvement.
During the day's proceedings, Kalaignar TV MD Sharad Kumar, a co-accused in the case, also filed his reply on the CBI's plea and sought dismissal of the application on the same ground -- that it has been filed at a belated stage.
Some of the other co-accused in the case told the judge that they would not file written reply on CBI's plea but will advance their arguments orally. The court asked the defence advocates to file their replies, if any, by October 14 and fixed the matter for arguments on October 27.
The court had earlier issued notices to all the accused seeking their replies on CBI's application after the agency had placed some new facts before the court. The court had said it would hear the submissions of the accused before deciding on CBI's plea.
CBI had moved the application seeking court's permission to summon some prosecution witnesses and to place additional documents on record saying they were necessary to arrive at the truth.
Besides Rajeshwar Singh, CBI has sought permission to call ED's Assistant Director Satyendra Singh, Under Secretary of Ministry of Information and Broadcasting Navil Kapur and bank official D Mani.
Apart from these four persons, the agency has sought to recall General Manager (Finance) of Kalaignar TV (P) Ltd G Rajendran, who had earlier deposed as a witness in the case, for further examination.
In its plea, CBI has said these persons were required to be examined as witnesses as some new facts have emerged in the investigation conducted by ED which had recently filed a separate charge sheet against 19 accused in a 2G scam-related money laundering case.
The court had earlier closed the defence evidence in the case and had fixed the matter for November 10 for hearing final arguments. Besides Raja and Kanimozhi, former Telecom Secretary Sidharth Behura, Raja's erstwhile private secretary R K Chandolia, Swan Telecom promoters Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka, Unitech Ltd MD Sanjay Chandra, Reliance ADAG executives Gautam Doshi, Surendra Pipara and Hari Nair are facing trial in the case.
Bollywood producer Karim Morani, Kalaignar TV Managing Director Sharad Kumar and Directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal, are also facing trial.
Besides them, three telecom firms -- Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd, Reliance Telecom Ltd and Unitech Wireless (Tamil Nadu) Pvt Ltd -- are also accused in the case.
The court had on October 22, 2011 framed charges against them under various provisions of the IPC and the Prevention of Corruption Act dealing with offences of criminal conspiracy, cheating, forgery, faking documents, abusing official position, criminal misconduct by public servant and taking bribe.
Raja, Kanimozhi, Shahid Balwa, Vinod Goenka, Asif Balwa, Rajiv Agarwal, Karim Morani and Sharad Kumar, along with others, were also chargesheeted by the ED in a 2G scam related money laundering case.
RELATED NEWS

Digitization to help create more jobs: Mukesh AmbaniJharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Defence Ministry never been reduced to an additional charge: CongressJharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Hackers deface Press Club of India websiteOct 09, 2014 at 03:51pm IST
Hackers deface Press Club of India website
8
0
New Delhi: Hackers have targeted the Press Club of India website (pressclubofindia.org) and have posted messages against India and the Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The hackers who identify themselves as Team Cyber Warriors, say that their target is Indian government websites.
Previously, hackers had defaced the Pakistan People's Party website and this incident appears to be in retaliation.
The hackers who identify themselves as Team Cyber Warriors, say that their target is Indian government websites.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

UAS-BangaloreKrishiMela fromNov 19-21UAS-Bangalore Krishi Mela from Nov 19-21
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Oct. 9:  
University of Agricultural Sciences, Bangalore (UAS-B) plans to hold its annual Krishi Mela – 2014 at GKVK campus in Bangalore from November 19 to 21.
According to L Ramakrishna Rao of Directorate of Extension, UAS-B, the mela this year will have participation of national agricultural organic exhibition and national agricultural machinery and food value added products exhibition.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Hardcastle to invest Rs 850 cr to add 250 McDonalds outletsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Hardcastle to invest Rs 850 cr to add 250 McDonald’s outlets
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
Hardcastle Restaurants, McDonald’s franchisee for West and South India operations, will invest up to Rs 850 crore to add 250 outlets of the US fast food chain within 3-5 years.
“We will invest Rs 800-850 crore in the next three to five years to open 250 outlets in the West and South regions.
This investment includes adding 175 to 200 McCafe coffee shops,” Hardcastle Restaurants Vice-Chairman Amit Jatia told PTI.
McCafe, which was introduced in India in October 2013, is opened within a McDonald’s outlet. At present, Hardcastle operates 192 McDonald’s outlets.
On growth plans, Jatia said: “We have been evolving continuously. We have been re-imaging our outlets, adapting menu and expanding rapidly to grow in the Indian market. On the menu side, in the next 5 years we will do a lot more to bring McDonald’s global products in India.”
When asked about the increasing competition in the burger category from players like KFC and Dunkin’ Donuts, Jatia said: “McDonald’s will continue to have a leadership position in the burger space. I believe that competition will only grow the western fast food segment of the market. India market is huge and there is ample space for all players.”
Jatia said though same store sales have been on a decline due to negative consumer sentiments owing to economic slowdown but with a new government, he expects it to improve in the next 6-12 months.
McDonald’s operations in North and East regions in India were used to be run by Connaught Plaza Restaurants through a joint venture with the US fast food chain. However, the partners are currently involved in a legal spat over management control.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Armed with broom  Tendulkar joins operation...Garbage
(Tendulkar has taken the…)
MUMBAI: Responding to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's call for a 'Swachh Bharat' , batting legend Sachin Tendulkar has taken the broomsticks, spade and mattock to collect garbage, litter strewn along the way in a filthy locality in his home town here.
Urging fellow sportspersons to join Modi's 'Swach Bharat Abhiyan', Tendulkar posted on a social networking site a video displaying his efforts to clean the locality "dumped with litter and garbage". "@ImZaheer, @NSaina, Sardar Singh, Atul Ranade, @atulkasbekar, please spread the word.. Swachh Bharat Hi Sach Bharat Hai!" Tendulkar wrote on his twitter handle. As the sun rose, the 41-year-old was joined by hordes of people in his efforts.
"The footpath on the road opposite the Bandra Reclamation Bus Depot was not being used by pedestrians as it was dumped with litter and garbage and covered with wild growth. In fact, the footpath was being misused as a place to answer nature's call!!" his post on facebook said.
It further added, "With a team of friends who volunteered with me, we started early in the morning to ensure minimal disruption to public and motorists. With broomsticks, spade (fauda), mattock (kudal), we started our contribution towards the Swachh Bharat initiative. Within an hour, we were joined by some rickshaw drivers who were curiously watching us till then.
"After two hours of continuous efforts, we still were far from half done. The wild growth needed special attention and we decided to get some help during the day. It was also decided we needed to beautify the place so that locals are encouraged to maintain the footpath." Tendulkar got to know of the harsh reality - the challenges facing them in their endeavour - the next day.
"The following morning we had to clean the dump and litter which had been dumped during the previous day. It was frustrating but also indicated the reality of the challenge that this endeavour was going to face. "After the clean up, we decided to paint the compound wall adjoining the footpath. We also coordinated with the local municipal corporator, who was enthusiastic in his response to put up plants, benches and solar lighting. The Mumbai Police also extended its support by ensuring that no illegal parking happens along the footpath," Tendulkar's facebook post said. Saying that he is committed to do more, the iconic cricketer urged everyone to watch the video, which captures the effort of the team.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Clay Christensens theories are great for executives  but not entrepreneursClay Christensen’s theories are great for entrepreneurs, but not executives
Written by
Amar Bhide Professor, Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy & Pankaj Ghemawat Professor, NYU Stern
October 9, 2014
Steel and calculators buck the trend. (Reuters/Kim Hong-Ji)
SHARE
Amar Bhide Professor, Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy & Pankaj Ghemawat Professor, NYU Stern
October 9, 2014
Simplicity sells. This dictum, advanced by Clay Christensen in The Innovator’s Dilemma has also been central to his book’s blockbuster success. But to what degree are Christensen’s simple, enormously influential propositions reliable?
It’s a mixed bag.
The idea that successful new technologies rarely start out competing directly with the old was groundbreaking. McKinsey’s Richard Foster had claimed that new technologies are generally inferior. If that were so, Christensen countered, why would anyone ever adopt them? In fact, Christensen pointed out, new technologies first find a foothold by providing compelling benefits to peripheral niche markets that are not being well served. Significant improvements then permit some upstarts to challenge incumbents in their core markets. Staples and Amazon, which took on the existing order from the start, are exceptions; even they did not face large entrenched incumbents.
Like many other brilliant insights, this seems blindingly obvious after the fact. It also provides a valuable lesson for entrepreneurs: unless you have a truly breakthrough technology and immense financial resources, don’t aim slingshots at Goliaths. Find and serve those few customers who will find your offering special.
But what made The Innovator’s Dilemma a blockbuster success was the prescription it offered executives—not entrepreneurs. Established companies are vulnerable to technological disruption, said Christensen, because they pay too much attention to their existing customers and neglect emerging threats from new technologies. The solution for an incumbent was to preempt upstarts by creating small nimble units that didn’t serve existing customers or worry about existing sales.
Moreover, effective preemption required incumbents to offer stripped down substitutes for their core products. New technologies that “brought the big, established companies to their knees weren’t better or more advanced—they were actually worse,” wrote Christensen. “But the new products were usually cheaper and easier to use.”
Some corporate chieftains found the formula irresistible. Intel’s then CEO Andrew Grove, was inspired to take seriously the threat from cheap computers and launch the low-end Celeron chip that quickly captured 35% of the low-cost PC market.
Unfortunately, this simple diagnosis and prescription maps rather poorly onto the messiness of technological change. Incumbents often cannot predict which new technologies will morph into mortal threats. Intel’s low-cost chips were well positioned against rival AMD to catch the netbook wave but the semiconductor behemoth failed to anticipate the explosive growth of tablets and smartphones that used low-power chips produced by the likes of Qualcomm. Similarly Christensen’s 1997 book contained an extensive analysis of electric cars whose sales remain negligible but not of hybrids that did find a respectable niche.
The pervasiveness of competitive enterprise ensures that most initiatives fizzle. And of those few that take off, many don’t displace existing products or processes. Automobiles replaced horse-drawn buggies, but airplanes didn’t replace cars and typewriters didn’t replace pencils as many had predicted. Schumpeter notwithstanding, non-destructive creation  (pdf) is as essential a fact of modern capitalism as creative destruction.
While complacency corrodes any enterprise, incumbents cannot afford to be spooked by every will-o’-the-wisp. Managers of long-lived organizations have to deal with many threats, not the least those posed by head-on competitors.
Christensen’s claim that disruptive technologies typically emerge from the low end is not a reliable guide for identifying the more serious threats. Yes, Nucor and other mini-mills may have overwhelmed integrated steel producers like Bethlehem and US Steel by working their way up from low-end reinforcing bar products to sophisticated sheet steel. (Mini-mills may also have enjoyed huge cost advantages from using non-union labor.) But the early electronic calculators were better and many times more expensive than slide rules and metal tennis rackets provided more power than wood rackets at higher prices. Digital video editing was first sold in very high-end systems to professional users before migrating down to cheaper desktop software.
Apple’s iPhones offered revolutionary features at eye popping prices when they were introduced. Christensen predicted they would fail. Instead Jobs’s “amazing!” “cool” brainchild pushed Nokia, the high-volume, low cost producer out of the mobile phone business and jeopardized Intel’s leadership in semiconductors. In 1999, Christensen had criticized Microsoft’s Excel spreadsheet for being too big and over-featured and predicted low-end substitutes based on Java would “ get Microsoft long before the Justice Department does .” As it happens, Microsoft’s suite of office products generated nearly $25 billion in revenue last year.
Less isn’t always more, in other words.
Even foresight and all-out effort provides limited protection to incumbents threatened by revolutionary technological change. Software Arts, developer of the pioneering Visicalc spreadsheet stinted no effort to create a next generation product as the first 8-bit personal computers were being replaced by 16-bit machines. Lotus’s 1-2-3 spreadsheet was just better. Contrary to myth, Kodak didn’t neglect digital photography; it is facile to assert that if the film maker had tried harder or earlier it would have emerged as the leader in the new market. Likewise it is implausible that a skunk works could have sheltered Canon’s digital cameras from picture-taking smartphones, and Faber-Castell’s slide rules from electronic calculators.
Then there are Microsoft’s travails in tablets. Microsoft made a huge commitment at the turn of the millennium, with Bill Gates declaring in 2001 that within five years tablets would be “ the most popular form of PC sold in America .” But it was Apple that made an elegant and expensive go of the form factor—eight years later.
The alternative to the hypothesis that new technologies destroy incumbents is that the process of technological change has much in common with the unpredictability of biological evolution. And even when “disruption” is predictable, trying to forestall it may not be the right option. Would it really make sense for Harvard Business School, for instance, to abandon its well-honed face-to-face discussion model and jump with both feet onto the MOOC (massive open online course) bandwagon even if the latter’s general success were assured?
More broadly, the messiness of the real world demands close attention to context and consideration of a wide range of options, including an entry through acquisition or incremental innovation—or a graceful exit—after the dust settles. Disrupting yourself cannot be the default choice.
“For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong,” H.L. Mencken wrote. The hedgehog who knows just one big thing cannot master the unruliness of competitive enterprise. In the conduct of business and other human affairs, we need the fox’s knowledge of many little things. But neither should we look to scholars, savants, or big data for nostrums that effectively combine this multifarious knowledge. There is no ducking case-by-case judgments and anxious leaps of faith. That’s why the life of the innovator is such a thrill, the rewards of successful enterprise are so great, and success is never forever.
We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com . 
Share this:

Sensex ends 390 points higher; capital goods  realty  banks leadSensex ends 390 points higher; capital goods  realty  banks lead
Kaspersky appoints Peter Hewett as new Asia Pacific MDKaspersky appoints Peter Hewett as new Asia Pacific MD
Our Bureau
Hyderabad, Oct. 9:  
Kaspersky Lab has appointed Peter Hewett as Managing Director of the company's Asia Pacific region.
He will take care of sales, marketing and business development functions in the region, the Moscow-based Internet security solutions company said here in a press release on Thursday.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Cisco to set up $80 m China cloud JV with TCLCisco to set up $80 m China cloud JV with TCL
Reuters
Tweet
BEIJING, Oct 9:  
Cisco Systems Inc will establish an $80 million joint venture with Chinese hardware manufacturer TCL Corp to invest in commercial cloud computing services, TCL said in a stock exchange filing on Thursday.
Cisco will invest $16 million in the new firm, which has not been named and is still being registered, and hold a 20 per cent stake, the filing said. TCL will pay $64 million for an 80 per cent share. These investments will be made over three stages, each of which will require the approval of both parties. No timeframe for the investments was given.
The agreement follows other U.S. technology firms -- including Amazon.com Inc, IBM Corp and Microsoft Corp -- as they move into cloud computing services in China, undeterred by the rocky business climate for American companies with tensions between the world's two largest economies over cybersecurity.
The new company will build data centres in China, and set up cloud-based video communication and collaborative office systems for Chinese small- and medium-sized enterprises and industry users.
The size of the joint venture may be expanded, based on market needs and the development of the company, TCL said. TCL, through an offshore affiliate, will name four directors and Cisco will name one. The affiliate will also be responsible for deciding on the core management team.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Vodafone asks Govt to allocate spectrum urgentlyVodafone asks Govt to allocate spectrum urgently
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 09, 2014 04:18 PM IST
Vodafone India, the country's second largest cellular operator, on Thursday, said it has asked the government to immediately allocate spectrum that it has won in last auction in February. It has also said that the Government should extend the validity of the spectrum by six months.
The company has sought DoT response on its communication by October 10, Vodafone said.
"Vodafone India has formally requested the DoT and regulator Trai for immediate allotment of the 1800MHz spectrum, which it had won in auctions. Only seven weeks are left, when as per DoT, the presently deployed spectrum in 900MHz is to be replaced by 900MHz won in auctions," Vodafone India said in a statement on Thursday.
Vodafone India's operating permits for service zones in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata are due to expire in November and the company had bought fresh spectrum in the same circles to continue operations. Bharti Airtel's licence in Delhi and Kolkata are also expiring in November.
"Despite several reminders, the spectrum has not been earmarked till now," Vodafone said. The company said it may have "repercussions bigger than any other quality of service issue seen in the history of mobile telecom in India". Vodafone had more than 20 million subscribers in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata till July.
"This changeover under normal circumstances could take at least six months after the earmarking of frequencies. DoT is also on record saying that looking at the technical and implementation issues, it is observed that 6 months period may not be sufficient to migrate the network from 9,00 MHz to 1,800 MHz band on extension of licences," it said.
Under the current situation, the company noted, with very little time left and spectrum frequencies not assigned on the prescribed date is bound to considerably impact services despite best efforts by the company round the clock. "The public cannot afford any loss of service because of these changeovers not getting completed due to non-earmarking of spectrum in 1800MHz band by DoT," Vodafone said.

Kullu Dussehra ends without animalsacrificeTo avert any untoward situation, the administration had made massive deployment of the police force at the Dhalpur maidan. (Source: Express photo by Lalit Kumar)
Written by Ashwani Sharma | Kullu | Posted: October 9, 2014 5:11 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 6:35 pm
In a major departure from an age-old tradition, no animal sacrifice was made at the famous Kullu Dussehra at the end of the week-long religious festival, involving congregation of hundreds of deities at Dhalpur ground.
The Himachal Pradesh High Court last month had imposed a ban on animal sacrifices at temples, religious fairs and festivals in the state and had issued directions to all Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police to enforce the order strictly.
To avert any untoward situation, the administration had made massive deployment of the police force at the Dhalpur maidan.
Dev Samaj, a body of caretakers of local deities, had filed an appeal in the Supreme Court but did not get any relief as the case came up for hearing on Wednesday leaving no option for the oracles and caretakers to abide by the HC order.
Deputy Commissioner of Kullu Rakesh Kanwar told The Indian Express that awareness created by the local administration through hoardings, posters and pamphlets apart from meetings with Maheshwar Singh – erstwhile Raja of Kullu who is also the head caretaker of Lord Rangunath ji (presiding deity) – and other representative of the deities helped to handle the situation.
“No violation of the High Court happened at the venue which is marked for the animal sacrifice. I thank the representatives of deities particularly the royal family of Kullu for cooperation,” said Kanwar.

Hero launches Splendor Pro Classic and Passion Pro TR inIndiaPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 5:04 pm
Hero Motocorp has launched two new models in it’s commuter line-up – Splendor Pro Classic and Passsion Pro TR. The Splendor Pro Classic is a Cafe Racer styled motorcycle on the lines of its popular Splendor Pro, whereas the Passion Pro TR is an on-off road motorcycle based on the executive commuter, Passion Pro. The Splendor Pro Classic is priced at Rs. 48,650, while the Passion Pro TR bears a price of Rs. 51,550 (both prices ex-showroom, Delhi).
The Splendor Pro Classic is adorned with all the ‘cafe racer’ elements and accessories, such as round lights, spoke wheels, single seat, sportier handlebar, cafe cowl at rear and simplistic body panels. The headlights, turn indicators, front and rear fenders, twin-pod instrument console and rear view mirrors are adequately treated with chrome, which add some bling to the otherwise conventional design of the Splendor. The bike comes in only one variant with electric start as standard, and is available in two colors – Solid Maroon and Carbon Black.
The Splendor Pro Classic is powered by the same four-stroke, air cooled, single cylinder, OHC engine from the Splendor Pro, which is mildly tuned to churn out more power of 8.4PS and torque output of 8.04Nm. Other mechanicals such as the tubular double cradle frame, front telescopic forks, rear coil springs, drum brakes at both ends, tyres and spoke wheels are borrowed from the Splendor Pro. The Splendor Pro Classic is now the most affordable Cafe Racer styled motorcycle, positioned much below the similarly styled Royal Enfield Continental GT.
The other bike, Passion Pro TR, is nothing but a kitted out Passion Pro which makes it a pseudo on-off-road motorcycle, unlike a proper one such as Hero Impulse. The bike comes with added equipment such as crash guards on handlebar grips, headlamp grill, high-raised front fender, off-road tread design for tyres, engine bash plate and fuel tank pads. All these additional accessories make it a sturdier looking motorcycle as compared to the standard Passion Pro.
Just like the Splendor Pro Classic, the Passion Pro TR too borrows the engine from its standard counterpart, which is a four-stroke, air cooled, single cylinder, OHC engine. The engine produces 7.8PS of power and 8.04Nm, which are no different from the standard Passion Pro. The front telescopic forks and rear coil springs have also not been tweaked to make it an on-off-road package as it appears. The Passion Pro TR is also available in a single variant, with electric start, alloy wheels and front disc brake as standard equipment. The bike comes in three paint options of Electric Blue, Sports Red and Black with Sports Red.

Choppergate: Orsi found guilty of false invo...Choppergate
(An Italian court sentenced…)
MILAN: Former Finmeccanica CEO Giuseppe Orsi and ex-AgustaWestland head Bruno Spagnolini were today acquitted of corruption charges in the Rs 3,600 crore VVIP chopper deal with India but were sentenced to two-year jail term on lesser charges of falsification of invoices.
"Former Finmeccannica CEO Giuseppe Orsi and ex-AgustaWestland head Bruno Spagnolini were acquitted of charges of international corruption in relation to alleged bribes paid to land a contract to sell 12 helicopters to the Indian government," Italian news agency Ansa reported.
However, both Orsi and Spagnolini were convicted of false invoicing and sentenced to two years in prison, the agency said.
On January 1, India scrapped the contract with Finmeccanica's British subsidiary AgustaWestland for supplying 12 AW101 VVIP choppers to the Air Force for alleged breach of contractual obligations and charges of paying kickbacks to the tune of Rs 360 crore by it for securing the deal.
The CBI and the Enforcement Directorate are still probing the case in India where former IAF Chief S P Tyagi and his cousins are alleged to be the beneficiaries.
The ED has booked Tyagi, his family members, European nationals Carlo Gerosa, Christian Michel and Guido Haschke, four firms -- Finmeccanica, AgustaWestland and Chandigarh- based IDS Infotech and Aeromatrix, two companies based in Mauritius and Tunisia, few other firms and unknown persons in CBI's criminal complaint.
In view of the corruption charges, India has also barred Finmeccanica and its group companies from participating in defence ministry tenders.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A dance for the DeviUpdated: October 9, 2014 18:54 IST
A dance for the Devi
Gudipoodi Srihari
Special arrangement Vyshnavie as Sri Lalitha.
Special arrangement Rajeswari Sainath being felicitated.
Special arrangement Vyshnavie in Sri Lalitha Vaibhavam
TOPICS
dance
Raga Sapta Swaram organised a meaningful and memorable Vijayadasami to the delight of the dance connoisseurs
Raga Saptha Swaram, a cultural and social service organisation, celebrated Vijayadasami in a significant way. Presentation of ‘Swarna Kankanam’ to renowned dancer Rajeswari Sainath and hosting of the Bharatantyam ballet, ‘Sri Lalitha Vaibhavam’.
Staged at Ravindra Bharati, this ballet was composite of some chosen ‘Lalitha Sahasranama Stotrams’ converted into lyrical form and presented in dance format.
It was floating effulgence, radiant splendour of scintillating cosmic energy though invisible but felt in this show. Rajeswari Sainath conceived this theme with the help of scholar Samavedam Shanmukha Sarma who also added some slokas from Sankaracharya’s Soundarya Lahari.
The strong points of this show were dance choreography by Rajeswari, music score by Rajkumar Bharati and rhythm concept of Guru Karaikkudi Mani. The dances were presented to a pre-recorded music. The ballet was a continuous flow of dance and music divided between two groups — one led by Rajeswari and other by her daughter Vaishnavie. The choreography and rhythm were so taut, they demanded perfection in every move of the artistes in jati presentation and mimetic spells that artistes met with ease. The devotional element was taken care of byRajeswari and the narrative part of the theme went to Vaishnavie.
In the final part, Lalitha’s dynamism, radiance, beauty and equanimity were all brought into view by Vyshnavie, particularly in sequences where Lalitha faces demon Bhandasura. The way Goddess Lalitha equips herself with a chariot, elephants, horses and weapons and then riding chariot were all mimetically shown was worth watching. The saber duel between Lalita and the demon mirrored Vaishnavie’s newly acquired knowledge of Kerala martial art form Kalarippu that she used in fight with the demon. It also included engaging sword play, catapults and so on. Finally the Goddess stabbing Bhandasura with a trident and standing by the side of vertical sword she put in his belly added to the thrill of the drama.
Rajeswari stood central figure in most of the drama with awesome dances etched in complicated jatis presented with utter devotion and perfection. Her depiction of Dasavatara just sitting and portraying the ten avatars by just holding hastas to the Sanskrit line Karanguli Nakothapa Narayana Dasaakriti was another impressive sequence. The ballet ended with Sri Lalitha seated in her throne under a silvery arch resembling what we see in sanctum sanctorum of a temple; where part of the text of Soundaryalahari was rendered.
At a function arranged later, K.V. Ramanachari IAS (Retd.) advisor, Culture, Telangana State while honouring Rajeswari Sainath called it an unmatched event at an appropriate time. Vijayababu, Commissioner, Right to Information, presided over the function while R.V. Chandravadan, Commissioner, Information and Public relations, Telangana; K.I. Varaparasada Reddy, Chairman, Shanta Biotechnics were the special invitees.

Chart of the day: Can self-drive rental restore Nano gloryOct 09, 2014, 05.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Chart of the day: Can self-drive rental restore Nano glory?
Tata’s efforts, as well as a proactive marketing strategy to shift the Nano away from being positioned as a ‘cheap car’ to be seen as a ‘city car’, does not seem to have helped.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Chart of the day: Can self-drive rental restore Nano glory?
Tata’s efforts, as well as a proactive marketing strategy to shift the Nano away from being positioned as a ‘cheap car’ to be seen as a ‘city car’, does not seem to have helped.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Tata Motors  has tied up with leading car rental service Carzonrent where customers will be able to rent the car for a full day for as little as Rs 399 per day or Rs 99 per hour on a self-drive basis.
"Through this partnership we will reach out to a larger customer base and give them an opportunity to experience the Nano in a self drive avatar," Tata Motors Head Institutional Sales Deepankar Tiwari said.
Currently, the cheapest car that customers can rent on the website costs Rs 1,400 per day.
The move is the latest by Tata to shore up fortunes of its entry-level car, which started off with a bang, notching up sales of about 10,000 units a month soon after its late 2009 launch, but which has now fallen out of favour with buyers.
The Nano, billed at launch as the world’s cheapest cars, has witnessed its fortunes dip after a series of fire-related incidents took a toll on buyers’ perception of its safety and quality aspects.
In 2010, the Nano sold about 60,000 units (average: 5,000 units a month), which went up to 71,000 (6,000 a month) and 77,000 units (6,500) in 2011 and 2012.
But its sales nosedived in 2013 (it sold all of 18,500 units a year), with monthly sales hitting a low of a mere 550 units in December last year. In contrast, Tata’s Sanand plant in Gujarat has the capacity of producing 25,000 Nanos a month.
A brainchild of Ratan Tata, the car was launched with the intention of luring two-wheeler users into upgrading to it but the script has gone awry along the way.
In fact, to counter falling sales, Tata Motors has given the car a lot of upgrades -- such as launching a CNG version in October 2013 and an all-new variant Twist in January this year – and launched customer-friendly initiatives such as the option of buying the car online or via the credit card. Early on, Tata had made the Nano available through retail outlets such as Big Bazaar.
But Tata’s efforts, as well as a proactive marketing strategy to shift the car away from being positioned as a ‘cheap car’ to be seen as a ‘city car’, does not seem to have helped.
Further, Tata plans to introduce the Nano in a diesel as well as with a semi-automatic gearbox (AMT) seen on Maruti Celerio.
The chart below captures the Nano’s sales since 2010, while highlighting major events in the car’s life.
Tata Motors stock price
On November 24, 2014, Tata Motors closed at Rs 526.60, down Rs 3.85, or 0.73 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 550.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 331.05.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 59.58 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 8.84.
RELATED NEWS

Government to discuss tie-up with Facebook on social sector issues: Sources14
0
New Delhi: The Centre is looking to tie up with social networking site Facebook on social sector issues like Clean Ganga, female foeticide and education of girl child, sources said on Thursday.
The government will convey to Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerburg, who is on his first visit to India, to look at launching the website in Indian languages as domain bharat has been launched.
Facebook's second biggest exposure is in India after America. After the national optical fibre network is launched, e-commerce, e-health, e-education will become popular.
#mark zuckerberg #facebook #digital india programme #narendra modi
Seeing exponential growth potential for the website in India, Zuckerberg today said he will discuss with Prime Minister Narendra Modi ways to connect villages with the digital world. Zuckerberg said he is excited to help the government in its ambitious Digital India programme.
"India is an amazing country with unlimited potential. It is a place of big ambitions and Facebook is deeply committed to the country. We see lot of growth for us here. Tomorrow I'm meeting the Prime Minister. He is committed to connecting villages online and we are excited to see how Facebook can help," Zuckerberg said.
India has about 243 million Internet users and have 100 million plus Facebook users, but there are over a billion people in the country who do not have access to the net, he added.
He is the third high profile CEO of a US-based firm, after Amazon's Jeff Bezos and Micrsoft's Satya Nadella, to visit India in last few days.
Zuckerberg announced that Facebook is creating a USD 1 million fund to help developers develop apps for farmers, migrants and women. This will be a contest to drive new apps and services in local languages.
"Since 2007, Facebook has been working on new apps and services in local languages. About 65 per cent use Facebook in a language other than English, including 10 Indian languages," he added.
On barriers in Internet penetration, he said: "There are three major barriers to connectivity network, affordability and content."
Zuckerberg, counted among the youngest tech billionaires, said free basic internet access should be like dialing 911 in the US or 100 in India. Technology has to serve the society, he said adding that connectivity cannot be a privilege of the rich and powerful.
"When the benefits of technology are shared across the whole society, that is when we can make the big leap. Because India has embraced science, the next generation has the opportunity to bring the world to India and India to the world," he added.
He said that the whole world being robbed of creativity and ideas because so many people in India are not online.
Zuckerberg said through Internet.org, the industry aims to make Internet access affordable for people across the globe.
Focused on enabling the next five billion people without Internet access to come online, the founding members of the project include Facebook, Ericsson, MediaTek, Nokia, Opera, Qualcomm and Samsung.
The partners are collaborating on developing lower-cost, higher-quality smartphones and deploying Internet access in under-served communities.
With additional information from PTI
1

Tamil Nadu: HC dismisses PIL against Jayalalithaa s removal as CM6
0
Chennai: Madras High Court on Thursday dismissed a PIL challenging the change of guard in Tamil Nadu with the swearing in of O Panneerselvam as Chief Minister after AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa was convicted in an illegal assets case.
A bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Justice M Sathyanarayanan dismissed the PIL filed by an advocate, Prabhakaran, observing that he had no locus standi.
The petitioner had contended that Jayalalithaa, sentenced to four years imprisonment by a Bangalore court attracting disqualification as MLA under Representation of Peoples Act, had not attracted disqualification (as Chief Minister) and Panneerselvam taking oath as CM was usurpation of office.
The petitioner had contended that Jayalalithaa had not attracted disqualification (as Chief Minister) and Panneerselvam taking oath as CM was usurpation of office.
#j jayalalithaa #aiadmk #o panneerselvam #madras high court
Disqualification as a member of assembly would only result in the person losing the membership of the legislature and not the ministership, he had submitted.
The Supreme Court judgement (on disqualification) must be distinguished as being inapplicable to the ministers but being applicable only to the MLAs MPs and MLCs since according to the Constitution, the post of Chief Minister or the Prime Minister was different from that of membership of legislature. The two posts are kept under separate chapter - Executive and not under Legislature - in the Constitution, he argued.
He also alleged the state Governor failed to act in consonant with the Constitutional provision as pronounced by the Constitutional Bench of Supreme Court wherein it had been stated that the Governor must obtain the opinion of Election Commission and shall act according to such opinion in matters of disqualification.
In the present case, the Governor did not consult anybody, no disqualification process was set in motion and no report was sent to the Centre or the President. Instead, in a "hurried manner without any due process of law" he had administered the oath of office to Pannerselvam.
The petitioner had prayed for a direction to declare Jayalalithaa as the Chief Minister based on the oath of Secrecy taken by her on May 16, 2014.
4

Teachers recruitment scam: Delhi HC summons OP Chautala over CBI s plea against his bail21
0
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court has directed former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala to personally appear in court on Friday in connection to the CBI's plea for cancellation of his bail. The High Court has lashed out at the CBI for not informing the court about alleged violations of bail conditions by Chautala earlier.
The 79-year-old Indian National Lok Dal chief was convicted and sentenced to 10 years in jail in a teachers' recruitment scam case last year. A special CBI court on January 22, 2013, had convicted and sentenced Chautala, his son Ajay and eight others to 10 years in jail for their role in the illegal recruitment of 3,206 junior teachers in the year 2000.
Chautala, who was granted bail to undergo medical treatment, had allegedly violated its terms by participating in election rallies. Sources in the CBI said that they had approached the High Court as Chautala had violated the terms and conditions.
The Delhi HC has directed Om Prakash Chautala to personally appear in court on Friday in connection to the CBI's plea for cancellation of his bail.
#teachers’ recruitment scam #haryana assembly elections 2014 #high court #cbi
Ironically, Chautala is seen repeatedly speaking out against corruption in the Congress government in Haryana even though he himself stands jailed for 10 years on corruption charges.
In its petition, the CBI has prayed for immediate cancellation of bail of Chautala and sought his return to jail.
39

Abdul Kalam hopes for better foodgrains output despite poor rainsOct 09, 2014 at 04:55pm IST
Abdul Kalam hopes for better foodgrains output despite poor rains
14
0
New Delhi: Former President APJ Abdul Kalam on Wednesday hoped that the country's overall foodgrains production would be better this year despite rainfall deficit.
Deficit rains have affected kharif (summer) crops in the 2013-14 crop year, forcing the government to keep kharif foodgrains output estimate slightly lower at 120.27 million tonnes. It is aiming to cover the likely gap in production in the ongoing rabi (winter) season.
"Inspite of rain problems, I hope this year we will have good crop. Last year, farmers had harvested over 260 million tonnes of foodgrains," Kalam said addressing a symposium organised by the Dabur group's subsidiary Ayurvet Ltd.
"Inspite of rain problems, I hope this year we will have good crop. Last year, farmers had harvested over 260 million tonnes of foodgrains," the former president said.
#apj abdul kalam #foodgrains #dabur #ayurvet
Farmers have been producing an average 200 million tonnes of foodgrains for last few years. However, there is a need to increase per capita income of farmers by encouraging farm production with value addition, he said.
"Agriculture has a key role in reducing poverty since maximum people live in rural areas... The global objective of halving poverly levels by 2015 is unlikely to be reached at current levels of assistance to agricutlure," Kalam said.
Asserting that the livestock development is directly proportional to national development through agriculture, Kalam called for investment in livestock sector.
In spite of pressure on land, scarcity of pasture land, shortage of feed and fodder and lower yields, the country's livestock sector is showing better promises than the agriculture sector, he noted.
To boost livestock sector, Kalam suggested additional physical and financial capital for introduction of new enterprises regarding livestock besides research and development in veterinary health.
7

Ireland Sells 10-Year Bonds at Record-Low YieldKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Delhi HC directs Chautala to appear before itDelhi HC directs Chautala to appear before it
Frances Patrick Modiano wins Nobel Prize for LiteratureFrance’s Patrick Modiano wins Nobel Prize for Literature
Reuters
Reuters Books by Nobel prize winner Patrick Modiano are displayed at the book fair in Frankfurt Ocotber 9, 2014.
Stockholm, Oct 9:  
French writer Patrick Modiano has won the Nobel Prize for Literature as "a Marcel Proust of our time," The Swedish Academy said on Thursday.
The academy said the award of 8 million Swedish crowns ($1.1 million) was "for the art of memory with which he has evoked the most ungraspable human destinies and uncovered the life-world of the occupation".
Modiano's works have centred on memory, oblivion, identity and guilt that often take place during the German occupation of World War Two.
"You could say he's a Marcel Proust of our time," Peter Englund, permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, told reporters.
Some of Modiano's roughly 30 works include "A Trace of Malice" and "Honeymoon". His latest work is the novel "Pour que tu ne te perdes pas dans le quartier".
Literature was the fourth of this year's Nobel prizes. The prize is named after Alfred Nobel, the inventor of dynamite, and has been awarded since 1901 for achievements in science, literature and peace in accordance with his will.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Modi: We have responded to ceasefire violations with courageModi: We have responded to ceasefire violations with courage
PTI
Tweet
Baramati (Maha), Oct 9:  
Under fire from the opposition over escalating ceasefire violations by Pakistan, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said India has responded to the aggression with courage and lamented public debate on the issue for political gains.
“Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage,” Modi said at an election rally at Baramati, the turf of NCP chief and former Defence Minister Sharad Pawar.
“The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated,” he said.
He slammed those targeting the government on the issue through a public discourse, saying it demoralised the jawans fighting on the border.
“Such an issue should not be part of a political debate...
Elections will come and go, governments will come and go, but please don’t demoralise those fighting on the border by debating these things for political gains,” he said.
“People know my intentions and I need not express those in words. Where the jawans have to speak, they speak with their finger on the trigger...and they will continue to speak that way,” he said.
Targeting Pawar, who had criticised him for holding poll rallies in Maharashtra when there was tension on the border, Modi said, “When you were the defence minister, there were problems with Pakistan and China on the border. Did you ever bother to go to the border then?” “There have been terror strikes in Maharashtra during your tenure...Mumbai, Malegaon, Pune. You could not even reach the terrorists, leave alone catching them. In the spirit of patriotism, we never politicised the issue,” he said.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

E-commerce discounting may not be predatoryHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
E-commerce discounting may not be predatory
Bindu D Menon
Tweet
Lukiyanova Natalia / frenta / shutterstock.com
The Confederation of All-India Traders has called for a probe into the business model and trade practices of e-commerce companies
Mumbai, October 7:  
When e-commerce firms offer huge discounts, is it tantamount to ‘predatory pricing’? While brick and mortar retailers say it is predatory in nature, lawyers point out that there may not be much basis in this charge as the former hold little or no inventory.
An industry body, the Confederation of All-India Traders, called for a probe into the business model and trade practices of e-commerce companies to find out how they offer huge discounts during the ongoing festive season.
“Market-places should technically provide only technology. How have companies like Flipkart achieved such a huge sale when they don’t own inventories? Clearly, they are hand-in-glove with the sellers and would have made anywhere between 5 per cent and 20 per cent,” says Praveen Khandelwal, of CAIT.
CAIT said it has written to Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman to look into the working and business model of e-commerce players. “We are mulling approaching the Competition Commission of India (CCI) to look into the predatory pricing of e-commerce firms,” he added.
Several major retailers also said, on condition of anonymity, that sales of footwear, electronics and gift articles were showing a dip following e-commerce sales.
“The consuming class in India is in the age group of 18-30. Incidentally, they are also the ones who are driving up sales in the online space. This may erode our customer base,” a retailer said.
When contacted, Future Group CEO Kishore Biyani said: “Our laws don’t allow us to sell below the cost price. This is against fair trade practices,” though he declined to say whether the e-commerce sales had any bearing on brick and mortar retailing.
On Monday, e-commerce firm Flipkart, that had offered big discounts on various product categories, suffered from server glitches.
Kumar Rajgopalan, CEO, Retailers Association of India, said: “e-commerce players have always given price sops and brick and mortar players are aware of this. Online stores are like a mall on the net. Retailers themselves are looking at omni-retail channels. It is still too early to say if the discounting has had any impact on sales.”
Predatory pricing is defined as ‘sale of goods or provision of services, at a price that is below the cost. Gautam Shahi, senior associate at law firm J Sagar, said: “While analysing the online portals market in the case of Ashish Ahuja vs. Snapdeal and ScanDisk, it was the CCI’s opinion that Snapdeal is not engaged in purchase and sale of products, and operates only as a web portal for other dealers.”
Shahi said that based on this order of CCI, if dealers offer their goods at below cost price but the web portal itself is not doing so, then no case for predatory pricing can be made against them.
(This article was published on October 7, 2014)
Related

Swachh Bharat: Armed with broom  Sachin Tendulkar joins operation clean-upE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BlackBerry to support Startup Village in VizagBlackBerry to aid Startup Village in Vizag
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Oct 10, 2014 12:23 AM IST
Canadian handset maker BlackBerry is planning to extend support to developers at the upcoming Startup Village in Visakhapatnam by replicating its Rubus Labs model there, according to Annie Mathew, BlackBerry’s India director for alliances and business development.
Startup Village, a not-for-profit business incubator, was started in April 2012 at Kochi in Kerala. It has so far incubated 800 start-ups, including 256 student start-ups. BlackBerry has set up Rubus Labs - its first innovation zone in the Asia-Pacific region - at the Kochi Startup Village, in order to promote development of applications in the BlackBerry platform among the developer community.
“Last month, the Andhra Pradesh government signed an MoU (memorandum of understanding) with Startup Village to set up a similar incubation centre in Visakhapatnam. At present, the government is in the process of creating infrastructure. Once that gets set up, we’ll support the developers in the enterprise support space,” Mathew said on Thursday.
Rubus Labs is designed to foster the spirit of innovation in young entrepreneurs and students in India and to provide them with access to the latest BlackBerry products and technical know-how. Rubus Labs has created 200 applications for BB10 global launch.
Stating that more and more state governments were evincing interest in collaborating with start-ups to develop government and public apps, Mathew said BlackBerry would offer device and technical support in a virtual environment to the incubation centres that the Telangana government was planning to set up in association with the Indian School of Business and International Institute of Information Technology-Hyderabad. “Discussions with Himachal Pradesh for a similar support are already on,” she added.
According to Mathew, BlackBerry had garnered 46 per cent of its second quarter revenues from hardware and 54 per cent from software and services. "We don't expect this 46 per cent to change only because of Passport (BB's new handset) launch," she said.
BlackBerry Passport, with a 4.5-inch touch screen and three-row touch-enabled physical keyboard, is priced at Rs 49,990. The new smart device, equipped with a 2.2 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor, 13-MP rear camera and powered by a 3,450 mAh battery, will be available from October 10, 2014.
Mapmygenome app on BB Passport soon
Mapmygenome, a Hyderabad-based molecular diagnostics startup, has designed an app for BlackBerry's Passport handset. The Mapmygenome BlackBerry app will allow users to buy personal genomics services, track their orders and view their reports and recommendations on their phones.
For physicians recommending genetic tests, this app helps them connect with their patients, with access to health history, reports and genetic counselors' recommendations.
"The app is designed to meet Mapmygenome's requirements of data security and doctor-patient confidentiality," Subash Lingareddy, founder of Mapmygenome, said, adding that the app should be ready for consumer use in a month or so.

Assocham says two-day power holiday sounds death knell to Telangana SMEsAssocham says 2-day power holiday a death knell to SMEs
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Oct 09, 2014 08:29 PM IST
The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Assocham) expressed serious concern over imposition of a two-day power holiday for the industries in Telangana.
While all the segments of the industry will bear the impact, the small-scale units will face a death knell, Assocham secretary-general, DS Rawat, stated in a release on Thursday.
He said that increase in the cost of production and resultant loss in their competitiveness owing to the use of alternative energy sources could be sustained by some industries for sometime, but disruptions in the production schedules would make it difficult for the SMEs to meet their supply commitments, thereby leading to loss of business orders.  
Ultimately, this would lead to job loss of up to 50 per cent in the factory sector. Hence, the state government must immediately explore the opportunities to normalise power situation with the central government, Rawat said.
The Telangana government had decided to impose power cut for two days in a week for industry in the light of a steep increase in demand from the farm sector and shortage of power of about 1,000 Mw.

Rupee sees biggest single-day gain in two mthsRupee sees biggest single-day gain in nearly two months
Swati Bhat     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 18:06 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee posted its biggest single-day gain in nearly two months on Thursday, after hitting the highest level in more than two weeks after the US Federal Reserve's September policy meeting minutes suggested it was in no hurry to raise interest rates.
The dollar fell to a three-week low against the yen, as investors cut favourable bets after minutes of the Federal Reserve's last meeting prompted many to push out expectations for the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
The index of the dollar against six major currencies was down 0.22 per cent with most Asian currencies also rallying against the greenback.
"The dollar took quite a beating and we saw domestic equities rally, both together helped the rupee gain," said Naveen Raghuvanshi, a foreign exchange dealer with DCB Bank.
"We could see the pair touch 60.80 going by technicals but there is good state-run bank buying around 61 levels. Broadly the near-term range is likely to be 60.80 to 61.40/45," he added.
Traders are now awaiting retail and wholesale inflation data and factory output data due to be released next week for domestic cues.
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.04/05 per dollar compared with 61.3950/4050 on Thursday. The rupee touched 60.9025 earlier, its strongest level since September 23.
The rupee gained for a fourth straight day, rising 0.6 percent, its biggest single-day gain since August 14.
Gains in the domestic share market also helped with good dollar selling seen by custodian banks.
The BSE Sensex rose 1.5 per cent, snapping a three-day losing streak, as hopes the Federal Reserve would not rush into raising U.S. interest rates boosted heavyweight banks and blue chips such as Bharat heavy Electricals Ltd.
Traders will continue to monitor shares for clues on the direction of foreign fund flows. Foreign funds have bought a net $13.95 billion in equities and $20 billion in debt so far in 2014.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.35 while the three-month was at 61.95.

Facebook has no near-term plan to monetise WhatsApp:ZuckerbergChief Executive Mark Zuckerberg has no near-term plan to make money from WhatsApp. (Source: Reuters)
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 5:44 pm
Facebook Inc, which closed its acquisition of mobile messaging service WhatsApp on Monday, has no near-term plan to make money from the service, Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said on Thursday.
Zuckerberg, who is visiting India to participate in an event to boost Internet usage, did not give details.
Facebook’s final WhatsApp acquisition price tag has risen an additional $3 billion to roughly $22 billion because of the increased value of Facebook’s stock in recent months.
WhatsApp works across different types of phones, across borders, and without advertising. The app only charges a 99 cent annual subscription fee, which is waived for the first year.

BJP advises TMC to agree to NIA probe into BurdwanblastHasan Molla, one of the accused in Burdwan blast, at CID headquarters in Kolkata on Tuesday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Press Trust of India | Burdwan | Posted: October 9, 2014 5:41 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 6:00 pm
BJP on Thursday advised the Trinamool Congress (TMC) government of West Bengal to agree to an investigation into the Khagragarh blast episode of October 2 by the National Investigation Agency (NIA).
Addressing a public meeting in Burdwan town, BJP state president Rahul Sinha claimed that TMC did not want an NIA probe as its links with the terrorists would be exposed.
However, he did not elaborate on the alleged terrorist links but said the state government should not try to cover up the incident by continuing with a CID investigation.
Instead, it should agree to the NIA probe as it is a case of war against the state, Sinha said.
He said it would be bad for the state’s image if the Centre impose an NIA probe by force as per provisions of the National Investigation Agency Act, 2008.
“The NIA probe will happen, either today or tomorrow,” the BJP state party president said.
Two suspected terrorists were killed and an another sustained injuries in an explosion at a house in Khagragarh in Burdwan town from where grenades, rocket launchers, bomb making equipment and ‘jihadi’ documents were found on October two.
The CID has said they were associated with Jamat-ul-Mujahideen of Bangladesh and other militant organisations.

Sonia accuses BJP for claiming credit of work done byUPASonia accuses BJP of claiming credit of work done by UPA
Written by Ajay Khape | Kolhapur |       October 9, 2014 7:23 pm
Comments
Congress President Sonia Gandhi at her first election rally in Kholhapur on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Taking on the BJP for issuing false promises to citizens, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi on Thursday blamed the BJP-led government for claiming credit of the work done by the previous UPA government after failing to bring the shown dream to reality.
“The BJP had given a false dream to citizens during lok sabha elections by giving assurance of fulfilling the promises in 100 days of coming to power. Now, they get upset if we remind them of the promises made,” said Gandhi targeting the government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in her first election rally for Maharashtra Assembly elections.
They had promised citizen that they would check inflation, teach a lesson to Pakistan, bringing black money back to India, ensure employment to youth in 100 days, she said adding, “When the government is asked on the promises made during Lok Sabha elections, they get upset and refuse to respond saying those who ruled the country for 60 years are seeking account of 60 days old government.”
“The BJP is expert in the art of claiming credit of good work done by others. They had been criticising the Congress for the various schemes initiated by the UPA but now continuing the same by merely changing the name of the schemes,” Gandhi said.
The Indian flag is flying high in the world because of the hard work of Congress of so many decades, she said, “The Congress faced all the challenges in the past seven decades with many sacrificing their lives to keep the country united. We never allowed division of community on the base of caste or religion.”
The BJP is now seeking votes in the name of Maratha king Shivaji and the same party has opposed the Congress government initiative to erect statue of the kin in Arabian sea, she said, “The BJP in reality is not the same as they say.”
The Modi government has been taking decision against the interest of Maharashtra by shifting the development projects to Gujarat, Congress chief said the BJP claim of Gujarat is more developed than Maharashtra is false.
“How amusing is this (Waah,kitni majedar baat hain ye),” she said pointing out that Maharashtra is ahead of Gujarat in almost all fields.
The congress chief said that progress can be done only in safe and secure environment but the BJP and Shiv Sena’s only intention is to spread hatred on the basis of region, language, religion.
The BJP and Shiv Sena have got separated but will come together for power, Gandhi said while urging voters to keep the saffron parties from coming to power.
Taking on NCP without naming the party, she said that the voters should be alerted from those who were with us in the past and public should not fall prey to those changing stands.
State Congress chief Manikrao Thakre said that the NCP never worked for Congress candidates when in alliance but the Congress always stood by them. “The party activists were upset with the treatment given by NCP. Now, we have an opportunity to prove our strength to everyone,” he said.
How amusing is this (Waah,kitni majedar baat hain ye), she said pointing out that Maharashtra is ahead of Gujarat in almost all fields.

We have responded with courage to ceasefire violation by Pakistan: PM NarendraModiPrint
The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated, he said.
Press Trust of India | Baramati/new Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 4:51 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 5:42 pm
Under fire from the opposition over escalating ceasefire violations by Pakistan, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said that India has responded to the aggression with courage and lamented public debate on the issue for political gains.
“Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage,” Modi said at an election rally at Baramati, the turf of NCP chief and former Defence Minister Sharad Pawar.
“The enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated,” he said.
ALSO READ:  India warns Pakistan as tension escalates at LoC
He slammed those targeting the government on the issue through a public discourse, saying it demoralised the jawans fighting on the border.
He further said that ceasefire violation should not be politicised. Issues like ceasefire violations should not be a matter of debate for political gains, PM Modi.
We never politicised terror attacks in Mumbai or Malegaon, PM said further.
Meanwhile, hitting out at Congress for taking on PM Modi on the issue of ceasefire violations by Pakistan, BJP termed criticism by the opposition party as ‘unfortunate’ saying the sensitive issue should not be ‘politicised’.
ALSO READ:  LoC firing: Pakistan firing spreads along international border, 60 Indian posts targeted; at least 8 injured
“Congress party has ruled the country for many number of years. It is expected to respond in a more mature manner and in a responsible manner,” Union Minister and senior BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu said on the sidelines of a function here when asked to comment on Congress’ attack on the government over the issue of ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
Reminding Congress of the ceasefire violations that took place when it was in power, Naidu said, “An umpteen number of times ceasefire violations had taken place besides Pakistan abetting, aiding, funding and training terrorists in the country and we have not forgotten the 26/11 incident.
ALSO READ:  After India sends Pak tough message on border fire, PM hints at early resolution 
“So that being the case, Congress party is trying to politicise the sensitive issue which is related to the security of the country. It is unfortunate,” he said.
Naidu said whatever is required will be done. “I hope they (Congress) understand what they are doing. As far as the government is concerned, we are alive to the situation and whatever is to happen, will happen,” he said.
Hinting at a “conspiracy” hatched in Pakistan to divert attention from development initiatives taken by the Indian government, he said, “Pakistan will be made to understand what is the response of India. But I am afraid whether there is any conspiracy on the part of Pakistan to divert the attention of people from the faster development and great initiatives taken by in recent months.”
BJP Secretary Srikant Sharma too criticised Congress along with NCP and other parties for “playing politics” on the sensitive issue.
“We condemn the Congress, NCP and other political parties for not leaving any opportunity of playing politics on this serious issue. It is because of their frustration over losing elections that they are criticising the government even without knowing of the ground situation.
“By criticising the Government they are trying to lower the morale of the forces,” Sharma said even as he lauded the Indian forces for giving a befitting reply to Pakistan’s cross border firing and the government for giving them a free hand.
Lauding Narendra Modi for isolating Pakistan at the United Nations, Sharma said the Prime Minister had exposed Pakistan before the international community and those nations which used support it earlier are today moving away from it.
Terming Pakistan’s misdemeanours at the border as “acts of desperation”, Sharma said the Government has rightly given a free hand to the forces to deal with cross border firing unlike in the past when they would keep waiting for Delhi’s orders to retaliate to the firing.
The BJP leader hit out at the Opposition saying instead of criticising, they should stand behind the Government on this serious issue.
Sharma further attacked the Congress saying it had no moral right to comment on the issue as it had in the past
attempted a cover up of the misdeeds of Pakistan when they had beheaded Indian soldiers.
We never politicised terror attacks in Mumbai or Malegaon, PM said.

Govt links hydel projects to Ganga clean-up  proposes new clearance rulesThe government proposed a new set of three imperative conditions: maintenance of a minimum quantum of environmental flow, longitudinal river connectivity and aviral dhara (continuous flow) for the river on which such a project is planned. (Source: PTI)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 1:53 am
The NDA government plans to link hydro electric projects (HEPs) with its ambitious Ganga rejuvenation plan, for which it has proposed a new set of norms that all the project proponents will have to comply with before procuring environmental clearances.
In its affidavit to the Supreme Court on Wednesday, the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) stated that it wanted to make sure that clearances to HEPs do not obstruct or hamper the Ganga clean-up plan in any manner since “they hold the key to the successful rejuvenation and restoration of the wholesomeness of the river.”
It said a “synergy and fine balance has to be established between the objective of the Ganga River Basin Environment Management Plan and the mechanism/ strategy to be followed by this ministry for deciding environmental clearances to the HEPs on Ganga and its tributaries.”
The government proposed a new set of three imperative conditions: maintenance of a minimum quantum of environmental flow, longitudinal river connectivity and aviral dhara (continuous flow) for the river on which such a project is planned. The three conditions, it said, are required to maintain ecological integrity and biodiversity of the river, non-disruptive biota movement and sediment transportation. These clauses are likely to be applicable across the board for all HEPs.
“Therefore, all HEPs on Ganga and its tributaries in Uttarakhand shall have to adhere to these specifications while designing and operating the plants,” the MoEF said. The SC will examine the proposal on Thursday.
The bulk of HEPs are either commissioned or being constructed in Ganga sub-basins in Uttarakhand. Twenty-four of the total 39 proposed projects in the state were stalled after the SC held that they were significantly impacting biodiversity in two sub-basins of the Alaknanda and Bhagirathi rivers. Besides Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu & Kashmir, Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh also have HEPs.
Admitting that the aspect of environmental flow was “unfortunately not adequately addressed” while granting environmental clearances for the HEPs in Uttarakhand, the MoEF said it wanted to make such clearances mandatory for projects below 25 MW capacity also. The existing rules exempt these projects in a bid to promote smaller capacity HEPs. The ministry said at least eight of the stalled 24 projects were found to be causing significant adverse impact on biodiversity.
“The ministry proposes to bring these projects also under the purview of the environmental appraisal by making environmental clearances mandatory for them. Besides, the issue of aviral dhara and longitudinal connectivity shall also apply for all HEPs, regardless of the capacity and continued…

Apple delays production of larger iPad: ReportsApple delays production of larger iPad: Reports
By Reuters | 9 Oct, 2014, 05.15PM IST
0
Share More
Suppliers had planned to start producing larger screen tablet in mass volume beginning in December, but have been struggling to produce enough new iPhone.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Apple Inc suppliers have delayed the production of a larger iPad to early next year, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter.
The suppliers had planned to start producing the larger screen tablet in mass volume beginning in December, but have been struggling to produce enough new iPhones to keep up with demand, the WSJ said.
Foxconn Technology Co Ltd, which assembles iPhones and iPads, has 200,000 workers in China already putting together new iPhones and making items such as metal casings, the Journal said. Apple is expected to launch the new iPads at an event on Oct. 16.
Asian suppliers expect Apple's larger tablet to have a 12.9-inch liquid-crystal-display screen with a resolution similar to the iPad Air launched in October last year, the WSJ said. Data research firm IDC said in August that it expected tablet sales to slow globally in 2014.
Apple was not immediately available for comment. The company said it sold more than 10 million of its new iPhones in the first weekend they were available in September.

Congress calls Modi an absentee Prime MinisterNew Delhi, October 9, 2014
Updated: October 9, 2014 15:17 IST
Congress calls Modi an “absentee Prime Minister”
PTI
AP A man looks at a hole in the rooftop of his house which was made during clashes between Pakistani forces and Indian forces on Wednesday.
TOPICS
international relations
Congress on Thursday questioned Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s “absence” in Delhi and his engagement in state election campaigns at a time when unabated ceasefire violations continued from across the border.
The party also hit back at Defence Minister Arun Jaitley for his statement that opposition’s criticism was “ill-informed”, saying that they had not been taken into confidence over the matter and that it was the Prime Minister and his government that were acting “irresponsibly” on the issue.
Calling the Prime Minister a “control freak”, Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma said, “When we have such a serious issue at our borders, we should not have an absentee Prime Minister.”
“Prime Minister is a control freak. He wants to be everywhere... Whether by design or default the Prime Minister has been absent during crucial period. He has been busy pretending to be Chief Minister face for every state be it Maharashtra or Haryana,” Mr. Sharma told reporters in New Delhi.
Ruing that a statement from the defence minister too came very late, Mr. Sharma said, “It is good that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who holds the additional charge of defence ministry, has finally spoken... For days there was neither the prime minister nor the defence minister in the sight. India cannot choose to have a part time defence minister.”
Questioning as to why the country still did not have a full-time defence minister, Mr. Sharma said, “BJP’s Prime Minister has done something that “none of his predecessors have done”.
It is a matter of concern that India does not have a full time defence minister even though the new government is in place for five months.”
Attacking the Prime Minister for not taking the opposition into confidence over the issue, he asked, “Did the Prime Minister have the basic courtesy to call the leaders of principal Opposition party of both Houses to discuss it?
“The Prime Minister did not take the country or the Opposition parties into confidence whether it was the issue of China or Pakistan. It was expected that he should have shown maturity and seriousness and called leaders of principal Opposition parties and discussed the issue,” Mr. Sharma said.
Mr. Sharma further attacked the Prime Minister for having still not appointed a special representative to resolve border issues with China after the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to the country.
He alleged that the country has “not seen any clarity or vision” from the Prime Minister on diplomacy and foreign affairs.
The Congress spokesperson said every possible effort should be made to stop the ceasefire violations and there is a need to tell Pakistan in unequivocal terms that Indian response to provocations of Pakistan will be firm.
Cautioning Pakistan to “avoid armed conflict with India”, he said that the recent actions of the neighbouring country like firing into the Indian territory will “further besmirch” Pakistan’s image.
“The firing has to stop. There has to be ceasefire. Only then diplomacy can be initiated...it is better that firing stops and diplomacy begins,” he said.

Cabinet Secretary reviews preparedness for Cyclone HudhudNew Delhi, October 9, 2014
Updated: October 9, 2014 14:57 IST
Cabinet Secretary reviews preparedness for Cyclone Hudhud
PTI
The Hindu Scattered clouds seen on the horizon on Visakhapatnam beach on Wednesday. Cyclone Hudhud is likely to intensify and predicted to cross north coastal Andhra Pradesh and Odisha coast on October 12. Photo: K.R. Deepak
TOPICS
cyclones
The NDRF has placed its five battalions situated at Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Odisha, West Bengal and Bihar on high alert
With ‘Hudhud’ moving closer to the coast of Odisha and Andhra Pradesh, Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth on Thursday reviewed the preparedness for the cyclone which is likely to hit the two states on Sunday.
Mr. Seth, who heads the National Crisis Management Committee, has asked the representatives of all central ministries, departments and Chief Secretaries of the state governments concerned to take necessary steps for preparedness to meet any eventuality from the cyclone, a release issued by the Home Ministry said.
Meanwhile, the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) has placed its five battalions (about 5,000 personnel) situated at Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Odisha, West Bengal and Bihar on high alert.
These NDRF battalions comprise 51 teams.
In Andhra Pradesh, six rescue and relief teams have already been deployed at Srikakulam, Vijay Nagaram, Visakhapattam and East Godavari, it said.
In Odisha, nine NDRF teams are being considered for deployment in districts Gajpatti, Ganjam, Khurda, Cuttak, Puri and Balasore, the Ministry said.
Four teams each from NDRF Patna, Kolkata and Chennai battalions are moving towards Odisha and AP.
“27 teams are being deployed in vulnerable areas as a proactive measure to mitigate the situation during cyclonic storm,” the release said.
A total 162 boats and 54 deep diving sets with other flood rescue equipment are being sent to meet any challenges which may arise due to cyclonic storm ‘Hudhud’, it said.

Petronet LNG: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 09, 2014, 05.23 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Petronet LNG: Updates on outcome of AGM
Petronet LNG has submitted a copy of minutes of Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 18, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Petronet LNG: Updates on outcome of AGM
Petronet LNG has submitted a copy of minutes of Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 18, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Petronet LNG Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of minutes of Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 18, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

The original activistthe original activist
Activists urge PM to cancel approval of 7-km-long road in RajActivists urge PM to cancel approval of 7-km-long road in Raj
Rupee closes at 61.05 as against US dollarRupee closes at 61.05 as against US dollar
Survey gives BJP  allies 154 seats in MaharashtraSurvey gives BJP  allies 154 seats in Maharashtra
Enterprise networking market in India to remain strong and grow: IDC IndiaEnterprise networking market in India to remain strong and grow: IDC India
International Combustion India: Updates on outcome of AGMOct 09, 2014, 05.53 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
International Combustion India: Updates on outcome of AGM
International Combustion India has submitted a copy of minutes of the proceedings of the 78th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
International Combustion India: Updates on outcome of AGM
International Combustion India has submitted a copy of minutes of the proceedings of the 78th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
International Combustion India Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of minutes of the proceedings of the 78th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 12, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Ajwa Fun World & Resort: Outcome of AGMOct 09, 2014, 05.53 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ajwa Fun World & Resort: Outcome of AGM
Ajwa Fun World & Resort has informed that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ajwa Fun World & Resort: Outcome of AGM
Ajwa Fun World & Resort has informed that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Ajwa Fun World & Resort Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Andhra Banks mega property show in Hyderabad on Oct 11-12Andhra Bank’s mega property show in Hyderabad on Oct 11-12
G Naga Sridhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 9:  
As part of its Retail `Utsav’, Andhra Bank will be organising a mega property show at Shilpakala Vedika here during October 11-12.
Over 30 builders and all major four-wheeler dealers would be participating in the two-day event. ``We have waived the processing charges and will also offer spot-approval for eligible customers,’’ G Ravi Kumar, General Manager, Hyderabad zone of Andhra Bank told newspersons at a press conference here on Thursday.
A special focus would also be there on loans for small and medium enterprises. The bank is expecting a minimum business of over Rs 100 crore during the show.
There also be a lucky draw at the end of the each day for the visitors and winner would be given a free-stay coupon at a local resort.
The property show will be inaugurated by T Harish Rao, Minister of Irrigation, Government of Telangana at 10.30 am on Saturday.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

GVK secures green nod for Alpha coal project in AustraliaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GVK secures green nod for Alpha coal project in Australia
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 9:  
GVK Power & infrastructure Ltd has secured environmental approval for the Alpha Coal project located in the Galilee basin in Queensland, Australia.
This Environmental Authority (Clearance) for its Alpha project secured after over six years of work. It represents one of the most rigorous processes that went into the assessment of the Alpha mine, which included around 300 collaborative scientific studies and over 500 specialist consultants.
GVK Reddy, Chairman and Managing Director of GVK, said, “This is one of the most significant milestones in the development of our Galilee Basin coal projects till date which will create one of the most remarkable pieces of regional and economic developments Queensland has seen for decades.”
“This milestone takes us another step closer towards commencing our proposed Alpha mine, which will create around 4,000 jobs during its three year construction and more than 1,800 jobs over its 30 plus years of operation. We’ve invested tens of millions of dollars and thousands of man hours assessing, planning and engaging with communities to reach this stage,” G V Sanjay Reddy, Vice Chairman, GVK, said.
This approval takes GVK closer towards implementing the project. The GVK’s Alpha coal project’s would enable large scale mining techniques ensuring that the proposed mine remains cost competitive even in current tough market conditions.
The combination of large scale mining techniques, favourable geology and other techniques deliver a free-on-board price that would ensure GVK Hancock’s Alpha mine remains relatively immune to cyclical coal prices.
With the Environmental Authority for Alpha Coal Project in place, GVK’s key focus is to continue advancing the project to a point where construction can commence.
Once the infrastructure joint venture with Aurizon is finalised and the regulatory bodies have addressed litigious challenges to approvals, GVK Hancock will execute coal off-take agreements before finalising all financing arrangements.
The proposed Alpha mine will be a full open cut mine producing around 32 million tonnes per annum for 30 years.
GVK acquired Australian coal mines in Queensland with 8 billion tonnes reserves for $1.26 billion and envisages an investment of $10 billion for setting up mines, 500 km rail project and 60 mtpa port project.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Concept restaurants in Delhi you must check outStory
Capital Eats
Delhi may not be the gourmet capital of India but, with international chains and new concept restaurants testing the city's belly, it's slowly getting there.
Delhi may not be the gourmet capital of India but, with international chains and new concept restaurants testing the city's belly, it's slowly getting there.
FOOD DRAMA, JAPANESE STYLE: BENIHANA
If you love drama, why complain if your meal comes with some histrionics too? Challenging the notion that Japanese meals are meant to be a quiet affair, the highlight of Benihana in Nehru Place is a live teppanyaki grill at your table - complete with a chef displaying his knife-juggling skills while interacting with customers. If you have kids with you, be assured that they will come away thrilled!
Benihana, meaning red flower, has a flagship restaurant in Tokyo and over 100 franchises across the world - including one in India. Tucked away in a corner of the busy Epicuria food court in Nehru Place, the restaurant boasts of unpretentious Japanese food served by well-trained attendants. The sashimi appetiser - a combination of salmon, tuna and snapper - is a good starting point before you move on to the well-crafted sushi rolls. Try the emperor roll, comprising salmon, tuna and tempura flakes topped with tobiko and house sauces, or (if you are a vegetarian) the trio seasons roll, which has crunchy asparagus, cream cheese, cucumber and carrots topped with wasabi mayo. All the sushi we tried were true to their origin; the flavours were subtle and clean. The tuna tataki here is also delicious, with slivers of tuna served with a generous portion of ponzu vinaigrette.
Typical fare aside, most people head to Benihana for the set hibachi meals available at both lunch and dinner. This meal comes with onion soup, a house salad served with an aromatic ginger dressing, seasonal vegetables and steamed rice. Pick your meat, seafood, vegetables and sauces, and watch a chef prepare it with style on the teppanyaki located at your table. The menu also sports specialty hibachi dinners, including a fresh prawn starter and imported lamb options. The lounge at Behinana offers happy hours between 3 and 8 pm, where you can get a drink free for each one bought. The cocktails are well executed, with exciting names like dancing geisha, samurai punch and lycheetini. They also have a fine range of finger food to choose from, if you feel like a nibble.
However, keep in mind that the decor at Benihana is understated, and it doesn't believe in localising its cuisine either. Head here only if you crave a taste of Japan.
Must-Haves:
Emperor rolls, tuna tataki, hibachi lamb and chicken lunch
Meal for Two:

India s mfg  services growth lags behind China in Sep: HSBCIndia's manufacturing, services growth lags behind China in September, says HSBC
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 16:30 IST
Photo: Reuters
Manufacturing and services sectors in India expanded at a slower pace than China in September, even as emerging market output touched an 18 month high in the same month, a report by HSBC said on Thursday.
The HSBC Emerging Markets Index (EMI), a monthly indicator derived from Purchasing Managers' Index surveys, stood at 52.5 in September, higher from 52.4 in August.
Moreover, on a quarterly basis the EMI averaged 52.2 in Q3, the best since the first quarter of 2013.
"The September PMI surveys found welcome signs of a renewed upturn in emerging market economies gaining traction, with business activity growing at the fastest rate for a year-and-a-half," Markit Chief Economist, Chris Williamson said.
During July, the HSBC composite index for India, which maps both manufacturing and services, stood at 51.8, whereas for China it was 52.3, Brazil (50.6) and Russia (50.9). An index measure of above 50 indicates expansion.
"The third quarter saw growth in China and India rise to the fastest since early-2013, and Brazil is showing signs of lifting out of its recession," Williamson said.
Latest data signalled that services activity rose at a stronger rate than manufacturing output for the second month running. This was driven by the trend in China, as services activity in Brazil, India and Russia rose at either weak or marginal rates.
"Growth eased in India in September. The average PMI reading in the third quarter was the highest for a year-and-a-half, pointing to a further acceleration of annual GDP growth from the 5.7 per cent pace seen in the second quarter," Williamson added.
Meanwhile, outlook for global emerging markets remained relatively weak in September. The HSBC Emerging Markets Future Output Index tracks firms' expectations for activity in 12 months' time, and was little-changed from August's three-month low at the end of the third quarter.

No near-term plans to monetise WhatsApp: Mark ZuckerbergFacebook has no near-term plan to monetise WhatsApp, says Mark Zuckerberg
Aditya Kalra     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 17:09 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Facebook, which closed its acquisition of mobile messaging app WhatsApp on Monday, has no near-term plan to make money from the service, Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said on Thursday.
Zuckerberg, who is visiting the country to participate in an event to boost Internet usage, did not give more details.
Facebook's final WhatsApp acquisition price tag rose to roughly US $22 billion , an additional US $3 billion, because of the increased value of the social networking company's stock in recent months.
WhatsApp works across different types of phones, across borders, and without advertising. The app only charges a 99 cent annual subscription fee, which is waived for the first year.
(Reuters)

Truecaller  a Swedish caller ID startup  rai...You are here: Home > Collections
Truecaller, a Swedish caller ID startup, raises $60 million
New York Times Oct 9, 2014, 04.42PM IST
Tags:
business model
LONDON: Tired of phone calls from numbers you do not recognize? Now there's a smartphone app for that - and money behind it.
Truecaller , a startup based in Stockholm, allows anyone to identify incoming calls and search for people's phone numbers anywhere in the world through an online database.
The company, which has more than 85 million users worldwide, announced Wednesday that it had raised $60 million from the West Coast venture giants Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, as well as from Atomico, the venture fund started by Niklas Zennstrom, the co-founder of Skype.
"We're a search engine for people," said Alan Mamedi, 29, who co-founded the company with Nami Zarringhalam in 2009 after they both had trouble finding people's phone numbers online. "The goal is to connect with anyone wherever they are in the world."
After downloading the company's app, users have access to a searchable database that allows people to find other phone numbers as long as individuals give their consent.
The service includes publicly available phone numbers from the likes of restaurants and taxi companies, whose information flashes up on people's smartphones when companies call for a delivery or pick-up. The company has reached deals with the likes of Yelp, the online user-review site, to offer people additional information about local companies.
The smartphone app also tells users when an incoming call may be from a telemarketer or other unwanted source.
To avoid concerns about privacy, Mamedi said users retain control over who can view their details and whether they can be found through the service.
"We take users' information very seriously," he said. "We have no intention to sell people's information to third parties."
Truecaller, which has about 60 employees, has spread across the globe, with about half of its 85 million users based in India. The company has several million American users and plans to use the new investment to bolster its presence in the United States and other markets. Including the most recent fundraising, the company has raised $80 million over the past six years.
The company says users make 1.5 billion searches each month for phone numbers in its database and that 200,000 people sign up for its service every day.
"I remember when we were adding 200,000 new users a day at Skype ," said Zennstrom, who will join Truecaller's board. "It was a big day."
As part of new fundraising, John Doerr, a partner at Kleiner Perkins who invested in the likes of Google, Amazon and Twitter , will also join Truecaller's board.
Truecaller, which like many startups is focusing on adding users over earning money from its product, has yet to find a successful way to profit from its service. It offers a premium service for a couple of dollars a month, which allows users to send contact requests to other users, but few people have signed up so far, according to a company spokesman.
"We aren't focused on monetizing our business model ," Mamedi said.
While the company has benefited from the increasing importance of smartphones, particularly in emerging markets, its searchable database of people's contacts may inevitably put it up against companies like Google, LinkedIn and Facebook, which also offer ways for people to connect online.
With an extra $60 million in the bank, Mamedi said the company's global focus - the startup has large followings in countries like Nigeria and Egypt - will help it compete against the larger technology companies.
"In some fields, we are a competitor for Facebook or LinkedIn," he said. "We understand these markets in a very different way."
FEATURED ARTICLES

India warns Pakistan as tension escalates at LoC: Our forces will make cost of your adventurism unaffordableArun Jaitley said that India does not attack, but it has a responsibility to safeguard its territory and people.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 11:48 am | Updated: October 9, 2014 1:34 pm
Even as Pakistan continues to violate ceasefire along the Line of Control (LoC) and target civilian areas at the international border , India on Thursday issued a stern warning to the neighbouring country, saying its “adventurism” at the border will cost it dearly.
Addressing a press conference in the national capital, his first after having been discharged from the hospital, Union Defence Minister Arun Jaitley talked tough to Pakistan. He said, “If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable.”
Dismissing Pakistan’s allegations of aggression by India, the Defence Minister said, “India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor. But at the same time, it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory. Our Armed Forces particularly the Army and the BSF in this case have only one option – that is to respond adequately and defend our territory and our people.”
Praising the forces for doing a “commendable” job in the “face of these unprovoked acts of aggression by Pakistan” Jaitley said, “Pakistan in this case has clearly been the aggressor…but it must realise that our deterrence will be credible. If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable.”
The Defence Minister further ruled out any talks with Pakistan , saying there cannot be any talks between the two countries as long as the firing is on.
Jaitley said that the firing by Pakistan along LoC is connected to infiltration attempts by terrorists. According to the Defence Minister, the firing is done to provide cover to those trying to infiltrate into India. He said “Pakistan needs to stop what it is doing, if it wants peace along the LoC…the adventurism will cost them dearly”.
Jaitley added that “Pakistan should stop this unprovoked firing and shelling if it wants peace. As long as that continues, how can there be peace? How can you talk when firing is on?”
Responding to criticism by the opposition parties, Jaitley said that the responses from “some” political leaders are “ill informed”. “There is a need of communication that leaders across political parties must understand what our forces are doing there… I have seen some ill informed responses from some senior leaders…in this, it is not only Congress leaders but also NCP leader who has been a former defence minister– at least he should have known,” he said.
This came hours after at least eight people, including three BSF personnel, were injured as firing by Pakistan rangers spread all along the international border. As many as 60 Indian border outposts were also targeted by the Pakistani side.
Pakistan needs to stop what it is doing, if it wants peace along the Line of Control

RIL to complete Rs 20 000 cr investment in MP by March 2016RIL to complete Rs 20,000 crore investment in MP by March 2016
PTI     Indore   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 18:40 IST
Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani (Photo: Reuters)
Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani on Thursday said his group will complete Rs 20,000 crore investment programme in Madhya Pradesh by March 2016.
"We are in the midst of a major investment programme in Madhya Pradesh which ends in the next 18 months. We are investing cumulatively Rs 20,000 crore. We will then re-engage," he said while addressing the Global Investors' Summit in Indore.
Ambani also indicated that his group will invest similar amounts across sectors like energy and retail, after the present round of investments are completed.
"Our major investment is in coal bed methane which is bringing in energy with technology. We are also investing in retail business," the RIL chief said, adding that the group provides employment opportunities to a large number of people in the state.
He said that "after a long time" India is on a resurgent path to growth.
"For me Reliance is more than business, it stands for a commitment to India. We are dedicated to making India and also MP one of the most prosperous and developed areas in the world," said Ambani, the country's richest man .
On building a world class digital infrastructure, he said that 75 per cent work was done and it would be available by middle of 2015.
About 65 million people (of total 75 million in MP) will be connected and MP can look forward to being the digital capital of India, he added.
"To my mind digitalisation creates more jobs," he said adding, "development and progress has be inclusive it should pull together all sections of society".

CCI clears JSW Steel s acquisition of Welspun MaxsteelCCI clears JSW Steel's acquisition of Welspun Maxsteel
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 18:25 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Steel major JSW Steel's proposed over Rs 1,000 crore deal to acquire sponge iron maker Welspun Maxsteel has got the approval from the Competition Commission.
According to the fair trade regulator the proposed deal is "not likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India."
On August 18 this year, JSW Steel had entered into a 'Share Purchase Agreement' with Welspun Enterprises to acquire entire shareholding of Welspun Maxsteel. Welspun Maxsteel is promoted by Welspun Enterprises.
The deal involves acquisition of entire stake of Welspun Maxsteel from Welspun Enterprises, including the equity shares held through its affiliates.
In a recently released order, the Competition Commission of India (CCI) observed, among others, that sponge iron industry in India had the presence of large number of players and the market share of Welspun Maxsteel in production of sponge iron is "insignificant".
It also noted that "JSW Steel has purchased a limited quantity of sponge iron from Welspun Maxsteel mostly for captive consumption."
"However, the same constitutes an insignificant proportion of the overall purchase of sponge iron by JSW Steel in India," the fair trade regulator said.
Going by details in the order, JSW Steel makes steel products with facilities located at Vijayanagar (Karnataka), Salem (Tamil Nadu) and Dolvi (Maharashtra). It also produces sponge iron which is mainly used for captive consumption in its facility at Dolvi in Raigad district of Maharashtra.
Meanwhile, Welspun Maxsteel manufactures sponge iron at its production facility located in Raigad district of Maharashtra.
In a statement, JSW Steel had said that it would acquire the shareholding of Welspun Maxsteel held by Welspun Enterprises "for an enterprise value of Rs 1,000 crore plus net current assets."
Further, the steel major had said that Welspun Maxsteel was in close proximity to its Dolvi unit, offering complementary infrastructure and location to augment the current envisaged expansions.
The entities had approached the fair trade regulator for its approval on August 20.

Jayalalithaa moves Supreme Court for bail in corruption caseJayalalithaa was given a four-year prison term, along with three of her associates, in connection with a Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 12:16 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 1:17 pm
Jailed AIADMK chief and former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa moved the Supreme Court on Thursday for bail in the 18-year-old corruption case, in which she has been sentenced to four years’ imprisonment.
Behind bars for almost two weeks now, Jayalalithaa has also urged the court to suspend her sentence, while also pleading for relief on medical grounds. Appealing against the Karnataka High Court order dismissing her bail plea, she further asked for an urgent hearing citing medical reasons and because she is a senior citizen and a woman.
In her petition, she said she had not misused her powers as chief minister. She contended that the charges of amassing wealth against her during 1991-96, when she became the CM for the first time, were false and that she had acquired property through legal means.
ALSO READ:  J Jayalalithaa denied bail by HC, cites apex court rulings on graft 
Jayalalithaa also contended that the trial court had overlooked several judgments and not considered the binding nature of various income-tax orders and decisions of the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal, which had accepted the income and the level of expenditure pleaded by her.
The 66-year-old politician was denied bail by the HC on October 7 although the Special Public Prosecutor did not object to grant of conditional bail to her. The court had said that there “are no grounds” to give bail to Jayalalithaa since corruption amounts to “violation of human rights”.
 

Videocon launches Infinium Z40 Quad selfie phone at Rs 5 490Videocon Infinium Z40 Quad runs on a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor with 512MB RAM and Android 4.4 KitKat OS.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 6:11 pm
Videocon Mobile Phones Division has added another smartphone to its Infinium series called Z40 Quad at a price of Rs 5,490. Sporting a 4-inch WVGA IPS capacitive screen, the phone mounts a front 3.2 MP camera and a 5MP BSI auto focus rear camera.
The Infinium Z40 Quad runs on a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor with 512MB RAM, 4GB ROM and Android 4.4 KitKat operating system. On the connectivity front, it offers GPS/A-GPS, G/P/L Sensor, 3.75G and wireless display.
The smartphone is comes pre-installed Hungama music spplication which gives access to 100 free content download for 30 days, along with pre-installed Gameloft games like Spiderman and Bubble Bash 3. For security, the device is being offered with a pre-installed V-Secure application with 90 days free trial that helps in providing mobile security.

Delhi BJP ropes in prominent people for their Clean India CampaignPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 5:48 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 6:04 pm
Delhi BJP on Thursday roped in nine prominent persons, including wrestler Sushil Kumar, former AAP leader Shazia Ilmi and Delhi University VC Dinesh Singh, for participation in ‘ Clean India Campaign’ , a vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“We have to ensure that ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ doesn’t become just government’s programme, instead we have to make it a people’s movement and for this, we are talking to people from all walks of life, including political leaders, social workers, traders, spiritual leaders and others, for making it a success,” Union Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said while addressing a gathering in New Delhi.
“This isn’t an easy task, but I am fully confident that with the support of people of India, we will make it possible till October 2, 2019. Mahatma Gandhi had also said that sanitation is more important than political freedom and that was his slogan, so we should keep our house, neighbourhood, shop clean and it is our duty. If we succeed, this will then be the ultimate tribute to him.”
During the programme, Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay introduced nine prominent persons of Delhi – Olympian Sushil Kumar, DU VC Dinesh Singh, Padmashree Dr KK Agarwal, former AAP leader Shazia Illmi, Katthak artiste and Padma Bhushan Uma Sharma, DCM Group MD Vinay Bharat Ram, Indian Islamic Centre’s president Sirazuddin Qureshi, CAIT’s general secretary Praveen Khandelwal, DUSU’s president Mohit Nagar.
Naidu also said that government will be constructing crores of toilets across the country.
“We want to adopt a three-pronged approach with regard to this campaign – awareness among people, creation of infrastructure, toilets and sanitation facilities involving private sectors in a big way. People will have to participate in this campaign in large numbers”.
“This campaign should not be connected to politics. I hope all political parties will also join this programme because this is not a programme of one political party,” the Minister said.
He said that these prominent leaders should also invite nine other persons to join “Swachh Bharat Abhiyan”.
Without naming the AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal, Naidu said that “some person is telling people to send him photos of filth and dirt…it is good, but some pictures of good work should also be highlighted by the media”.
“Delhi is the Dil of India..We have to make it clean. I also appeal to media to publish positive reports of this campaign and also publish negative reports of dirt and filth following which it will pressurise officials, leaders to do their duties with honesty,” he added.
Apart from introducing nine persons, Upadhyay also said that he has nominated some other persons, who have assured full cooperation in this campaign.
Singer Shivani Kashyap, Harjinder Kaur FICCI (lady wing) and Jitender Tyagi, president of several RWAs are among those.
Speaking on this occassion, Shazia Ilmi said, “Cleaning is not just the continued…

RBI s new KYC norms ease rules for opening bank accountsDipak Mondal      Follow @dipdown80    Edition: October 2014
The Reserve Bank of India, it seems, has finally lent ear to millions of such prospective account holders.(Photo: Reuters)
Most of us have faced a problem in opening a bank account in the absence of valid know-your-customer, or KYC, documents, and wished for a simpler documentation process.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), it seems, has finally lent ear to millions of such prospective account holders. It has simplified the KYC documentation to make account opening less onerous.
SINGLE DOCUMENT FOR PROOF OF IDENTITY AND ADDRESS
Earlier, as part of the KYC process, one had to submit separate proofs for address and identity. The RBI has done away with this. Now, a single document with photograph and address of the applicant will suffice. Among the documents approved for KYC include passport, driving licence, voter ID card, PAN card, Aadhaar and job card.
NO SEPARATE PROOF FOR CURRENT ADDRESS
If you were new to a place and did not have a valid address proof, opening a bank account was nearly impossible. This problem has been taken care of. Now, customers have to furnish only one address proof (current or permanent) for opening a bank account. All that he is required to do is to make a simple declaration about his/her current address.
'SMALL ACCOUNTS' FOR THOSE WITH NO KYC DOCUMENT
This is probably the best piece of news for students who live away from home and migrant workers. They can now open a 'small account' instead of a full-service account.
A small account can be opened by self-attesting a photograph and giving thumb impression on the application in the presence of a bank employee. Small accounts, as the name suggests, will have restrictions in terms of loan (a maximum of Rs 1 lakh a year), withdrawals (not more than Rs 10,000 a month) and maximum balance (Rs 50,000 at any point of time).
These accounts will be operational only for a year. However, if the account holder provides proof that he/she has applied for a valid KYC document , the account can be extended for another 12 months.
RELAXATION FOR LOW-RISK CUSTOMERS
A person without valid KYC documents but categorised as 'low-risk' can open an account by submitting any of the following-identity card with applicant's photograph issued by a central/state government department, statutory/regulatory authority, public sector undertaking, scheduled commercial bank or public financial institution; or, a letter issued by a gazetted officer with an attested photograph.
Further, if low-risk customers are not able to submit the KYC documents due to genuine reasons, they can do so within six months from the date of opening the account.

Cyclonic storm  Hudhud  to hit coast on October 12Updated: October 8, 2014 18:13 IST
Cyclonic storm 'Hudhud' to hit coast on October 12
Satyasundar Barik
Tweet
Special Arrangement Latest satellite imagery of cyclone 'Hudhud’. Image courtesy: IMD
IMD The deep depression over north Andaman Sea and neighbourhood moved west-northwestward, intensified into a Cyclonic Storm ‘HUDHUD’ and lay centered at 0830 hrs IST of 8th October 2014 over north Andaman Sea.
TOPICS
cyclones
The storm, which lay centered about 1150 km southeast of Gopalpur, is expected to cross north Andhra Pradesh and adjoining Odisha coast between Visakhapatnam and Gopalpur.
The deep depression over north Andaman Sea has intensified into a cyclonic storm ‘Hudhud’ which is mostly likely to intensify into a very severe cyclonic storm.
“The cyclonic storm ‘Hudhud’ lay centered about 1150 km southeast of Gopalpur. It was crossing Andaman and Nicobar Islands close to Long Island. Thereafter, the system would continue to move west-northwestwards, intensify further into a severe cyclonic storm during the next 24 hours, subsequently into a very severe cyclonic storm,” said S. C. Sahu, Director of Bhubaneswar Meteorological Centre here on Wednesday.
The cyclonic storm would cross north Andhra Pradesh and adjoining Odisha coast between Visakhapatnam and Gopalpur by October 12.
“When it would hit the coast, the wind speed of cyclonic storm could be between 120 km per hour and 140 km per hour. As the system will come closer, we will be in a position to pin-point the exact location where landfall would occur,” said Dr. Sahu.
He said, “atmospheric conditions including sea surface temperature are favourable for the system to get intensified. At present, the speed of storm is between 10 km and 15 km per hour. Clouds formation has already begun around the system.”
“From October 11 evening, southern Odisha districts will start receiving rainfall. It will get heavier next on October 12. Interior pockets of the State would heavy rain around October 13,” predicted Bhubaneswar Met Centre director.
He further said, “catchment of rivers Rushikulya, Vansadhara and Lower Mahanadi would receive heavy rain. On the next day (October 13), upper catchment of Mahanadi, Brahamani and Budhabalanga would get heavy rainfall. It is apprehended that some places in Rushikulya and Vansadhara rivers would receive around 100 mm of rainfall.”
“Analysis of various models makes it clear that there are little chance of cyclonic system would veer from its present course,” Dr. Sahu said.
Last year, on October 12, a very severe cyclonic storm ‘Phailin’ had hit Odisha coast at Gopalpur causing extensive damage.

Here Are The Colleges Whose Students Have The Toughest Time Paying Back LoansOhio University has one of the highest student loan default rates among big public schools.
SHARE
Zach Wener-Fligner @zachwe
October 7, 2014
University students who take out loans are essentially betting that the education they’re financing with debt will help them get a decent job—and that the job, in turn, will help them repay the loan.
Defaulting on student loans, then, means something went terribly wrong.
Alas, such a turn of events is far from uncommon. Last month, the US Department of Education released its latest batch of data on student loan defaults . Broadly, the news was good. Overall default rates fell to 13.7% from 14.7% the prior year.
But the there’s plenty of variation under the top-line numbers. The schools with the highest rates mostly were for-profit colleges (which have such notoriously bad track records on this that they have attracted regulatory scrutiny in recent years ) and community colleges (where having to take out a student loan to pay for the relatively affordable tuition might be indicative of more serious financial straits.) Student loan default rates were also surprisingly high at a number of well-known, four-year institutions.
So should you be upset if your alma mater is on one of these lists? Not necessarily. It’s hard to know the complete story of why one school might have a higher rate than another because there are so many factors at play. Still, Moody’s analysts recently noted that default rates are correlated with factors such as high student retention and graduation rates, which are, in turn, associated with student ability to repay loans. Moody’s analysts also note that schools with greater financial resources have greater capacity to support students through both financial aid and student services.
Here are the big public schools with the highest three-year default rates. This list is limited to schools that had at least 5,000 students go into repayment mode in fiscal 2011—mostly schools on the large side.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Here are the four-year, non-profit private schools with the highest rates, limited to schools that had 3,000 or more people due to begin repayments in 2011.
Share
Tap image to zoom
For comparison, here’s the Ivy League. Things are looking pretty good. All eight universities fell well below the average default rate of 7% for four-year, non-profit private schools.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The data here represent the 2011 three-year default rates for all accredited American colleges. That number measures, by school, the percentage of federal student loans that were supposed to get repaid beginning in fiscal 2011 but went into default—meaning the debtor went 270 days without payment—some time in the next three years. This number doesn’t capture those who are teetering on the verge of default or who have entered deference or forbearance programs, which let debtors temporarily halt payments without defaulting. It also doesn’t account for the fact that some schools attract more low-income students who are vulnerable to default, or the fact that some schools just happen to be in economically depressed areas.
Share this:

Gap plunges after CEO announces departureGap slumps after CEO announces resignation
By: Gary Strauss October 8, 2014 4:10 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Gap GPS   tumbled 8% to $38.75 in after hours trading Wednesday following word that CEO Glenn Murphy will retire in early 2015.
The San Franciso-based company, which operates the Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy chains, said Murphy will be replaced Feb. 1 by Art Peck, who heads the chain’s digital operations and had served previously as the company’s North American President, executive vice president for strategy and operations and head of Gap outlet stores. Peck, 59, joined Gap in 2005.
Murphy, 53, has been CEO since August 2007. Under his watch, Gap eventually reversed four consecutive years of same-store sales drops to post gains in three of the past four fiscal years, while Gap shares are up more than 100%.
For its latest quarter ended Aug. 2, sales rose 2.9% to $3.98 billion and net income rose 9.6% to $332 million.  But Gap said Wednesday that September sales were up just 1% to $1.46 billion over September 2013 and warned that third quarter profit margins would fall
below year-ago levels due to an 8% rise in operating expenses and sluggish Gap store sales. Murphy said September proved “more challenging than we expected.”
Glenn Murphy
Murphy has been among the retail sector’s best-paid executives, pulling in an average compensation package valued at $15.4 million.  Last year, Murphy’s pay  was valued at $18.7 million. He gained another $62.7 million exercising stock options and from vested shares.
Murphy told Gap directors of his plans to retire on Oct. 2, saying he couldn’t make a long-term commitment to the company.
Director Bob Fisher, whose parents, Doris Fisher and the late Donald Fisher  founded Gap in 1969, will assume Murphy’s role as board chairman, his second stint in the role.  Fisher, 60, served as board chair from 2004 to 2007.
Follow stocks on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

COSTCO-BENEFITS ANALYSISreddit
Unlike Walmart, Costco has no plans to trim health-care benefits for workers any time soon, according to one top executive.
Richard Galanti, the company’s chief financial officer, affirmed the wholesale club’s commitment to providing health coverage for employees during Wednesday’s earnings call .
While acknowledging that health-care costs in the U.S. have been rising in recent years, Galanti also said the company isn't going to make workers suffer as a result: "We haven't and aren't going to make major changes like cutting a bunch of people out of” health coverage.
“That's an expensive cost to us, and we're proud of the ability to be able to do that," he added.
In contrast, rival Walmart on Tuesday announced that it would eliminate health benefits for part-time employees working less than an average of 30 hours a week -- or about 30,000 workers. Walmart followed several other companies, including Target and Trader Joe’s , who cut benefits for part-time workers months ago, noting that the workers could now get affordable plans under Obamacare.
Costco is widely praised for the way it treats its workers, and the decision to keep health benefits will likely solidify that reputation. The company provides health coverage for employees working an average of at least 23 hours a week or more and pays better than many competitors. Executives argue this policy of keeping employees well-paid and happy drives growth not only at its warehouse clubs, but in the economy more broadly.
Costco's CEO came out in favor of raising the federal minimum wage above $10 an hour last year. President Obama visited the home of Costco’s former CEO earlier this year, and Democrats have highlighted the company as an example of how to make money while still paying decently.
On Wednesday, Costco reported that sales at stores open more than a year, an important retail metric, grew 6 percent in the U.S. By contrast, Walmart’s warehouse chain, Sam’s Club, saw flat same-store sales in its latest quarter.
In recent earnings statements, Walmart said rising health costs were becoming a major problem. The Associated Press noted Tuesday the number of Walmart employees and family members who signed up for company-sponsored health coverage after the rollout of Obamacare exceeded expectations.  Still, company representatives repeatedly described the move to eliminate health benefits for some part-time workers as a “tough decision.”
Though some Walmart employees have voiced their displeasure with the policy, it’s possible many of them could wind up with cheaper and more comprehensive coverage without employer-sponsored care. Many part-time workers make so little money that they qualify for government subsidies on Obamacare’s exchanges. But if the workers get an insurance offer from an employer, they’re blocked from qualifying for the subsidies.
More:

Unlike Walmart  Wholesale Club Has No Plans To Cut Employee Health Benefitsreddit
Unlike Walmart, Costco has no plans to trim health-care benefits for workers any time soon, according to one top executive.
Richard Galanti, the company’s chief financial officer, affirmed the wholesale club’s commitment to providing health coverage for employees during Wednesday’s earnings call .
While acknowledging that health-care costs in the U.S. have been rising in recent years, Galanti also said the company isn't going to make workers suffer as a result: "We haven't and aren't going to make major changes like cutting a bunch of people out of” health coverage.
“That's an expensive cost to us, and we're proud of the ability to be able to do that," he added.
In contrast, rival Walmart on Tuesday announced that it would eliminate health benefits for part-time employees working less than an average of 30 hours a week -- or about 30,000 workers. Walmart followed several other companies, including Target and Trader Joe’s , who cut benefits for part-time workers months ago, noting that the workers could now get affordable plans under Obamacare.
Costco is widely praised for the way it treats its workers, and the decision to keep health benefits will likely solidify that reputation. The company provides health coverage for employees working an average of at least 23 hours a week or more and pays better than many competitors. Executives argue this policy of keeping employees well-paid and happy drives growth not only at its warehouse clubs, but in the economy more broadly.
Costco's CEO came out in favor of raising the federal minimum wage above $10 an hour last year. President Obama visited the home of Costco’s former CEO earlier this year, and Democrats have highlighted the company as an example of how to make money while still paying decently.
On Wednesday, Costco reported that sales at stores open more than a year, an important retail metric, grew 6 percent in the U.S. By contrast, Walmart’s warehouse chain, Sam’s Club, saw flat same-store sales in its latest quarter.
In recent earnings statements, Walmart said rising health costs were becoming a major problem. The Associated Press noted Tuesday the number of Walmart employees and family members who signed up for company-sponsored health coverage after the rollout of Obamacare exceeded expectations.  Still, company representatives repeatedly described the move to eliminate health benefits for some part-time workers as a “tough decision.”
Though some Walmart employees have voiced their displeasure with the policy, it’s possible many of them could wind up with cheaper and more comprehensive coverage without employer-sponsored care. Many part-time workers make so little money that they qualify for government subsidies on Obamacare’s exchanges. But if the workers get an insurance offer from an employer, they’re blocked from qualifying for the subsidies.
More:

Tony Gutierrez / AP  filetony gutierrez / ap  file
What has GM done to changeMost stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

Polaris Slumps 19% as the Stock Goes Ex-Demerger TodayGold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Shares in Polaris Financial Technology slumped over 19 per cent to Rs 200 on Thursday as the stock goes ex-demerger today.
The Chennai-based software solutions firm had earlier announced the demerger of its products business into a separate entity called Intellect Design Arena and the scheme of arrangements had already been sanctioned by the Madras high court.
At that time, the company had said the demerger was a part of its growth strategy that was put in place after it had restructured itself into two main divisions-services and products-in May 2012.
Under the scheme of demerger shareholders of Polaris will be allotted one share of the resulting company Intellect Design Arena for every one share held in Polaris Financial Technology.
Those shareholders, whose name is recorded in the register of member and records of the depository (NSDL/CDSL) as member of the Polaris Financial Technology as on October 10, will be allotted 1 new equity share in Intellect Design Arena for every one equity share held in Polaris.
Polaris shares are witnessing selling pressure as existing shareholders are already entitled for shares of Intellect Design Arena even if they sell their shares today.
Shares of Polaris had hit a one-year high of Rs 278.20 on September 23.
As of 10.46 a.m. shares in Polaris Financial Technology traded 15 per cent lower at Rs 210 a piece outperforming the Nifty which was up 1.13 per cent.
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 10:54 (IST)

Muthoot Finance Launches Housing Loan Down Payment ProductYou are here: Home Corporates
Muthoot Finance Launches Housing Loan Down Payment Product
Agencies | Updated On: October 09, 2014 11:48 (IST)
Kotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Muthoot Finance has launched a new scheme to finance margin money needed to avail of home loans. As per norms, a home loan borrower has to contribute 20 per cent margin money (equity) to avail a housing loan for up to 80 per cent of the property's value.
Many prospective home buyers fail to get a housing loan because they do not have margin money that runs into several lakhs.
The new product will cater to home loan seekers, who have difficulty in paying the margin money upfront, the company's AGM (marketing) Avinav Chaubey said.
The product, designed for the down payment of a new property or renovation or extension of an existing property, will have a repayment period of five years. No property or income documents are required, he added.
The rates under the new scheme are cheaper as compared to personal loans, Muthoot Finance said. Under the plan, customers can avail a loan of Rs 1 lakh to Rs 10 lakh at an interest rate of 11 per cent interest rate for a period of 12 to 60 months.
Muthoot has also launched a new consumer loan scheme to offer convenient credit options to customers for buying consumer durables. The EMI-based loan service can be cleared within 36 months, the company said. The scheme does not include any 'Negative Area' concept - a ground used by many lenders to reject loan applications.
Muthoot will provide instant finance, up to 100 per cent of the product value, without the need of CIBIL score or credit card. There are no processing charges and an exclusive zero down payment facility is offered to all customers, the company said.
(With inputs from PTI)

BHEL Surges 5% After Bagging Big OrderYou are here: Home Market
BHEL Surges 5% After Bagging Big Order
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 13:14 (IST)
Shares in Bharat Heavy Electricals surged nearly 5 per cent to Rs 212 on Thursday.
The company said it has won a Rs 7,800 crore contract for a power project.
Dealers say the contract value is almost 7-8 per cent of its outstanding order book.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Cummins India shares gain; Deutsche Bank Upgrades to  BuyGold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Shares in Cummins India gained nearly 3 per cent to Rs 670 on Thursday.
Deutsche Bank upgrades the stock to "buy" from "hold." and calls Cummins its top pick in the industrials manufacturing sector.
Deutsche Bank says the stock could double in about three years, citing several reasons, including investment demand and attractive share price levels.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Royal Mail settles with French regulatorRoyal Mail settles with French competition authority
By Lindsay Whipp
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c548728c-4f81-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The renaissance of India microfinanceStrong demand fuels renaissance of India microfinance
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2dc805be-4ea8-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Infosys Founders Farewell: No Moments of Regret  Says MurthyKotak Expects Major Global Cooperation Boost from ING Deal
Infosys founder Narayana Murthy on Wednesday said he had no moments of regret, looking back at his journey at India's second largest IT services company. The IT bellwether on Wednesday held a farewell for its founders with the last its serving co-founders Kris Gopalakrishnan retiring.
Six of the seven Infosys founders were present at the IT giant's farewell for the men who started the company back in 1981.
Ashok Arora, who was in Chicago, was the only co-founder absent at the event. The rest of the founders - NR Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, SD Shibulal, Kris Gopalakrishnan, KR Raghavan and K Dinesh - were in attendance at the Infosys send-off.
Being the first Indian company to be listed on US stock exchange Nasdaq was a high point for Infosys, Mr Murthy reminisced at the press briefing.
Kris Gopalakrishnan, on his plans post-retirement, said he would like to get into the field of research and education.
As a parting shot, Mr Gopalakrishnan said Infosys is lucky to have current CEO Vishal Sikka at the helm of affairs and said the transition of him taking of the company has been smooth.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 18:54 (IST)

Have you sent your name to MarsHave you sent your name to Mars?
IANS
New York, October 09, 2014
First Published: 14:40 IST(9/10/2014)
Would you like to imprint your name on the surface of the Red Planet? NASA is giving you a chance to send your name to Mars via its Orion spacecraft, scheduled for a test flight December 4.
Nearly 95,000 people have already submitted their names.
To sign up, visit NASA's website on Orion's Mars visit, fill out some basic information and submit.
The site will then generate a digital 'boarding pass'.
You will get the message: 'Success! Your name will fly on Orion's flight test'.
All the collected names will be included on a microchip.
The deadline for sending your name aboard the Orion test flight is October 31.
"NASA is pushing the boundaries of exploration and working hard to send people to Mars in the future. Flying these names will enable people to be part of our journey in the future," Mark Geyer, Orion programme manager, was quoted as saying in a CNET report.
The first Orion test trip is set for a 4.5 hour mission in orbit around Earth.
It will then take a flying leap back through the atmosphere and land in the Pacific Ocean.

Sensex Sees Biggest One-Day Gain in 3 Weeks  Rises 390 PointsYou are here: Home Market
Rupee, Gold, Stocks Climb on Fed Minutes
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
One night can make a sea change of difference to the world of finance. On Wednesday, the Sensex fell for the third straight day to its lowest closing in nearly two months. The Nifty breached its crucial support of 7,840 in intraday trade and bears were hoping to make a comeback. The rupee was struggling around 61.50 per dollar, the lower end of its 58-62 range.
However, the Federal Reserve's minutes of its September 16-17 meeting, released overnight, seem to have completely changed the sentiments across the globe. The Dow Jones in the US witnessed its best day of the year as expectations of an early hike in US interest rates eased. The dollar lost traction leading to a global rally in risk assets and currencies. ( Read the full story here )
Here's your 10-point cheat-sheet to understand the latest developments,
1) The US Fed wants to hike interest rates, starting next year, because its domestic economy is improving. Wednesday's minutes, however, indicate that policymakers in the US are worried about the threats that a rising dollar and slowing global economy pose.
2) A rising dollar threatens Fed's 2 per cent inflation target for the US economy. That's because a strong currency is good for imports and hurts exports, thereby impacting the productivity of the domestic economy. It will also contribute to the US' current account deficit. The Fed is targeting higher inflation in the US to ensure higher prices and wages, which are signs of a robust economy.
3) A tightening of rates in the US will also adversely impact the global economy as funds will flow out from many countries into the US. This could exacerbate slowdown in Europe, Japan and China - economies that are vital for US exports.
4) The first impact of US Fed Minutes was felt on bonds. Bond prices rallied because they move opposite to rates. As a result, yields on the benchmark 10-year note fell to its lowest in more than a year.
5) The US dollar, which had gained sharply over the last three months on hopes of higher interest rates in the US, slipped to a two-week low against a basket of currencies. This was welcome news for other currencies like the euro and the India rupee, which closely tracks the euro.
6) The rupee hit over two-week high of 60.91 per dollar in intraday trade. The Japanese yen and most other emerging market currencies traded higher against the dollar. ( Read )
7) The weakness in dollar lifted commodity prices across the globe. Commodities are priced in dollars, so when the dollar falls, less of domestic currency is needed to buy the same commodity. This leads to higher demand and consequently lifts commodity prices. ( Read more )
8) US gold futures jumped over 1 per cent to $1,224.30 - also close to a two-week peak, while silver futures rose nearly 2 per cent. Prices of most actively traded December contract in gold rose Rs 170 per 10 gram in India.
9) Brent crude futures also rebounded from a 27-month low hit in the previous session and held steady above $91 a barrel on Thursday.
10) Finally, stock prices surged. The Sensex jumped as much as 440 points (over 1.5 per cent) and the Nifty ended at 7,960 after rising 118 points as fears of overseas investments (FIIs) moving out of country receded. ( Read )
(With inputs from Reuters)

Facebook s Zuckerberg arrives in India  to meet Modi on connecting villagesFacebook's Zuckerberg arrives in India, to meet Modi on connecting villages
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 09, 2014 03:26 PM IST
Seeing exponential growth potential for Facebook in India, its co-founder Mark Zuckerberg today said he will discuss with Prime Minister Narendra Modi ways to connect villages with the digital world.
The CEO of the California-headquartered firm, who is on his first visit to India, said he is excited to help the government in its ambitious Digital India programme.
"India is an amazing country with unlimited potential. It is a place of big ambitions and Facebook is deeply committed to the country. We see lot of growth for us here. Tomorrow I'm meeting the Prime Minister. He is committed to connecting villages online and we are excited to see how Facebook can help," Zuckerberg said here.
India has about 243 million Internet users and have 100 million plus Facebook users, but there are over a billion people in the country who do not have access to the net, he added.
He is the third high profile CEO of a US-based firm, after Amazon's Jeff Bezos and Micrsoft's Satya Nadella, to visit India in last few days.
Zuckerberg announced that Facebook is creating a USD 1 million fund to help developers develop apps for farmers, migrants and women. This will be a contest to drive new apps and services in local languages.
"Since 2007, Facebook has been working on new apps and services in local languages. About 65 per cent use Facebook in a language other than English, including 10 Indian languages," he added.
On barriers in Internet penetration, he said: "There are three major barriers to connectivity network, affordability and content.
Zuckerberg's first India visit

Reliance Group to invest Rs 60 000 crore in MPReliance Group to invest Rs 60,000 crore in MP
PTI     Indore   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 17:05 IST
Reliance Group Chairman Anil Ambani (Photo: Reuters)
Reliance Group will invest Rs 60,000 crore in power, coal, cement and telecom businesses in Madhya Pradesh by 2020, its Chairman Anil Ambani said on Thursday.
Speaking at the state government's mega investor conference in Indore, he said Reliance Group has, over the past 5 years, invested in four key areas of coal, power, cement and telecom.
"The Group's total investment exceeds over Rs 30,000 crore in these 4 key areas in the state making Reliance Group by far the largest investor in the state," he said.
On Prime Minister's call for "Make in India", he said, "We are not only going to 'Make in India' but 'Make in Madhya Pradesh'."
"We are committing ourselves to double our investment in the state from current Rs 30,000 crore to Rs 60,000 crore by 2020 in our 4 key growth areas i.e. coal, power, cement and telecom .
"We commit ourselves to partner the state of Madhya Pradesh to become leading industrial state in the country," he said.
Our current operations employ over 25,000 people in the state.
We have an extensive social responsibility programme for the people of Madhya Pradesh, covering education, health, animal husbandry and many such other initiatives.
Over the past 10 years, the state of Madhya Pradesh has transformed and progressed to new heights under the dynamic leadership of Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Ambani said.
"Chouhan is a third-time CM and the youngest Chief Minister in India. My personal congratulations to you for your visionary leadership in creating a record in the regional assembly," he added.

Media censorship in Turkey‘Lung-washing’ tourism rises in China
What we’re writing about
Afghanistan Barack Obama China Chinese economy climate change ebola ECB EU Euro European Central Bank eurozone eurozone crisis G20 Germany India inflation investment Iraq Isis Mario Draghi markets Media Pakistan Russia Scotland Syria Uighurs UK Ukraine US US Congress US economy US Federal Reserve US midterm elections 2014 US politics world health organisation
Categories

BJP advises TMC to agree to NIA probe into Burdwan blastHasan Molla, one of the accused in Burdwan blast, at CID headquarters in Kolkata on Tuesday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Press Trust of India | Burdwan | Posted: October 9, 2014 5:41 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 6:00 pm
BJP on Thursday advised the Trinamool Congress (TMC) government of West Bengal to agree to an investigation into the Khagragarh blast episode of October 2 by the National Investigation Agency (NIA).
Addressing a public meeting in Burdwan town, BJP state president Rahul Sinha claimed that TMC did not want an NIA probe as its links with the terrorists would be exposed.
However, he did not elaborate on the alleged terrorist links but said the state government should not try to cover up the incident by continuing with a CID investigation.
Instead, it should agree to the NIA probe as it is a case of war against the state, Sinha said.
He said it would be bad for the state’s image if the Centre impose an NIA probe by force as per provisions of the National Investigation Agency Act, 2008.
“The NIA probe will happen, either today or tomorrow,” the BJP state party president said.
Two suspected terrorists were killed and an another sustained injuries in an explosion at a house in Khagragarh in Burdwan town from where grenades, rocket launchers, bomb making equipment and ‘jihadi’ documents were found on October two.
The CID has said they were associated with Jamat-ul-Mujahideen of Bangladesh and other militant organisations.

India s OMO bond sale only a cash draining ...Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank of India's surprise open market sale of government bonds is intended to drain cash from the banking system and is not an attempt to push up yields, said two policy makers aware of the thinking behind the central bank's measure.
The RBI had spooked bond investors after saying late on Wednesday it would sell 100 billion rupees ($1.64 billion) bonds via an open market operation.
The timing of the OMO sale announcement had fuelled speculation the RBI was trying to cool bond prices after 10-year bonds had rallied for three straight days, sending yields to their lowest in more than a year on Wednesday.
Lower bond yields could undermine the RBI's high interest rate policy.
"The OMO sale is being done to address structural liquidity problems," said one official aware of the central bank's thinking.
"RBI won't use OMO for yield management," the official added.
The official added the sale was intended to address the increase in deposit growth but low credit growth, which was creating surplus liquidity in the banking system.
The officials declined to be identified because they were not authorised to talk to media.
The 10-year benchmark bond yield had surged as much as 7 basis points to 8.48 percent on Thursday, or its largest intraday rise in two months.
The last time the RBI sold bonds through OMOs was in July 2013.

Sarah Silverman is tired of the  vagina taxSarah Silverman is tired of the 'vagina tax'
By Jillian Eugenios   @jillianeugenios October 9, 2014: 12:51 PM ET
Sarah Silverman takes on the wage gap in a new video.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Women are being cheated out of trillions of dollars over the course of their careers, and comedian Sarah Silverman thinks it's time society paid up.
In a NSFW video for the Equal Payback Project released Wednesday, Silverman waves around a prosthetic penis and announces she's crowdfunding the amount owed to women due to the wage gap -- a staggering $29,811,746,430,000.
She got that number by multiplying the 69 million working American women by the nearly $500,000 typically lost over the course of a woman's career because of the wage gap. Silverman calls that half a million the "vagina tax."
"If we hit our goal, every woman in America will get a check for the amount they're owed," Silverman says in the video. If the goal isn't met, any funds will be donated to the National Women's Law Center, an organization that works to promote gender equality through legislation and education.
Daughters earn more than their moms did -- but not their dads
"They're very good at what they do," she said. "You know, for a bunch of girls."
Women make nearly $11,000 less each year than men, according to the U.S. Census Bureau's latest report on income and poverty. That translates to women making 78 cents to every dollar made by men. For the last several years it has been 77 cents on the dollar, making this year's figures a tiny improvement.
But Silverman doesn't want to wait forever for the disparity to end. In the video, she says that due to the wage gap she's "becoming a dude."
"In the grand scheme of things it's way less expensive than the money I'll lose having a [vagina]," she proclaims.
She may be right, but in all fairness, an operation like that would actually put her into the category of a transgender person, a group that experiences prejudices both in the workforce and in employment.
First Published: October 9, 2014: 7:10 AM ET
Most Popular

Migrants avoided banks and debt crisisChina’s migrants thrive in Spain’s financial crisis
By Tobias Buck in Madrid
Entrepreneurs rely on family support to scale the economic ladder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8d02554-3e93-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Adani Group promises Rs 20K-cr investments i...Adani Group promises Rs 20,000 crore investments in MP
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 05.41PM IST
Tags:
Adani Group
(Adani Group-led by billionaire Gautam Adani today…)
INDORE: Adani Group-led by billionaire Gautam Adani today pledged to invest Rs 20,000 crore in Madhya Pradesh during the next five years in various projects.
Speaking at the Global Investors' Summit, he said Adani group's association with Madhya Pradesh dates backs to early 1990s. The Group is also partnering the state government in creating agri infrastructure facility for storage of 3.5 lakh grains.
In field of power generation, the group is shortly commencing the construction of 2X660 MW at Chindwara and also an MoU will be signed soon for faster evacuation of cargo from Hazira and Mundra ports.
"These, as well as other projects under evaluation, will see Adani Group investing a total of Rs 20,000 crore in Madhya Pradesh over next five years," Adani said.
While praising Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and Prime Minister Narendra Modi , Adani said "after years of reading all the negative news and total policy paralysis, the situation is changing and we see optimism all around us".
Adani, however, said due attention needs to be given to the state's industrial growth. "I am sure the Chief Minister is aware of this and the global investors summit would help in correcting the aberration," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple Inc delays production of larger iPad: ...Apple delays production of larger iPad: Reports
By Reuters | 9 Oct, 2014, 05.15PM IST
0
Share More
Suppliers had planned to start producing larger screen tablet in mass volume beginning in December, but have been struggling to produce enough new iPhone.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Apple Inc suppliers have delayed the production of a larger iPad to early next year, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter.
The suppliers had planned to start producing the larger screen tablet in mass volume beginning in December, but have been struggling to produce enough new iPhones to keep up with demand, the WSJ said.
Foxconn Technology Co Ltd, which assembles iPhones and iPads, has 200,000 workers in China already putting together new iPhones and making items such as metal casings, the Journal said. Apple is expected to launch the new iPads at an event on Oct. 16.
Asian suppliers expect Apple's larger tablet to have a 12.9-inch liquid-crystal-display screen with a resolution similar to the iPad Air launched in October last year, the WSJ said. Data research firm IDC said in August that it expected tablet sales to slow globally in 2014.
Apple was not immediately available for comment. The company said it sold more than 10 million of its new iPhones in the first weekend they were available in September.

Jayalalithaa moves Supreme Court for bail in corruptioncaseJayalalithaa was given a four-year prison term, along with three of her associates, in connection with a Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 12:16 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 1:17 pm
Jailed AIADMK chief and former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa moved the Supreme Court on Thursday for bail in the 18-year-old corruption case, in which she has been sentenced to four years’ imprisonment.
Behind bars for almost two weeks now, Jayalalithaa has also urged the court to suspend her sentence, while also pleading for relief on medical grounds. Appealing against the Karnataka High Court order dismissing her bail plea, she further asked for an urgent hearing citing medical reasons and because she is a senior citizen and a woman.
In her petition, she said she had not misused her powers as chief minister. She contended that the charges of amassing wealth against her during 1991-96, when she became the CM for the first time, were false and that she had acquired property through legal means.
ALSO READ:  J Jayalalithaa denied bail by HC, cites apex court rulings on graft 
Jayalalithaa also contended that the trial court had overlooked several judgments and not considered the binding nature of various income-tax orders and decisions of the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal, which had accepted the income and the level of expenditure pleaded by her.
The 66-year-old politician was denied bail by the HC on October 7 although the Special Public Prosecutor did not object to grant of conditional bail to her. The court had said that there “are no grounds” to give bail to Jayalalithaa since corruption amounts to “violation of human rights”.
 

Videocon launches Infinium Z40 Quad selfie phone at Rs5 490Videocon Infinium Z40 Quad runs on a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor with 512MB RAM and Android 4.4 KitKat OS.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 6:11 pm
Videocon Mobile Phones Division has added another smartphone to its Infinium series called Z40 Quad at a price of Rs 5,490. Sporting a 4-inch WVGA IPS capacitive screen, the phone mounts a front 3.2 MP camera and a 5MP BSI auto focus rear camera.
The Infinium Z40 Quad runs on a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor with 512MB RAM, 4GB ROM and Android 4.4 KitKat operating system. On the connectivity front, it offers GPS/A-GPS, G/P/L Sensor, 3.75G and wireless display.
The smartphone is comes pre-installed Hungama music spplication which gives access to 100 free content download for 30 days, along with pre-installed Gameloft games like Spiderman and Bubble Bash 3. For security, the device is being offered with a pre-installed V-Secure application with 90 days free trial that helps in providing mobile security.

Residents of 113 border hamlets flee fearing PakistanfiringVillagers sit in a tractor as they flee their homes fearing firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Chilyari village of Samba sector in Jammu and Kashmir. (Source: AP photo)
Press Trust of India | Kanachak | Posted: October 9, 2014 6:07 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 6:26 pm
Leaving behind blood-stained beds, dismantled roof-tops and windows punctured by bullets, residents of border villages say that they were like sitting ducks for target practice of Pakistan’s troops as they marched to safer places.
“We have become sitting ducks for target practice of Pakistan’s troops. Our men have been injured in the firing and shelling and two among us have been killed,” Bagh Ali of Jorha Farm said.
Ali and 300 residents of Jorha Farm hamlet close to International Border have fled their homes fearing more firing from Pakistan’s troops.
Nearly 30,000 people have been displaced from 113 border  villages along the 192-km long International Border following one of the worst violations of the 2003 ceasefire by Pakistan which has left eight people dead and 80 others, including nine security men, injured since October 1.
“Fear of death due to Pakistan shelling has forced us to leave our home and hearths and take shelter in camps here. Our houses have been dismantled by shelling,” 47-year-old Suchet Singh of Kaku-Da Kothay told PTI.
Panicked villagers said they were fed up with the seemingly endless cycle of violence. (Source: AP photo)
“I found a new life. I narrowly escaped each time the mortar bombs rained over our house. Our rooftop was torn down and walls were pockmarked by bullets. I thanked God for saving my life and left next morning,” Mahasha Kote dweller Raghu recounted stories of worst spasm of terror in the tense region.
As per the district officials, border people from 113 hamlets located close to the IB in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts have migrated and taken refugee either at shelter camps or with their relatives.
“Over 50 border hamlets and Arnia town along IB in Jammu district are almost completely deserted,” District Magistrate Jammu, Ajeet Kumar Sahu told PTI.
People from over 20 border hamlets along IB in Samba have shifted to safer places, District Magistrate of Samba, Mubarak Singh said.
According to District Magistrate of Kathua, Shahid Iqbal, people from 43 border villages have been shifted to safe shelters in the view of heavy shelling on the IB in Hiranagar sector.
J&K Government has set up 24 camps for people evacuating areas affected by the firing and shelling, Divisional Commissioner Jammu, Shantu Manu said.
“Crisis management groups have been activated in the area on the borderline from Poonch to Kathua district,” IGP Jammu Rajesh Kumar said.

Cheap gas and climate rules batter coalCheap natural gas and emission rules darken future of US coal
By Ed Crooks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ebef9f6-4f6f-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/ZtZgadFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Which carrier has the best iPhone 6 plan?
If you want to upgrade to the new iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus, you have several different options. Between Verizon, AT&T, and Sprint among others, money expert Matt Granite breaks down your options.
Post to Facebook
Which carrier has the best iPhone 6 plan? If you want to upgrade to the new iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus, you have several different options. Between Verizon, AT&T, and Sprint among others, money expert Matt Granite breaks down your options. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xsZv0L
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Which carrier has the best iPhone 6 plan?
If you want to upgrade to the new iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus, you have several different options. Between Verizon, AT&T, and Sprint among others, money expert Matt Granite breaks down your options. VPC
Lauren Ready , USA TODAY 5:01 p.m. EDT October 9, 2014
A man holds the new iPhone models in Munich.
(Photo: Peter Kneffel, AFP/Getty Images)
282 CONNECT 51 TWEET 25 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
If all your friends have the new iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus and you don't, you may be trying to figure out how to get one.
Your tech (old and new)
With all of the TV commercials touting "unlimited" this and "free" that, it's hard to know which company is offering the best deal for you. Money expert Matt Granite explains his favorite iPhone 6 phone plans from three of the top phone carrier companies. Watch the video above to see which deal is right for you.
Want more deals? Follow @MattGranite on Twitter.
Matt Granite is a consumer reporter with Gannett's WKYC station in Cleveland. His videos offer tips to consumers on how to save money.
We do not get any financial compensation for mentioning any of these deals or companies. The only purpose of this segment is to save you money.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xsZv0L
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

Rupee Ends at 61.04  Sees Biggest 1-Day Gain in 2 MonthsGold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
The rupee posted its biggest single-day gain in nearly two months on Thursday, after hitting the highest level in more than two weeks after the US Federal Reserve's September policy meeting minutes suggested it was in no hurry to raise interest rates.
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.04/05 per dollar compared with 61.3950/4050 on Thursday. The rupee touched 60.9025 earlier, its strongest level since Sept. 23.
The dollar fell to a three-week low against the yen, as investors cut favourable bets after minutes of the Federal Reserve's last meeting prompted many to push out expectations for the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
The index of the dollar against six major currencies was down 0.22 percent with most Asian currencies also rallying against the greenback.
"The dollar took quite a beating and we saw domestic equities rally, both together helped the rupee gain," said Naveen Raghuvanshi, a foreign exchange dealer with DCB Bank.
"We could see the pair touch 60.80 going by technicals but there is good state-run bank buying around 61 levels. Broadly the near-term range is likely to be 60.80 to 61.40/45," he added.
Traders are now awaiting retail and wholesale inflation data and factory output data due to be released next week for domestic cues.
The rupee gained for a fourth straight day, rising 0.6 percent, its biggest single-day gain since Aug. 14.
Gains in the domestic share market also helped with good dollar selling seen by custodian banks.
The BSE Sensex rose 1.5 percent, snapping a three-day losing streak, as hopes the Federal Reserve would not rush into raising U.S. interest rates boosted heavyweight banks and blue chips such as Bharat heavy Electricals Ltd.
Traders will continue to monitor shares for clues on the direction of foreign fund flows. Foreign funds have bought a net $13.95 billion in equities and $20 billion in debt so far in 2014.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.35 while the three-month was at 61.95.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Gold Ends Steady at Rs 27 400 in Thin TradeYou are here: Home Industries
Gold Ends Steady at Rs 27,400 in Thin Trade
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 09, 2014 15:57 (IST)
DDA Housing Scheme: Draw to be Held on Tuesday
New Delhi: After rising for three straight sessions, gold remained steady at Rs 27,400 per 10 grams in the national capital on Thursday on the back of restricted buying by jewellers and retailers even as the metal strengthened in global markets.
Silver too ended flat at Rs 39,000 per kg on some buying support from coin makers ahead of Diwali.
Traders said restricted buying from jewellers and retailers mainly kept precious metals at previous levels.
Globally, gold added 0.5 per cent to $1,227.16 an ounce - the highest level since September 26 in Singapore.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity ruled steady at Rs 27,400 and Rs 27,200 per 10 grams, respectively, while sovereign enquired at previous level of Rs 24,200 per piece of 8 grams.
Silver ready also closed steady at Rs 39,000 per kg while weekly-based delivery rose by Rs 355 to Rs 38,810 per kg on buying support from speculators.
In line with overall trends, silver coins continued to be traded at Rs 68,000 for buying and Rs 69,000 for selling of 100 pieces in limited deals.
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 15:55 (IST)

Need to move away from aggressive tax planning & assessmentOct 09, 2014 at  05:23pm IST
'Need to move away from aggressive tax planning & assessment'
4
0
New Delhi: There is a need to move away from aggressive tax planning and such tax assessment undertaken in certain situations and find a resolution to this issue, Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das said on Thursday.
"I think, we should move away from this whole business of aggressive tax planning vis-a-vis aggressive assessment. The problem lies in both. "There are aggressive tax plannings being undertaken by companies in certain situation.
There is aggressive assessment also being done in certain situation. We need to work together and find resolution of this issue," Das said at an event. He said that the whole perception of the department being aggressive is centred around 7-8 cases which are in various courts.
"There are aggressive tax plannings being undertaken by companies in certain situation," Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das said.
#shaktikanta das #finance ministry #tax
The Revenue Secretary's observations assumes significance as the department in the recent years has attracted criticism of hurting investors sentiment after it sent tax demands on some multinational companies such as Vodafone, Nokia and Shell.
Das further said the government is committed to stable and predictable tax regime for investors and will soon come out with new threshold for cases referred to Advance Authority for Rulings.
He further informed that department of revenue would start the budget exercise for 2015-16 from next month. "From November onwards we will get on with our interaction with various industry groups, we will be starting our homework as part of preparation of the next budget," Das added.
0

Gold fading sheen; likely to hover around USD 1200/oz: CARELike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold fading sheen; likely to hover around USD 1200/oz: CARE
Gold is likely to witness a further softening in prices in the near to medium term with the US dollar expected to strengthen further on the back of better performance of the US economy and the expected US interest rate hikes. Prices are likely to hover around the $1,200/oz range with a downward bias for the remainder of the year, says CARE.
Post your opinion here
 
CARE Ratings' report on Gold
The near sustained drop in gold prices to multi-year lows has brought to the fore doubts about the safe haven appeal associated with the metal. After an 11 year bull run, prices plummeted in 2013 and the declining trend was carried into 2014, taking the decline in prices in the last 2 years to over 30%. The metal has for long sustained its prices based on its appeal of a being a relatively risk free and gainful investment. While some of its attributes do remain untarnished, helping it retain its appeal, the metal is seen to be replaced with the US dollar and other interest bearing investments.
The drop in gold prices is being driven by the stronger US dollar, which has been making the metal which is priced in US dollar terms costlier and thereby less lucrative for holder of other currencies.
India’s Role in Shaping the Gold Markets
Being the second largest consumer of the metal, the changes in the demand scenario here has made a significant dent in the global demand for gold and it price. Faced with a widening current account deficit and exchange rate crisis, attributed to the growing appetite for gold in the country, policy makers imposed severe restrictions on the country’s import of gold in mid-2013. Given the country’s near total reliance on imports for meeting its demand (India produces less than 1.5 tonnes of gold annually and domestic production is less than 0.5% of its gold imports), a drop in imports here impacted global demand. The subdued demand/imports for the metal, albeit policy enforced, resulted in the country’s gold imports dropping to record lows – from 352 tonnes in Q2’13 to 91 tonnes in Q3’13 and 114 tonnes in Q4’13 (as per World Gold Council).
Gold continues to hold cultural and economic significance in the country and this would continue to support demand and prices. Given that the country’s CAD position has witnessed a significant improvement, the restrictions imposed on the gold import front could see further easing provided the government is convinced that it can be sustained. Hence, there is no certainty on the timeframe for this.
Gold imports into the country have witnessed a resurgence of sorts in recent quarter with some easing in policy restrictions. In Q2’14, imports increased to 202 tonnes (from 119 tonnes in Q1’14) and the country’s gold imports are expected to record as 50% increase from these levels in the remainder quarters of the year. Annual imports would however be around 100-200 tonnes lower than that in 2012 and 2013.
Outlook
The metal is likely to witness a further softening in prices in the near to medium term with the US dollar expected to strengthen further on the back of better performance of the US economy and the expected US interest rate hikes. Increased buying from China and India could provide some cushion for prices. Gold markets could also get some support from higher physical buying at lower prices and from investors who seek portfolio diversification . Nevertheless, the metal is unlikely to see a significant resurgence in demand and price in the near term. The metal is likely to hover around the $1,200/oz range with a downward bias for the remainder of the year.
Disclaimer: This report is prepared by the Economics Division of Credit Analysis &Research Limited [CARE]. CARE has taken utmost care to ensure accuracy and objectivity while developing this report based on information available in public domain. However, neither the accuracy nor completeness of information contained in this report is guaranteed. CARE is not responsible for any errors or omissions in analysis / inferences/views or for results obtained from the use of information contained in this report and especially states that CARE (including all divisions) has no financial liability whatsoever to the user of this report.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Maharashtra polls: BJP spreads hatred in society  says Sonia Gandhi5
0
Kolhapur: Mounting an assault on BJP, Congress President Sonia Gandhi on Thursday asked the voters in Maharashtra not to be swayed by the party which "spreads hatred in society". She also said BJP and Shiv Sena might have parted ways but in reality they are one.
"Their aim is to spread hatred in society. Don't get swayed by BJP, which changes masks," she said while addressing a poll rally at this pilgrimage town in western Maharashtra.
Joining the campaign for October 15 Assembly poll just four days before electioneering ends, Sonia said, "Opportunist parties like BJP and Shiv Sena can do anything for power. They may be look separate but in reality they are one." She said the Narendra Modi government was carrying forward schemes of the erstwhile UPA government despite BJP having ridiculed them earlier.
"Their aim is to spread hatred in society. Don't get swayed by BJP, which changes masks," Congress President said.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 sonia gandhi #bjp #congress #narenrda modi
"They ridiculed schemes of Congress government but are going ahead with the same schemes," she said. "Our opponents say they will take Maharashtra ahead of Gujarat. In almost all sectors, Maharashtra is ahead of Gujarat," she said, attacking Modi over his claims about Gujarat model of development initiated by him as Chief Minister.
"When polls come, they (BJP) say big things but their reality is different. During Lok Sabha polls, they made tall promises. What happened to their promise of reducing inflation in 100 days? What happened?" she asked. She also questioned the Modi government over its handling of escalating ceasefire violations by Pakistan which have resulted in civilian casualties notwithstanding government's claim that it was responding tit-for-tat to the aggression.
"They had spoken of giving a befitting reply to Pakistan. What happened?" she asked. "They say those who didn't do anything in 60 years are asking to them give an account of 60 days in office. I ask you, why do you have apprehension in giving the account," she said.
The Congress leader also slammed Modi for invoking Maratha king Shivaji at his election rallies. "They invoke Shivaji Maharaj during election but when our government planned a grand statue of Shivaji in the Arabian Sea, they opposed it," she said. Sonia said Maharashtra had progressed under Congress which fought for women, farmers and the backward classes.
"We made laws to empower them. In future too, we are committed to progress for all," she said. Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan was also present at the rally. Sonia is scheduled to address another poll rally at Aurangabad later on Thursday.
54

Tinkle debuts merchandise sector with comic figurinesOct 09, 2014 at 06:00pm IST
Tinkle debuts merchandise sector with comic figurines
4
0
Mumbai: Children's magazine Tinkle is all set to debut in the merchandise sector and create a new category in collectibles by launching figurines of its renowned comic characters.
Bobble Heads on 'Suppandi', the blundering village simpleton, 'Shikari Shambu' and 'Billy the Vampire' are among the first set of merchandise to be launched at the upcoming Comic Con in Hyderabad, publishers ACK media announced on Thursday.
"Designing merchandise is a lot different from books. Till now we have been experimenting with merchandise but this is the first time we are rolling it out on a big scale," Manas Mohan, CEO Publishing Amar Chitra Katha Pvt Ltd told PTI.
Bobble Heads on 'Suppandi', the blundering village simpleton, 'Shikari Shambu' and 'Billy the Vampire' are among the first set of merchandise to be launched at the upcoming Comic Con in Hyderabad
#tinkle #figurines #amazon #comic con
The 34-year-old legendary brand Tinkle from the ACK stable has also associated with Amazon for the launch. "Priced at Rs 999 each, the bobble heads have been available for prebooking at Amazon. We have been targeting the entry level market and are looking at people who understand and appreciate the collector level items," Mohan said.
"There is no danger of stocking out because we are not offering any discounts and are in the process of scaling up," he said.
The publishing house had previously introduced on a small scale cups, wallets, bags etc as merchandise "Global publishing houses like Marvel have a huge following with middle level merchandise priced at Rs 1500.
"There are even designer level bobble heads available for as much as Rs 5000 each. We are concentrating on the entry level market," Mohan said.
He said the Comic Convention was a good place to debut because of the "large and dedicated fan base" of attendees. The publishing house plans to expand the line of merchandise, which it would be retailing in physical stores across the country.
"This is our first step out of the publishing market and we are hopeful that it will work out," Mohan said.
2

Facebook s Mark Zuckerberg wants to make internet affordable for allFacebook's Mark Zuckerberg wants to make internet affordable for all
CNN-IBN | Oct 09, 2014 at 05:44pm
Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg wants to make internet accessible and affordable for all. 'We need to implement basic free internet plans for everyone. India needs to adopt the internet even more. Connectivity to the internet should be a fundamental right,' said Zuckerberg.
Jharkhand elections: Sonia Gandhi urges people of Daltonganj to vote for Congress
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

CM Omar Abdullah orders immediate relief to Kashmir flood-hit victims4
0
Srinagar: Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah on Thursday issued strict directions for immediate distribution of relief to the flood affected families under State Disaster Relief Fund.
"Whatever relief is available to the affected families under State Disaster Relief Fund (SDRF) should be immediately distributed to them," the chief minister said at a meeting attended by top officials of the state.
The meeting was convened to review process of relief and rehabilitation for flood-hit families.
Omar Abdullah issued strict directions for immediate distribution of relief to the flood affected families under State Disaster Relief Fund.
#jammu and kashmir floods #jammu and kashmir #omar abdullah #relief
The chief minister said the compensation for cattle loss, crop damage, collapsed houses, warm bedding, and clothing etc should be accounted for in delivery of temporary relief to the flood survivors.
He said winter is setting in soon and concerned deputy commissioners should spare no efforts and lose no time in distributing the relief promptly.
The chief minister said the comprehensive package for the rehabilitation of flood-hit families has been formulated by the state government and is being sent to the Government of India for release of funds after vetting by the state Cabinet.
He said till the time the Special Relief Package is approved by the Centre, the deputy commissioners should promptly distribute all sort of temporary relief available under SDRF to the flood affected families.
Omar, who has fixed one week's time for completing the task of distributing compensation to the house owners whose houses are fully damaged in the floods, received brief from divisional commissioner on the follow-up action on this issue.
He was also briefed about providing temporary accommodation to the flood-hit families residing on roadsides.
0

Cramer: Let Tim Cook run Applecramer: let tim cook run apple
Futures point to lower open on growth worriesS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Facebook eyes growth potential in India; targets local contentFacebook eyes growth potential in India; targets local content
Chopper deal case: ED opposes Gautam Khaitan s bail pleaChopper deal case: ED opposes Gautam Khaitan s bail plea
India s GDP to rise to 7% in FY17: CitiHi Guest
India's GDP to rise to 7% in FY17: Citi
India's growth rate is expected to improve to 7 per cent by FY 2017, while inflation and current account deficit are likely to moderate in the coming years, a Citigroup report said. According to the global financial services major, the Indian economy had faced high and sticky inflation between 2008-2013, around 50 per cent depreciation in currency and elevated interest rates, but the "normalisation" process has begun. "From an undesirable mix of sub-par growth, high inflation, elevated ...

Liberia postpones senatorial elections amid Ebola crisisLiberia postpones senatorial elections amid Ebola crisis
Mahindra Lifespaces launches 2nd Happinest project in BoisarMahindra Lifespaces launches 2nd Happinest project in Boisar
Unrest continues in Turkey between Kurds  Islamists over KobaniUnrest continues in Turkey between Kurds  Islamists over Kobani
Bank of England keeps interest rate at 0.50%Bank of England keeps interest rate at 0.50%
L&T eyes infrastructure assets listing in IndiaOct 09, 2014, 06.20 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
L&T eyes infrastructure assets listing in India
Mumbai-based Larsen initially wants to list assets valued in the "low" hundreds of millions of dollars, R Shankar Raman said, after deciding against an earlier plan to list the assets in Singapore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
L&T eyes infrastructure assets listing in India
Mumbai-based Larsen initially wants to list assets valued in the "low" hundreds of millions of dollars, R Shankar Raman said, after deciding against an earlier plan to list the assets in Singapore.
Post your opinion here
 
Industrial conglomerate  Larsen and Toubro Ltd is exploring a listing of its infrastructure assets including toll roads in the local market via a newly created investment trust, its chief financial officer told Reuters.
Mumbai-based Larsen initially wants to list assets valued in the "low" hundreds of millions of dollars, R Shankar Raman said, after deciding against an earlier plan to list the assets in Singapore.
"If we can list these assets without the foreign exchange risk, then obviously we would prefer to do it," he said, adding the company needed clarity on some tax issues before moving ahead with it.
India cleared the way for the country's first infrastructure trusts as well as so-called real estate investment trusts in July by announcing tax benefits, allowing developers to monetize their assets through a stock exchange listing.
Larsen had tapped investors earlier this year for a listing of its infrastructure assets in Singapore - in a deal sources familiar with the matter said could have raised up to USD 800 million - but did not move ahead with the plan.
Larsen stock price
On November 24, 2014, Larsen and Toubro closed at Rs 1668.75, up Rs 3.20, or 0.19 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1774.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 951.60.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 63.52 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 26.27. The latest book value of the company is Rs 362.41 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.60.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Kansai Nerolac; target of Rs 2396: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Kansai Nerolac; target of Rs 2396: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com is bullish on Kansai Nerolac Paints and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 2396 in its October 9, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
ICICIdirect.com`s research report on Kansai Nerolac Paints
“Kansai Nerolac (KNL) is India’s largest industrial paint company with ~35% market share in industrial paints and third largest player with overall 14% market share. With sustainable growth in decorative paints & subdued industrial demand, KNL has increased its revenue contribution of decorative paints from 50% in FY09 to 55% currently. It has strong brands in interior, exterior and metal paints like Impressions, Excel, Surkasha, Satin Enamel, Lotus touch, Beauty, Pearl and Little Master. KNL continues to invest in brands with 4-5% of sales going into advertisement and promotion. We believe decorative paints would continue to grow strongly with the presence of limited players & strong repainting demand. We expect a revival in industrial paints demand (75% automotive paints), led by a recovery in automotive segment. We expect blended volume growth of 14.1%, 15.5% YoY in FY16E, FY17E, respectively.”
“Kansai Nerolac is a leading industrial paints player with ~35% market share. KNL supplies paints to many automobile players. They account for 30-35% of its sales with Maruti Suzuki being its biggest client. Automobile demand has been subdued in the last two years as Maruti has seen ~1% volume CAGR during FY12-14. However, we believe a revival in industrial paints would lead to a recovery for KNL in the industrial paints segment. Going forward, we believe there should be a resumption in industrial paints as automobile growth is likely to be ~16% YoY in FY16E and ~14.5% in FY17E. We expect revenue, earnings to grow at a CAGR of 19.3%, 30.6% respectively, during FY14-17E.”
“Despite the company consciously increasing its decorative paints contribution to 55% of sales from 50%, we believe the stock is still trading at a discount to Asian Paints. With improving margins, higher free cash flows and expanding return ratios, we believe the discount to Asian Paints would shrink and the stock would command a premium to its historic average of 22x. Further, with an improvement in automotive paint demand supported by higher demand for autos due to lower base effect, we expect industrial and decorative volume growth of 16% and 15% YoY, respectively, in FY17E resulting in revenue CAGR of 19.3% in FY14-17E. Simultaneously, higher operating leverage coupled with stable raw material prices are expected to lead to an expansion in operating margins by 250 bps by FY17E over FY14. At the CMP, the stock is trading at 27.4x its FY16E earnings and 22.2x its FY17E earnings. We have valued the stock on 28x multiple to arrive at a target price of Rs 2396/share,” says ICICIdirect.com research report.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Tobacco Board bags Golden Leaf AwardTobacco Board bags Golden Leaf Award
Our Bureau
Tobacco Board Chairman K. Gopal with the "2014 Golden Leaf Award” for its “Most Impressive Public Service Initiatives” in Tobacco sector in an International conference held in West Virginia, US recently.
Guntur, Oct 9:  
The Tobacco Board here has bagged the Golden Leaf Award for "its most impressive public service initiatives" in the sector.
Tobacco Board Chairman K. Gopal said it was the first Government organisation or agency to bag the prestigious award and "the credit goes entirely to the enterprising tobacco farmers of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka." He received the award recently in Washington at an international conference held by the Global Tobacco Network Forum (GTNF) to discuss the emerging issues in the tobacco sector.
The initiatives taken by the Tobacco Board in extension activities, reduction of pesticide residues, introduction of good agricultural practices and introduction of e-auctions in AP and Karnataka came in for high praise at the conference, he said.
The GTNF was launched in 2008 by Tobacco Reporter to bring together various stakeholders in the sector and discuss issues. The Golden Leaf Award was sponsored by BMJ group, a leader in paper products.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

DSK Hyosung opens bike showroom in VizagHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
DSK Hyosung opens bike showroom in Vizag
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Oct 09:  
DSK Hyosung here on Thursday inaugurated its first bike showroom in the new state of Andhra Pradesh and "it is planning to make inroads into the AP market", according to COO Shivapada Ray.
After inaugurating the showroom, Sai Amrutha Innovations, he said it was the thirty-ninth showroom of the company in the country and another showroom was opened on Thursday at Chandigarh. "Visakhapatnam is the largest city in AP after bifurcation and we are bullish on the market here, as the city is set to witness rapid growth," he said.
He said the company, which had an assembling unit near Pune, had sold 1,800 superbikes last year and for the current year the target was 3,000 bikes. "We are importing the parts from our Korean partner - Hyosung - and assembling the bikes at our unit near Pune. However, we plan to set up the manufacturing plant in Maharashtra by 2017. The likely investment on the plant may be around Rs 400 crores," he said.
He said the company was doing very well in the niche segment of superbikes in the price range of Rs 2,79,000 to Rs 5,89,000 (ex showroom, Vizag) and added that the company was having a tie-up with HDFC Bank and others to finance the purchase of bikes.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Debate:  A Stable Government Will Rid India of its Economic WoesSomya Barpanda
'A stable government will help in a smoother rollout of reforms'
Lately many Indians have been losing sleep over an unfl attering economic growth rate, gloomy investment climate, a weak rupee, and uncomfortable levels of unemployment, fi scal defi cit and food infl ation. Against this backdrop, a stable government might not be a panacea to our economic woes. But it will certainly correct the many factors that have been hitherto causing the economy to lose steam.
First, owing to an uncertain future, most companies and investors are warily holding their horses. Once the authority at the Centre is ascertained, this 'wait and watch' phase will end, leading to higher investment fl ows, a stronger rupee, greater economic activity and in turn better job creation. Second, a stable government will provide a more conducive environment for a relatively smoother rollout of reforms. Third, the government in power was playing it safe and not pushing for diffi cult reforms aggressively. A stable government would get more room for addressing serious and fundamental economic challenges on the power crisis, infrastructure defi cit and need for skill formation. Last, there will be better scope for exercising fi scal prudence as against the incumbent government's pre-poll tendency for fi scal profligacy.
India, however, is notorious for acting only in the face of urgency. Whichever government comes to power next can only ill afford to not learn from past governments, resist complacency and consistently deliver on the front of reforms and economic development.
SOMYA BARPANDA PGP (2013-15)

How yours can be the next Ice Bucket ChallengeHow yours can be the next Ice Bucket Challenge
Pradipti Jayaram
Tweet
What marketers can learn from it
On August 31, Siddhartha Ramakrishna, a Bangalore-based branding professional, accepted and performed the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, for which he was nominated by two of his friends. He filmed it and put it up on Facebook. He then nominated two of his friends and his mother to participate in the challenge. “I took up the ALS challenge, after considerable reading up, to donate to a cause I believe needed the money for research and treatment,” he says. “I also paid $10 on the ALS foundation’s website.”
Ramakrishna isn’t alone. Apart from mere mortals, celebrities such as Bill Gates, Justin Timberlake, Sarah Palin, Morgan Freeman, and closer to home, Bipasha Basu and Siddharth Malhotra, amongst others, have joined in on the fun.
The Ice Bucket Challenge (IBC), which went viral on Facebook, has garnered $94.3 million in donations. “We didn’t start or promote/market the challenge. It was initiated and grew virally,” says Greg Cash, Communications Director, ALS Foundation.
Viral spiral
For the uninitiated, the challenge involves dumping a bucket of ice water on one’s head to promote awareness of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and encourage donations to research. It went viral on social media during July-August 2014. The challenge warrants that nominated participants be filmed having a bucket of ice water poured on their heads and then nominate at least three others to do the same. A common stipulation is that nominated participants have 24 hours to comply or forfeit. In one version of the challenge, the participant is expected to donate $10 if they have poured the ice water over their head or donate $100 if they have not. In another version, dumping the ice water over one’s head is done sans any donation.
Not everybody is gung-ho about the challenge, though. While some argue that this last version promotes ‘slacktivism’, others feel it’s a waste of water, an already scarce resource, and have boycotted the challenge. For instance, Bollywood actor Sonakshi Sinha, instead of dumping a bucket full of cold water put a single ice cube on her head. The message: Stop wasting water and just donate for the cause.
Hollywood actor Matt Damon, who is passionate about safe water and sanitation, used toilet water to do the IBC. But this hasn’t stopped people from taking the challenge.
It has gone on to inspire politically and socially motivated spin-offs such as the Gaza Rubble Bucket Challenge (to focus attention on Gaza’s most recent travails, the Hamas Vs Hummus Challenge (to garner support for the soldiers of the Israel Defence Force in defending the people of both Israel and Gaza from the Hamas) and India’s Rice Bucket Challenge (RBC).
The RBC seems to be going from strength to strength. Manjulatha Kalanidhi, started this challenge as she thought it was necessary and relevant to the Indian situation. (See accompanying box.) A host of individuals and institutions have taken it up.
So, why are the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge and some of its spin-offs as successful as they are? Harish Iyer, Vice-President (HR) at Meru Cabs, the brains behind participating in the Rice Bucket Challenge, says through a charitable trust called the Meru Foundation, they donated a month’s supply of rice and other commodities to Prem Sadan, in Madh Island, Mumbai which gives shelter and growth opportunities to girls aged 6-18.
The firm’s CEO Siddhartha Pahwa says he has not seen business causes gain the same kind of virality that social causes spawn. “Any social cause has the potential to go viral as society is getting connected 24x7. Good messages get picked up very fast. If marketers associate with social causes not only at the transaction level but at the internal level then social media can help promote the brand as well,” he says.
Recipe for success
“The reason behind doing the video is both social and useful, and research suggests that messages that are socially useful, that teach something new, have viral potential,” says David Dubois, Assistant Professor, Marketing, at INSEAD’s Fontainebleau campus.
To spread effectively, a message has to answer the question ‘Why would I share this message?’ (as opposed to ‘Why I would buy this product?’ (like it is for a classic ad). “Typically, people answer this question positively: Because it makes me look good and/or because it would be useful to the message recipient; will it help my friends to save money, improve relationships, or make things better? For instance, consider this 8-million-views video teaching message recipients how to shuck corn better – eight million people for corn!”
According to Dubois, in the case of ASL, it is clearly socially important and desirable to spread information about the disease as well as show that you personally care.
Apart from this, the message has to be both provocative, and easy to do (pouring water on yourself is a gesture you can easily execute, is uncommon and can be easily done). “This is consistent with research that suggests that provocative messages tend to spread a lot. Overall, the combination of a purposeful message (raising money for a good cause) and fun way of execution is a winning formula for triggering virality,” he says.
Fear of missing out
For Wharton School’s Jonah Berger, a Professor of Marketing who studies the science behind viral content: “People want to look good to others, so it’s hard to turn down a pro-social cause.” He elaborates: “People might also be making the decision to share the video based on a need for social validation. People share things that make them look good, that make them look smart and in the know,” he says. “People don’t want to be left out. Anytime you’re at a cocktail party and someone is talking about something, whether it’s a brand or a new band, you don’t want to be the only person in the group who has no idea what they’re talking about,” he adds.
However, Berger also believes that some of the people who have taken the challenge don’t know a lot about ALS. “Ideally, you would love everybody who finds out about this challenge to become more aware of the disease, not just donate, not just take part in the easy aspect of it,” he says. “That said, if you are increasing donations and if at least some portion of the people who take this challenge become more aware of this disease, I think it’s good for the ALS Association at the end of the day.”
He also feels the challenges turned viral because it’s easy to see other people doing this, and show them that you are as well, whereas with most social causes donations are private. Group M’s Vineet Karnik, National Director, groupm esp, the entertainment, sports and cause marketing consultancy, says the popularity of the IBC or any social media marketing plan, lies in the genuineness of the cause. It shouldn’t smack of obvious marketing, and should help the audience to participate freely, without riders like ‘buy our product’ to participate. Group M’s campaign ‘The Power of 49’, for Tata Tea, he says, is one such example because it spoke of women’s empowerment and their potential to choose the right leader, and not about a product. An honest cause will definitely rub off positively on the brand supporting it, he adds.
“The one thing right that it did was add the peer angle to it … nominate three others. With this, they successfully tapped into the viral effect and managed to create the domino effect,” says Ankita Gaba, Co-Founder, SocialSamosa, a social media content portal.
“Video is the most consumed form of media in the current times and hence video marketing is the best approach to make a campaign go viral,” says Zafar Rais, Founder and CEO, MindShift Interactive, a digital marketing agency. “The success of the IBC can be attributed to the fact that it was taken by a lot of celebrities and influential personalities across the world, which favoured the campaign to become a trend amongst youngsters on the social media,” he adds.
However, INSEAD’s Dubois feels the challenge could have done some things better.
“First, make the cause behind the message more salient. A lot of people remember the IBC, only some donated (given the large number of views) but less clear is how many people remembered the ALS association as a brand name and perhaps more importantly, how many people remember the disease itself” he says. “Second, it is interesting that they decoupled the act of making the video and the act of donating. Those who donate are those who do not contribute to spreading the word. People active on social media are more likely to further act on whatever they are communicating. I would imagine ASL might have been very successful at further leveraging the enthusiasm behind the donations, that is, make people who did the video engage further by donating time or money,” he adds.
It has gone on to inspire politically and socially motivated spin-offs such as the Gaza Rubble Bucket Challenge and the Hamas vs Hummus Challenge.
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Does Hollywood have all the answersDoes Hollywood have all the answers?
Prasad Sangameshwaran
Business Line
Effective engagement - the IAA looks to the world of entertainment for solutions
It’s a serpentine queue outside the security gates of the BSE (Bombay Stock Exchange). Apart from the occasional stock trader, the queue is packed with college students who have assembled for something special. The International Advertising Association – India Chapter had hosted a Young Turks Forum inside the stock exchange. One of the attractions of the evening was a panel discussion featuring acclaimed director, creator and producer Stefan Haves and advertising biggie and Bollywood director R Balki.
Haves, who has been a favourite at Cirque du Soleil – the globally acclaimed entertainment act that mixes circus, arts and street entertainment – since 2006, stuck to the brief. He started the engagement with the 500-odd members of the audience with a mono-act rendition of how life has changed with mobile phones and the audience was hooked. The discussion point for the day, ‘How to engage with the audience using lessons from the entertainment industry’ got the right kick-start. Haves said that it’s the spirit and connection with the audience that makes for a magical connection in theatre. In today’s world that’s hurtling ahead at 4-G speeds, theatre has the ability to let one settle down and press the reset button. “Theatre can stretch time,” said Haves. But the discussion did not meander down the line of how theatre is the Holy Grail for too long.
Balki, who heads agency Lowe Lintas’ operations in India and has directed acclaimed Hindi films such as Cheeni Kum and Paa was of the view that if anybody claims that they understand the pulse of the masses, they are talking rubbish. “The audience likes film stars and comes to see the star,” he said, adding that if the story then connects to them it’s a bonus point. “Do something that connects with yourself,” was his word of advice.
Responding to a query from moderator Anish Trivedi on whether the success of a storyline can be researched, much like Billboard hits, Balki was quick to add that if everything stuck to a formula, it would stop giving an element of surprise. According to Balki, the very nature of being interesting is in doing things that have been never done before, using gut feel and instinct and hoping it will connect with the audience.
He rounded off the discussion with a point that could give advertisers and ad agencies something to chew on. “There is an inherent conflict between art and business. Art often leads thought and business follows,” said Balki, adding that advertising that is born after hours of painstaking research often tends to follow the consumer. “The best advertisements are those that lead consumers. They have a way of adding to consumer’s lives, rather than borrowing from them.”
(This article was published on September 25, 2014)
Related

Know what all you pay for in banking servicesTeena Jain Kaushal      Follow @MoneyTeena    Edition: October 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
New-Delhi based Bhupinder Singh, 52, pays instalment for a loan on the 5th of every month. The money is automatically deducted from his account. But a few months ago, the transaction failed. The reason was insufficient funds in the account. This came as a shock to Singh as he had deposited the required amount in the account. When he went to the bank, he was told that the annual debit card fee was deducted from his account on the 4th of that month, leaving the account short by Rs 200. "I was not aware about the debit card charge. Now my credit score has been affected. I also had to pay for the failed transaction."
Banks charge you for a number of things. For example, you pay extra if your debit/credit card is swiped abroad. Similarly, there are charges for duplicate bank statement, PIN generation, demand draft and even account balance updates that you get via SMS on your phone.
Rahul Soota, executive director, mymoneymantra, a financial product distribution company, says, "Customers have a notion that they are giving business to the bank and so the bank should thank them for it. But the reality is different. Banks charge for services to recover costs."
Some of these charges lead to disagreement between banks and their customers. For instance, there is big confusion over the penalty levied when the average balance in the account falls below the minimum mandated for the account.
Japjit Bedi, head, deposits and wealth management, private and business clients, Deutsche Bank India, says, "Recently, many banks moved from quarterly to monthly system (for calculating the minimum balance) and tweaked charges for non-compliance. One must find out whether one has to maintain the mandated minimum balance on a monthly or a quarterly basis."
Harsh Roongta, chief executive officer, apnapaisa.com, says, "Banks should send regular updates/SMS alerts to customers about the various charges. Printed material may also be given to them at the branch."
Here are some common bank charges that we all should know about.
AVERAGE BALANCE REQUIREMENT
It is the minimum amount that is to be maintained in the account. Banks calculate it by adding each daily closing account balance and dividing it by the number of days in the period.
Earlier, all banks used to take the quarterly figure. Now, many have moved to the monthly system. There are also accounts with no minimum balance requirement. Check out with your bank how much balance you need to maintain.
If the figure falls below the level mandated for the account, banks usually charge a penalty.
For example, in a State Bank of India, or SBI, account, you have to maintain the minimum balance on a quarterly basis. ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank do the calculation monthly. Moreover, while SBI charges you per quarter, the other two imopose a fine for every month that the minimum balance is not maintained.
Many customers are not aware about how the average balance is calculated. Roongta says banks should tell customers about this calculation when they open the account (see How to Calculate Average Balance).
DUPLICATE STATEMENTS 
Banks charge you every time you apply for a duplicate account statement. The good news is that you pay less if you apply through net banking, phone banking or ATM. The usual fee of Rs 100 can be cut to half by going for the non-branch options.
DISHONOURED CHEQUE
There are cheques drawn on banks and there are cheques deposited with banks. In both cases you are charged for failed transactions. Usually, there are different charges for outstation and local cheques. Consider this. For cheques deposited with ICICI bank, it costs Rs 100 for local cheques and Rs150 for outstation cheques.
FAILED ECS TRANSACTION
Banks charge you every time an ECS transaction is rejected. Some banks have a flat penalty for all failed ECS transactions. Some charge more for second rejection in the same month. For example, HDFC Bank charges Rs 350 for every rejection in a quarter. The penalty for subsequent rejections is Rs 750.
CASH TRANSACTIONS
You cannot make unlimited cash deposits and withdrawals for free either at home or non-home branches . For example, ICICI Bank allows four free cash transactions per month for branches in the same city. Thereafter, it charges Rs 90 per transaction.
There can also be a cap on transaction value.In case of HDFC Bank, there is no cap on the amount that can be transacted in the home branch. At non-home branches, customers are charged Rs 5 per Rs 1,000 for amounts above Rs 49,999.
AT NON-HOME ATMs
The rates are set by the Reserve Bank of India or RBI. Present rules mandate at least five free transactions per month at other banks' ATMs. After this, banks charges you per withdrawal. The limit has however been revised for six metropolitan cities. From November onwards, there will be a limit of three transactions per month from ATM of other banks and five from the same bank.
DEBIT CARD FEES
You have to pay Rs 100-500 a year for your debit card. If the card is lost or damaged, the bank will charge you for issuing a new one.
NEFT AND RTGS
National Electronic Funds Transfer, or NEFT, is a payment system for one-to-one fund transfer. Theprocessing charges are mandated by the RBI. For transactions up to Rs 10,000, there is a standard charge of Rs 2.50. Between Rs 10,001 and Rs 1 lakh, it is Rs 5. Between Rs 1 and Rs 2 lakh, it is Rs 15, while above Rs 2 lakh it is Rs 25.
Real Time Gross Settlement, or RTGS, transfers funds in real time on an order-by-order basis. For transferring Rs 2-5 lakh, the fee is Rs 25 and for above Rs 5 lakh, it is Rs 50.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSACTIONS
International transactions cost 3-4% more because of the currency conversion charge. "If you make payments abroad through debit or credit card, a charge of 4% is added to the exchange rate," says Roongta.
SURCHARGE AT PETROL PUMPS
Next time you swipe your card at a petrol pump, note the amount of surcharge that you pay. SBI, for example, charges 0.75% for purchases up to Rs 2,000 and 1% for higher value transactions. Similarly, the ICICI HPCL debit card does not charge any fee for transactions above Rs 400.
For non-HPCL outlets, there is a surcharge of 2.5% of the purchase value or Rs 10, whichever is higher. Some cards also offer you a cash-back in partnership with oil marketing companies.
SMS SERVICE
Banks also charge you for the balance updates they send on your phone. For example, ICICI Bank charges Rs 15 per quarter for the service.
The list is not exhaustive. There is a plethora of other charges for things such as signature verification and demand drafts. Since the list of charges is readily available on websites of banks, all of us should take a look at it to know what all we pay for.

Here s What Really Happens When You Order A Domino s Pizzareddit
The tracker is legit -- but only as legit as the people in the store let it be. The fact is, there are a lot of factors that happen in a store that the tracker can't always account for, and so your mileage may vary with the online tracker for those reasons.
The Dream
As others have already mentioned, there's a narrative to the tracker that the store supposedly follows: You place your order online. That order arrives at the store. The labels print out and are put on boxes. And the order itself appears on a screen at the make-line.
The person on the make-line assembles your food items and indicates that the order has been made. The tracker updates and tells you that your order is now in the oven. After a set period of time -- somewhere around 7 minutes, give or take -- the order should be out of the oven and in the process of being boxed. (Note: There is no button for employees to push to say that an order has come out of the oven; this is an automatically timed event on the tracker.)
Once your items are out of the oven and boxed, your delivery driver packs them in the hot-bag, gathers up any other items you may have ordered (sodas, sauces, chips, etc.), and "punches out" the order to say that, why yes, it is out for delivery. Once again, the tracker updates to let you know that your order is on its way.
Once the order is delivered and the driver returns, the driver signs back in to indicate that his run is complete. The tracker then updates for the final time -- though, you should already know that the order's been completed based on the pizza in your hands.
The Reality
Now, all that said, there are some factors that can affect your Tracker experience. Because delivery drivers can "game the system," so to speak.
By Domino's policies, for example, no driver is supposed to take more than two or three deliveries at a time (as memory serves). Corporate policy is very emphatic about that. Even though we don't do the "30 minutes or it's free" rule anymore, we do still strive to have every order delivered within 30 minutes or less to ensure customer satisfaction. Unfortunately, that 30 minute rule was only really made for stores with smaller delivery radii and enough drivers to consistently handle the amount of business received in a given day.
I worked at a store in Pittsburgh's East Liberty neighborhood that delivered to roughly half the city of Pittsburgh -- including every college campus, nearly every major hospital, the Strip District, and the Homewood/Lincoln-Larimer/East Hills neighborhoods. That's a huge radius to cover, and even with an average of at least eight to 10 drivers per night, we didn't have the ability to do our deliveries entirely by the book. Especially not if any given driver wanted to make a decent living that night. To compensate, most drivers would try to take between four and six deliveries at a time based, depending on the area to which they were delivering.
Under those circumstances, we usually aimed for about a 45 minutes delivery time. And that's what we told people when they ordered -- somewhere between 30-45 minutes for your order. People were usually perfectly happy with this -- unless, of course, things took longer. But the tracker and the Pulse software used in-store aren't set up to account for these individual store practices. Rather, they're keyed into corporate standards.
In other words, each store is eventually evaluated on these widespread, not always applicable standards. Each order that's placed has a timer attached to it tracking the time between when it's placed and when it's marked as completed. Those timers and statistics are then reported for store evaluations and taken into account, along with any and all customer feedback. These make a significant difference as to how a store is rated, how it's treated, and essentially, how much a store is left to its own devices and allowed to keep doing what it does without supervisors breathing down the manager's neck.
So stores will sometimes fudge numbers and cut corners so their stats look better. It doesn't usually make any difference to the customer, who still gets warm pizza in a generally acceptable timeline, but it does make the store look like it's running more efficiently than it really is.
The Tricks
Here are some of the things that happened in our store to make it look more efficient.
1) The order comes in and the make-line workers immediately mark it as completed and put in the oven. Since you can go back to look at the order after you've submitted it, this gave them a couple minutes time to get the order made and put in the oven, even though the tracker says it's already in the oven. So shave two minutes there.
2) The order gets through the oven, boxed, and then put on the heat racks to be bagged and sent out. Meanwhile, on the computer for the drivers, there are five or six orders popping up on the screen with different addresses. It's my turn to take the next delivery, so I see there are two right now that have been placed for a campus in Oakland -- both are sitting at about 8 minutes on the timer, which means they're ready to be punched out and delivered.
But just as I'm ready to punch those two deliveries out, there are another two for the same neighborhood that just got placed. My choices are to let these other two orders sit on the timers for another 8 minutes (by which time they'll be a nice red color on the screen, indicating that they're very late) and then punch out all four deliveries for myself, or I can punch out the two orders now and use my "dummy account" (literally a ghost driver with a different name) to sign out the other two deliveries and take all four at once, delivering them in priority of time and convenience of route.
I use my dummy account to make the stats look better. Essentially, it means that the system shows us as having twice as many drivers working, while allowing us to take the deliveries we know we can make. Shady as hell when it comes to store evaluations, but for customer satisfaction, we didn't have that many problems.
3) Now I've got my four deliveries punched out on both of my driver accounts, and I'm out the door to make my deliveries. My first two deliveries on my main account are finished, but I'm still making the deliveries on my dummy account, so I'm not going to be back in the amount of time that the system thinks that I should. That means, once again, that we have two options: A) We can let the timers say that the driver took a hell of long time to complete one delivery, or B) we let the timers reflect the general amount of time it takes to make the deliveries by having drivers/managers/make-line workers still in-store sign drivers in at around the time that they should be coming back from that delivery. Which one looks better for the store? You guessed it. Option B.
The Problem
Now this is where things have a tendency to get a little hinky with the Tracker. Because there are a couple things going on now that aren't quite 100 percent true -- but do show up a certain way on the Tracker.
The biggest problem is that because, say, Bob just got back from delivering orders and signed back in, any online order that he was delivering (as Bob) is now marked by the Tracker as having been delivered. But since Bob had five deliveries out and three of them were under his dummy account, Fred, Bob is still finishing his last two or three deliveries. So Bob may still has your order in his car (and, quite possibly, another one on his route to deliver before he gets to your house), despite the fact that the Tracker has so graciously informed you that your pizza has already been delivered.
We would get a decent number of calls from people informing us that the Tracker told them that their pizza had been delivered, but that they didn't have anything on their table yet. You might get some people in-store and on the phones who tell you that the Tracker automatically does all that stuff, or that the driver should be there any minute and the Tracker just worked a little faster than your driver. But rest assured, unless your driver really messed up, your pizza did not get delivered to someone else. Or at the very least, if it did, the Tracker isn't the way you're going to find that out.
Rev. Joel Montgomery is an ordained pastor in the Presbyterian Church (USA) serving the First Presbyterian Church of Vandalia, Missouri. He blogs at Waxing Theological .
This piece originally appeared on Quora. Follow Quora on Twitter and Facebook .
Follow Rev. Joel Montgomery on Twitter: www.twitter.com/waxingtheologic
More:

UK banks: every underdog has its day© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/871b7694-4ef5-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The persistence of public ignorance about federal spendingBy Ilya Somin October 8
Christopher Ingraham of Wonkblog points out that a new Pew Research Center survey shows that most of the public is ignorant about the distribution of federal spending. Only 20% realize that the federal government spends more money on Social Security than on foreign aid, transportation, and interest on the government debt. Some 33% believe that foreign aid is the biggest item on this list, even though it’s actually the smallest. It accounts for only 1% of the federal budget, compared to a whopping 17% for Social Security, which is one of the biggest federal outlays and has been for decades.
The Pew poll is consistent with numerous previous studies that reach similar results , consistently showing that the public massively overestimates foreign aid spending, and underestimates spending on big entitlement programs, such as Social Security and Medicare. British voters are misinformed about their own government’s budget in much the same way .
Ignorance on this point has a significant influence on politics and policy. A large percentage of voters implicitly assume that we can solve the federal budget crisis simply by cutting unpopular foreign aid programs, without raising taxes or touching entitlements. That makes it politically difficult to address our looming fiscal crisis (in which Social Security and other entitlements are major factors) in a realistic way.

Beware bureaucrats  Big Brother Modi is watching youBeware bureaucrats, Big Brother Narendra Modi is watching you
Douglas Busvine        Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 16:41 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has earned a reputation as something of a control freak since becoming the prime minister, ordering bureaucrats to throw out office junk and go to work on a public holiday to clean the toilets.
Now he has taken things a step further by launching an electronic surveillance system that will track whether 100,000 government officials are showing up for work on time.
Not only is Big Brother watching the 'babus', as country's pen pushers are known, but the public can also keep track of them through a web site - attendance.gov.in - that quietly went live at the end of September.
The dashboard of the Biometric Attendance System displays a dynamic, real-time chart of how many people are at work. It is also possible to click through and check when an individual checks in and logs out of the system.
"It all started with the prime minister giving the idea," said project coordinator Shefali Sushil Dash of National Informatics Centre, the agency for e-government initiatives.
The system is based on the Aadhaar (Foundation) biometric identity card system launched by the last government that now covers 680 million people, and refines a pilot project launched by techno-bureaucrat Ram Sewak Sharma in Jharkhand.
'NO SENSE OF INTRUSION'
Using their Aadhaar numbers, more than 50,000 government workers at 148 government bodies in the capital, New Delhi, have been enrolled in the system. The plan is to double that figure.
Staff can clock in using a fingerprint scan at the entrance of their offices. Top-ranking civil servants can do so, without queuing, with devices attached to their workstations.
Dash said there had been "no complaints" from those enrolled in the scheme that it was intrusive. "This system is meant to make people's life easier," she told Reuters.
Based on a straw poll of his sources, Suhaib Ilyasi, editor of Bureaucracy Today - a magazine for and about Indian bureaucrats - says the response has been positive.
"People like it even though they have to be punctual," he said. "Officers are government servants. They should be serving the people. There is no sense of intrusion."
Keeping the noses of officials to the grindstone is bullish for India, a country where even the most basic bureaucratic task can prove daunting, according to one investor.
" Modi 's view is if I get the little things right, if I get the civil servants to work, to clear files, then I'm 80 percent of the way there," said Avinash Vazirani, manager of Jupiter Asset Management's India fund.
"This is Big Brother stuff but very effective. It's not just the central government. The state governments are trying to emulate this."
The Prime Minister's Office will also take part in the scheme, said Dash, although it was not clear whether Modi would be enrolled.
Project mastermind Sharma, who holds the rank of secretary at the government's Department of Electronics and Information Technology, could not immediately be reached for comment. The Biometric Attendance System showed he had signed in at work at 13:55:16 p.m. on Thursday.
(Additional reporting by Sujata Rao in London)
(Reuters)

Early Diwali on Dalal Street Sensex rallies over 400 pointsEarly Diwali on Dalal Street? Sensex rallies over 400 points
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 04.45PM IST
Tags:
Analyst
(Most analysts on the Dalal…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex galloped by as much as 442 points in trade on Thursday to snap its three-day fall, after the US Federal Reserve in its latest policy meet last night reassured investors that the central bank is in no hurry to raise interest rates.
Most analysts on the Dalal Street see this more of a pull-back rally from key support levels and the bounce looks very much sustainable considering the fact that cyclicals are now leading the rally.
Apart from technical factors - some analysts even call this a pre-Diwali rally, which may push the Nifty index to a fresh record high of levels above 8300.
"The Indian markets zoomed above 400 points in trade, led by a smart rally seen in cyclical stocks. Being in the festive season, the current rally can also be seen as a pre-Diwali rally, which may push the Nifty to an all-time high level of 8315," said A K Prabhakar, Independent Market Expert.
"The only dampener could come from the outcome of the Assembly election. Otherwise this rally will be led by banks, metal & cap goods," he added.
The S&P BSE Sensex finally closed 390.49 points higher at 26637.28 and the Nifty ended 117.85 points higher at 7690.55 on Thursday.
Overnight, the US stocks ended higher by over 1 per cent with major indexes posting their biggest one-day jumps of 2014. Tracking gains on the Wall Street , both the Asian and European stocks duly followed suit.
"I believe that the S&P 500 has bottomed out yesterday and that is leading to a bottoming out of all markets. Dollar index seems to have topped out for the moment and chances are that we have begun a new upswing," said Ashwani Gujral , Fund Manager , Ashwanigujral.com.
"An upswing is possible and we can make a new high because this low of about 7820 was higher than the previous low. So basically people should reassume long positions because clearly cyclicals are leading this rally," he added.
Gujral is of the view that whenever cyclicals lead the market, generally the moves on the indices are stronger. So it still remains a market that should be bought.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs), which have been the backbone of over 25 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex so far in the year 2014, became net sellers in the past couple of weeks.
FIIs have sold net equities worth Rs 2172.90 crore in the last five trading sessions, while domestic institutional investors (DIIs) remained net buyers.
"After yesterday's horrible trading session, Thursday is a big relief. I would like to see that FII flows now continue to get positive," said Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com.
"Yesterday we had a big negative number (FIIs sold equities worth Rs 1440.99 crore. So, as long as the liquidity flows continue to be negative, that would be the only break for this upside," he added.
Technically, the Nifty found support near 7800 where there was a falling trendline support. The level of 7840 was largely seen as a trend reversal level and if the index would have closed below this level today, then further downside was seen in the offing, say analysts.
"From the levels of 7800, the index has bounced sharply and has crossed a short-term falling trendline as well as the 40-Day Exponential Moving Average," said Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan Ltd.
"On the higher side, 8000-8030 will be the key resistance zone to watch out for. If the index manages to cross this hurdle on closing basis, then the index will have a significant upside potential for itself," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Facebook CEO s ambitious plan to connect India s villagesHi Guest
Facebook CEO's ambitious plan to connect India's villages
Seeing exponential growth potential for Facebook in India, its co-founder Mark Zuckerberg on Thursday said he will discuss with Prime Minister Narendra Modi ways to connect villages with the digital world. The CEO of the California-headquartered firm, who is on his first visit to India, said he is excited to help the government in its ambitious Digital India programme. "India is an amazing country with unlimited potential. It is a place of big ambitions and Facebook is deeply committed to the ...

Endo Intl to Buy Auxilium in Deal Worth $2.6BKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

Teslas latest earth-shattering  life-changing  epoch-defining announcement is coming. Heres what to look forGet excited. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma)
SHARE
John McDuling @jmcduling
October 9, 2014
“D” probably stands for driverless. Or dual-motor.  “Something else” could be either of those—or actually something else completely. Nobody knows for sure, but all will be revealed in a few hours.
Of course, I am referring here to Tesla’s big announcement, expected to happen later tonight, which CEO Elon Musk foreshadowed in a cryptic tweet last week.
About time to unveil the D and something else pic.twitter.com/qp23yi59i6
— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) October 2, 2014
There’s also speculation that Musk, in a frenzy of cross-brand promotion, will strap a Tesla onto a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket and demonstrate the vehicle’s zero-G capabilities and solar recharging panel in orbit. (Actually, I just made that up entirely. There is no such speculation.)
In any case, after some wild initial theories , the balance of opinion among analysts and observers points to dual-motor, or all-wheel-drive version of the Model S being announced. This capability would make the sedan easier to drive in parts of the US with colder weather in the winter months.
But this prediction is not unanimous. One analyst in the driverless camp, Trip Chowdhry of Global Equities Research, claims to have already seen a Tesla Model S fitted out with sensors and cameras in a parking lot near the company’s northern California headquarters (screenshots below).

Throw NCP out  Narendra Modi tells voters in Pawar familybastionComments
Narendra Modi said politicians who poke fun at people seeking water have no moral right to ask for votes.
Launching a blistering attack on NCP Chief Sharad Pawar and former Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar in their family’s bastion, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said politicians who poke fun at people seeking water have no moral right to ask for votes.
“Don’t you remember what he (Ajit Pawar) told you when you asked for water? It was only water you had asked for. It is unthinkable that such people become ministers, my head hangs in shame.
“They have no right to ask for votes. It is a matter of your prestige now. Throw them out,” Modi said addressing a poll rally at Baramati, the pocket borough of the Pawars, raking up an embarrassing episode involving Ajit Pawar, the NCP chief’s nephew.
Ajit Pawar, while ridiculing a farmer fasting for water had said at Indapur,”He has been fasting for the last 55 days. If there is no water in the dam, how can we release it? Should we urinate into it? If there is no water to drink, even urination is not possible.”
Pawar’s remarks had triggered an outrage, forcing him to tender an apology.
Equating Pawar family’s grip over Baramati to slavery, Modi said, “The nation became independent but Baramati is still yoked to slavery. Be it for job or water for farms, people have to seek permission from the uncle-nephew duo. Farmers cannot even sell their sugarcane crop without their nod.”
“Gandhiji shook the British empire with a handful of salt at Dandi. You don’t have to even use your fist to get freedom. What you need is a finger to press on BJP’s lotus symbol and freedom will be yours,” he said.
Modi said NCP’s election symbol clock symbolised their misdeeds.
“NCP’s clock (party symbol) is actually an eye opener. If you observe it closely you will find the clock is stuck at 10. It tells us that in 10 years, corruption has grown 10 times during their rule. Such politicians have no place in Maharashtra politics,” he said.
While Ajit Pawar is a sitting MLA from Baramati, Sharad Pawar won the seat five times in a row from 1991 to 2009 when he handed over the baton to his daughter Supriya Sule, who won the seat twice in 2009 and 2014.

Gross revenue of Indian telcos to reach $46-49 billion by2020The industry's overall gross revenues are expected to increase from USD 28 billion in 2013 to USD 46-49 billion in 2020.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 6:39 pm | Updated: October 21, 2014 2:05 pm
With increasing contribution from data, the overall revenue of Indian telecom operators is expected to reach USD 46-49 billion by 2020, Swedish equipment maker Ericsson said today.
“The industry’s overall gross revenues are expected to increase from USD 28 billion in 2013 to USD 46-49 billion in 2020,” Ericsson said in its white paper, ‘India 2020: Bringing the Networked Society to Life’.
The company said the revenue mix of Indian operators is expected to evolve to include a higher contribution from data- driven 3G and 4G services.
“Data revenues will represent an increasing proportion of the total, and are expected to rise from 10–12 per cent in 2013 to 35–40 per cent by 2020, driven by a growth in data subscribers as well as usage per subscriber,” it said. Other revenue from SMS, traditional value added services and new services is expected to remain stable at USD 2 billion over 2013-2020, it added.
“Smartphone prices are expected to fall by 40-50 per cent over the next three years. As a result, the number of subscribers able to afford smartphones and services are expected to reach over 700 million by 2020, up from 110 million in 2013,” Ericsson said.
The number of mobile broadband subscribers is expected to grow from 70 million in 2013 to 600 million subscribers in 2020 with 20 per cent of the mobile broadband subscriptions expected to be 4G in 2020.
 
The white paper stated that to fulfil the government’s vision for broadband-inspired growth, operators will need access to more spectrum from the government and will themselves need to build new network capabilities and new revenue models so that a viable, long-term strategy can be evolved.
“Heterogeneous networks with a mix of macro cell sites, small cells and Wi-Fi hotspots will be fundamental to manage coverage, capacity and quality of performance for users,” the firm said.
Ericsson said the increasing number of subscribers, the growing affordability of smartphones and the government initiatives such as the National Optical Fiber Network (NOFN) will drive internet connectivity in India.
“Broadband has the potential to help bring about inclusive growth in India by extending education, healthcare and financial inclusion to rural areas and lower income groups,” Ericsson India Head Chris Houghton said.

Chopper scam: Two ex-bosses of Finmeccanica cleared ofgraftPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 10, 2014 12:39 am | Updated: October 10, 2014 1:13 pm
An Italian court on Thursday acquitted former Finmeccanica CEO Giuseppe Orsi and former AgustaWestland head Bruno Spagnolini of “charges of international corruption” in the Rs 3,600 crore VVIP chopper deal with India. The court, however, convicted and sentenced them to two years in prison on the lesser charge of “false invoicing” in the case.
“Former Finmeccannica CEO Giuseppe Orsi and ex-AgustaWestland head Bruno Spagnolini were acquitted of charges of international corruption in relation to alleged bribes paid to land a contract to sell 12 helicopters to the Indian government,” Italian news agency Ansa reported. It said Orsi “was convicted of false invoicing… and sentenced to two years in prison, along with Spagnolini.”
On July 29, the prosecution had “shelved proceedings against Finmeccanica for alleged corruption in the sale to the Indian government of 12 AW-101 helicopters made by its AgustaWestland subsidiary”.
Ansa had then reported that “the prosecution found the company had nothing to do with the alleged corruption”. Quoting a statement by Finmeccanica, it said, “AgustaWestland has agreed to pay a fine, while reiterating it knew nothing about the alleged bribery.”
Earlier this year, India scrapped the contract with AgustaWestland for alleged breach of contractual obligations and charges of paying kickbacks, encashing bank guarantees adding up to Rs 240 crore. India has also barred Finmeccanica and its group companies from participating in Defence Ministry tenders.
Sources said the decision of the Italian court is not likely to affect the ongoing cases against the company in India, which are being probed by the CBI and the Enforcement Directorate. Former IAF Chief S P Tyagi is among the alleged beneficiaries.
While businessman Gautam Khaitan has been arrested in the case, among the others who have been booked are: Tyagi, his family members, European nationals Carlo Gerosa, Christian Michel and Guido Haschke, four firms — Finmeccanica, AgustaWestland and Chandigarh-based IDS Infotech and Aeromatrix, and two companies based in Mauritius and Tunisia.
On Thursday, ED opposed Khaitan’s bail plea in the Delhi High Court. “We have produced the Italian court order dated August 5, 2014, where the application for cancellation of arrest warrant of Gautam Khaitan has been declined and in that order, it has been discussed by Italian court how kickbacks were received in India,” said advocate Vikas Garg, special public prosecutor, ED.
The court reserved its order till October 13, and extended Khaitan’s judicial custody to October 21.
— With PTI, Milan

2G case: Kanimozhi  others oppose CBIs plea on additionalwitnessesPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 6:30 pm
DMK MP Kanimozhi on Thursday sought dismissal of a CBI plea seeking special court’s permission to summon some additional witnesses, including Enforcement Directorate Deputy Director Rajeshwar Singh, in 2G spectrum allocation case.
In her reply filed before Special CBI Judge O P Saini, who is exclusively holding trial in all 2G scam related matters, Kanimozhi said the agency has filed this application for summoning additional witnesses at a “highly belated stage” when the recording of evidence has already been closed.
“The present application (filed by CBI) has been filed at a highly belated stage,” she said in her reply, adding that the “application is liable to be dismissed”.
Kanimozhi and others, including former Telecom Minister A Raja and several top corporate executives, are facing trial in the 2G case for their alleged involvement.
During the day’s proceedings, Kalaignar TV MD Sharad Kumar, a co-accused in the case, also filed his reply on the CBI’s plea and sought dismissal of the application on the same ground — that it has been filed at a belated stage.
Some of the other co-accused in the case told the judge that they would not file written reply on CBI’s plea but will advance their arguments orally.
The court asked the defence advocates to file their replies, if any, by October 14 and fixed the matter for arguments on October 27.
The court had earlier issued notices to all the accused seeking their replies on CBI’s application after the agency had placed some new facts before the court.
The court had said it would hear the submissions of the accused before deciding on CBI’s plea.
CBI had moved the application seeking court’s permission to summon some prosecution witnesses and to place additional documents on record saying they were necessary to arrive at the truth.
Besides Rajeshwar Singh, CBI has sought permission to call ED’s Assistant Director Satyendra Singh, Under Secretary of Ministry of Information and Broadcasting Navil Kapur and bank official D Mani.
Apart from these four persons, the agency has sought to recall General Manager (Finance) of Kalaignar TV (P) Ltd G Rajendran, who had earlier deposed as a witness in the case, for further examination.
In its plea, CBI has said these persons were required to be examined as witnesses as some new facts have emerged in the investigation conducted by ED which had recently filed a separate charge sheet against 19 accused in a 2G scam-related money laundering case.
The court had earlier closed the defence evidence in the  case and had fixed the matter for November 10 for hearing final arguments.
Besides Raja and Kanimozhi, former Telecom Secretary Sidharth Behura, Raja’s erstwhile private secretary R K Chandolia, Swan Telecom promoters Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka, Unitech Ltd MD Sanjay Chandra, continued…

October lives up to reputation as  Rock-toberOct. 8
+274.83
What you will notice is that the Dow has closed up or down more than 200 points four of the six trading sessions this month. That by definition is a volatile market.
In early trading, the Dow’s yo-yo-like price action is again on display. The Dow is down more than 160 points, or 0.9%, to 16,831, following its best point gain of the year (+275 points) yesterday, which erased Tuesday’s 273-point decline.
At least one Wall Street seer blames the volatility on the uncertainty surrounding the Federal Reserve’s timetable for raising interest rates next year. That same market strategist also expects the wild price swings to continue.
“We continue to believe that the shift in U.S. central bank policy – from certainty to uncertainty – is at the center of this storm impacting equity markets as of late,” says Gina Martin Adams, senior analyst at Wells Fargo Securities. “While the strong reversal in stocks yesterday may offer a welcome ‘all clear’ technical signal for the short run, we continue to believe it is likely to be a rocky path to progress for equities this autumn. Thus, until the path to normalization becomes clear, stocks may continue to trade in a relatively volatile pattern.”

http://usat.ly/1w1f12yFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Jobless claims dip, monthly average at 8-year low
Applications for unemployment benefits fell to 287,000; the monthly average has fallen to an 8-year low, the government says.
Post to Facebook
Jobless claims dip, monthly average at 8-year low Applications for unemployment benefits fell to 287,000; the monthly average has fallen to an 8-year low, the government says. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vTmL96
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Jobless claims dip, monthly average at 8-year low
Christopher S. Rugaber, AP 8:42 a.m. EDT October 9, 2014
Job seekers sign in before meeting prospective employers during a career fair at a hotel in Dallas.
(Photo: LM Otero, AP)
9 CONNECT 43 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON — Slightly fewer Americans sought unemployment benefits last week, pushing the average number of applications in the past month to an eight-year low.
The Labor Department says weekly applications fell 1,000 to a seasonally adjusted 287,000 in the week ended Oct. 4. That is the fourth straight week that applications have been below 300,000, a clear sign of a job market on the mend.
The four-week average of applications, a less volatile measure, dropped 7,250 to 287,750, the lowest level since February 2006, nearly two years before the Great Recession began.
Applications are a proxy for layoffs. They have fallen 9 percent in the past month. That suggests employers are keeping their workers, likely because they expect continued economic growth and may be contemplating more hires.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vTmL96
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

Ireland Sells Bonds at Record-Low YieldKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

With Modianos Nobel Prize  the French continue to dominate the literary worldCrème de la crème.(Reuters/Ralph Orlowski)
SHARE
Adam Epstein @aepstein
October 9, 2014
Patrick Modiano, a French writer renowned for his novels about memory and identity, has been awarded the 2014 Nobel Prize in Literature . He’s the 11th French writer to win, the most of any other country.
Share
Tap image to zoom
And he’s the 14th winner to write in French, the most of any language other than English.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The permanent Secretary of the Swedish Academy—the organization that hands out Nobel prizes— said that Modiano  was honored for “the art of memory with which he has evoked the most ungraspable human destinies and uncovered the life-world of the occupation.”
Modiano is perhaps best known globally for his 1978 novel Rue des Boutiques Obscures (called Missing Person in the English version) about a detective who loses his memory, which won the Prix Goncourt .
The Nobel Prize in Literature has long been criticized for being too Eurocentric and possibly having an anti-American bias . American literary titans Cormac McCarthy and Philip Roth, among others, have yet to receive the award. Toni Morrison was the last American literature Nobel, in 1993.
In any case, this year America’s disappointment is France’s glory.
Share this:

India must act responsibly along the LoCIndia must act responsibly along the LoC
Iron ore output climbs 10%Iron ore output climbs 10%
Mahesh Kulkarni | Bangalore Oct 09, 2014 10:28 PM IST
The domestic production of iron ore has shown a positive trend during the first half of the current financial year, despite many mines being shut in Goa, Karnataka, Odisha and Jharkhand.  
The production touched 77 million tonnes between April and September, a growth of 10 per cent compared to 70 million tonnes a year ago, according to data compiled by OreTeam Research, a Delhi-based firm. For the year ended March, the production touched 152 million tonnes.
The mines ministry is yet to confirm the numbers. “We do not have official data on the production for the first six months. It is possible the production has gone up this year mainly in Odisha and in Karnataka to an extent," said Basant Poddar, senior vice-president, Federation of Indian Mineral Industries.
He expressed concern over the delay by the Karnataka government in giving approvals for the renewal of leases. Many mines are awaiting these, he said.
According to miners and analysts, the production has come largely from Odisha, Chhattisgarh and Karnataka during the first six months. “Odisha had done a considerable amount of production before the mines were closed after the Supreme Court order. State-owned NMDC has geared up for increasing its production both in Chhattisgarh and Karnataka," said Prakash Duvvuri, head of research at OreTeam.
NMDC has achieved 12.3 per cent rise in production at 14 million tonnes during April-September. Most has come from its Chhattisgarh mines. In Karnataka, 21 mines are working of 23 cleared by the Supreme Court panel.
During the first six months, about 11 million tonnes of iron ore has been produced and sold through the e-auctions.
The apex court has fixed a cap of 30 million tonnes for the state, whereas out of 115 mines in A and B categories, till now 23 mines were approved. However, two leaseholders - Sesa Sterlite and Balaji Produce Company - had to shut down their operations. Sesa Sterlite has shut down due to expiry of their working permit and Balaji Produce Co had to stop due to some dispute.
Recently, the apex court has approved the Karnataka government-owned Mysore Minerals Limited to start production and produce around 3 million tonnes per annum. MML has started its operations and it is expected to enter the e-auction platform in a month, official sources said.
The production from Karnataka is likely to touch 21-23 million tonnes in FY15 and cross 25-million tonne mark in FY16.

Madras HC dismisses PIL against Jayalalithaa s removal as CMThe petitioner had contended that Panneerselvam taking oath as CM was usurpation of office. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: October 9, 2014 4:17 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 4:25 pm
Madras High Court on Thursday dismissed a PIL challenging the change of guard in Tamil Nadu with the swearing in of Panneerselvam as Chief Minister after AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa was convicted in an illegal assets case.
A bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Justice M. Sathyanarayanan dismissed the PIL filed by an advocate, Prabhakaran, observing that he had no locus standi.
The petitioner had contended that Jayalalithaa, sentenced to four years imprisonment by a Bangalore court attracting disqualification as MLA under Representation of Peoples Act, had not attracted disqualification (as Chief Minister) and Panneerselvam taking oath as CM was usurpation of office.
Disqualification as a member of assembly would only result in the person losing the membership of the legislature and not the ministership, he had submitted.
The Supreme Court judgement (on disqualification) must be distinguished as being inapplicable to the ministers but being applicable only to the MLAs MPs and MLCs since according to the Constitution, the post of Chief Minister or the Prime Minister was different from that of membership of legislature.
The two posts are kept under separate chapter – Executive and not under Legislature – in the Constitution, he argued.
He also alleged the state Governor failed to act in consonant with the Constitutional provision as pronounced by the Constitutional Bench of Supreme Court wherein it had been stated that the Governor must obtain the opinion of Election Commission and shall act according to such opinion in matters of disqualification.
In the present case, the Governor did not consult anybody, no disqualification process was set in motion and no report was sent to the Centre or the President. Instead, in a “hurried manner without any due process of law” he had administered the oath of office to Pannerselvam.
The petitioner had prayed for a direction to declare Jayalalithaa as the Chief Minister based on the oath of Secrecy taken by her on May 16, 2014.

Icahn: Apple shares  massively  underpriced Activist Icahn agitates for more Apple share buybacks
By: Adam Shell October 9, 2014 9:09 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Carl Icahn (AP)
One of Wall Street’s most vocal activists, Carl Icahn, in an open letter to Apple’s CEO Thursday morning, said shares of the iPhone maker are “massively” undervalued and worth $203 a share, more than double its current price.
Icahn’s letter to Apple CEO Tim Cook also urged the company to buy back more shares. Apple, according to Icahn’s math, is sitting on $133 billion in cash.
See full story .
Apple shares closed Wednesday night at $100.80 and were up 73 cents to $101.53 in pre-market trading.
Icahn backed management, calling Cook the “ideal CEO.” He said now is a “very opportunistic time” for Apple to buy back more shares. Icahn noted that Apple shares are trading at just eight times its fiscal 2015 earnings estimates, which is “significantly lower” than the broad Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index’s P-E multiple of 15 times.
Given that Icahn says Apple, powered by the iPhone 6, can grow earnings per share at a 30% clip in 2016 and 2017, he said the shares deserve to be trading at 19 times earnings, which values Apple shares at $203 per share, he says.
The fact the stock is currently trading around $100 per share is an indication that the rest of Wall Street is not in full agreement with Icahn’s bullish forecast on Apple’s outlook. In fact, of 43 brokerages tracked by Thomson/First Call, the average price target for Apple shares now is $111.86, with the highest target $139 per share.
While Icahn did not specify the exact size or method of any share buyback plan, he urged Apple executives to “repurchase a lot more, and sooner.”
Share buybacks benefit existing shareholders, as earnings per share improve when divided by fewer shares in circulation on the open market.
 

http://usat.ly/1t4JKizOct. 8
+274.83
What you will notice is that the Dow has closed up or down more than 200 points four of the six trading sessions this month. That by definition is a volatile market.
In early trading, the Dow’s yo-yo-like price action is again on display. The Dow is down more than 160 points, or 0.9%, to 16,831, following its best point gain of the year (+275 points) yesterday, which erased Tuesday’s 273-point decline.
At least one Wall Street seer blames the volatility on the uncertainty surrounding the Federal Reserve’s timetable for raising interest rates next year. That same market strategist also expects the wild price swings to continue.
“We continue to believe that the shift in U.S. central bank policy – from certainty to uncertainty – is at the center of this storm impacting equity markets as of late,” says Gina Martin Adams, senior analyst at Wells Fargo Securities. “While the strong reversal in stocks yesterday may offer a welcome ‘all clear’ technical signal for the short run, we continue to believe it is likely to be a rocky path to progress for equities this autumn. Thus, until the path to normalization becomes clear, stocks may continue to trade in a relatively volatile pattern.”

http://usat.ly/Zu0n9JFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Report: NBC held talks with Stewart for Meet the Press
Jon Stewart as a serious TV network journalist? The comedian and host of The Daily Show is trending on Twitter Wednesday afternoon after New York Magazine published a report that he was approached by NBC News
Post to Facebook
Report: NBC held talks with Stewart for Meet the Press Jon Stewart as a serious TV network journalist? The comedian and host of The Daily Show is trending on Twitter Wednesday afternoon after New York Magazine published a report that he was approached by NBC News Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xqtVRr
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
20
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Report: NBC held talks with Stewart for Meet the Press
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 9:13 p.m. EDT October 8, 2014
Jon Stewart
645 CONNECT 100 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 20 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Jon Stewart as a serious TV network journalist?
The comedian and host of "The Daily Show" is trending on Twitter Wednesday afternoon after New York Magazine published a report that he was approached by NBC News for the job of hosting "Meet the Press."
The report, written by media reporter Gabriel Sherman and citing three anonymous sources, says NBC News president Deborah Turness held negotiations with Stewart and was prepared to compensate him handsomely.
"They were ready to back the Brink's truck up," a source told Sherman.
NBC News didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Chuck Todd, NBC News' political director, took the job and made his debut last month.
In August, Turness fired the show's previous host, David Gregory, and sought to overhaul the show to stem its sagging ratings.
Todd, who hosted "The Daily Rundown" on MSNBC, had been rumored to be Gregory's replacement as its tradition of grilling DC lawmakers would remain a key part of the show.
But some media critics called for a radically different approach and fresh segments to reinvigorate the brand. More than one cited "The Daily Show" as a model that could work in drawing younger audiences while retaining journalistic integrity. Turness apparently had the same idea.
NBC Entertainment also sought to hire Stewart several years ago for a 10 p.m. variety show, the report said.
Stewart took a break from the show last year to direct the film Rosewater, based on the book Then They Came for Me by Maziar Bahari.
645 CONNECT 100 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 20 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xqtVRr
USA NOW
Grand jury reaches decision in Ferguson case
Nov 24, 2014

Biggest aim is to provide employment to everyone in MP: CM06:00 pm
The Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Thursday said that his biggest aim is to provide employment to everyone in the state. Speaking at the inaugural of "Invest Madhya Pradesh - Global Investors Summit 2014" he said he wants to set up the micro small and medium enterprises in all villages villages and that is why the state is moving from agriculture to industry to MSMEs. 
Addressing a packed hall at Brilliant Convention Centre, Indore, the CM said that Narendra Modi-led government has allowed 49 percent foreign direct investment in defence and the government must now make a sincere effort to bring more and more employment into the sector.
The minister also spoke about the Land Acquisition Bill and said the state is working out scheme to ensure appropriate compensation for farmers who lend their lands.
Meanwhile, Chouhan said the state is committed to the passage of the goods and services act and has no objection to it.
RELATED NEWS

Secretary Kerry  UK Foreign Minister Deliver Remarks in BostonSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
AWAITING: Crowds Form Outside Ferguson Police Station as...
RADAR: Strong Storm Moves Across Midwest and...
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Oil-Covered Legos Doom Toy Deal With ShellMorning Money Memo:
Lego will end its decades-long toy marketing partnership with Shell after facing a widely circulated campaign from the environmental group Greenpeace. A YouTube video protesting arctic drilling attracted millions of page views. The Greenpeace posting showed an arctic landscape with Lego pieces covered in oil. Toy sets are now distributed to Shell gas stations in nearly 30 countries. Lego CEO Joergen Vig Knudstorp says today that the protest “may have created misunderstandings among our stakeholders,” adding Lego didn’t want to be embroiled in the protest campaign. Lego had kept a low profile over the Greenpeace campaign until the announcement it would not renew its 2011 promotion deal with the oil company. Greenpeace described Lego’s announcement as “fantastic news.”
Condo prices and apartment rents are rising faster than the rest of the housing market. The real estate firm Trulia says September condo prices rose 7.3 percent compared with the year before, versus 6 percent for single-family homes. Condo rents increased 6.9 percent, well above the general inflation rate. But home price increases are the smallest in several years and “we are not close to being back to a bubble,” Trulia Chief Economist Jed Kolko says. “Even though there’ve been big price increases over the past couple of years, today looks nothing like 2006, the height of the last housing bubble.”
A subsidiary of telecom giant AT&T will pay a hefty $105 million to settle federal government charges that the company unlawfully billed wireless customers for tens of millions of dollars in bogus charges, a practice known as cramming. The settlement involving AT&T Mobility includes $80 million in customer refunds and $20 million in penalties and fees to 50 states and the District of Columbia. In its complaint, the Federal Trade Commission said AT&T billed millions of customers for charges from third-party companies for services customers never asked to receive or were duped into subscribing to — things like horoscope texts or flirting tips. The fees, usually $9.99 a month, were not easy for customers to find on their bills. A penalty of $5 million will be paid to the Federal Communications Commission. In a statement, company spokesman Fletcher Cook said the settlement resolves “claims that some of our wireless customers were billed for charges from third-parties that the customers did not authorize.”
After a sharp drop on Tuesday the stock market had its strongest one-day gain of the year. The Dow Jones Index rose 275 points Wednesday or almost the same amount the average lost the day before. Investors gave a positive reaction to the latest minutes from the Federal Reserve. They eased concerns about an early interest rate hike. Fed policy makers expressed concerns that an economic slowdown overseas would have an impact on the US economy.
Timothy Geithner has defended terms of the government’s bailout of AIG – American International Group – saying the insurance giant’s exceptionally risky behavior caused losses that called for strict treatment. The former Treasury secretary, who headed the New York Federal Reserve when it extended a rescue loan in 2008, rejected the argument that the bailout was beyond the powers of the Fed. Geithner told a New York court that officials believed AIG’s dire financial condition was “substantially” the result of its management taking on excessive risk. AIG’s former chief executive, Maurice Greenberg, is suing the government over the terms of the bailout.
Shares of J.C. Penney fell nearly 11 percent after the retailer warned that its sales last month were weaker than expected. Penney is trying to recover from large losses and falling sales. The company kept its third-quarter and full-year earnings guidance unchanged. Separately, PepsiCo’s third-quarter profit rose 5 percent thanks in part to strong overseas sales and the company boosted its outlook for the year, sending shares toward an all-time high before the market opened this morning. Also, Gap has announced that Glenn Murphy will resign as its chairman and chief executive on Feb. 1, and the retailer will promote its digital leader Art Peck to CEO.
Richard Davies Business Correspondent ABC News Radio abcnews.com Twitter: daviesnow
 

Facebook Has No Near-Term Plan to Monetize WhatsApp: CEOfacebook has no near-term plan to monetize whatsapp: ceo
Cooperman: Market fully valuedcooperman: market fully valued
Indian American body welcomes Modi s swift action on PIO cardsIndian American body welcomes Modi s swift action on PIO cards
HUL appoints Kalpana Morparia as Independent Director on BoardHUL appoints Kalpana Morparia as Independent Director on Board
Aadhaar as address proof: Home Ministry concernedAadhaar as address proof: Home Ministry concerned
Asia Pacific Market: stocks gain after Fed minutes spur low rate betsAsia Pacific Market: stocks gain after Fed minutes spur low rate bets
India s GDP growth to pick up to 7% in FY17: CitiIndia s GDP growth to pick up to 7% in FY17: Citi
Stocks End Rough Week With a Rallystocks end rough week with a rally
Stocks: 3 things to know before the openStocks: 3 things to know before the open
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff October 7, 2014: 9:33 AM ET
Click chart for in-depth premarket data.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
It looks like it could be a down day.
Here are the three things you need to know before the opening bell rings in New York:
1. Ready for a decline: U.S. stock futures are shifting lower and markets across Europe are declining.
Investors are feeling disgruntled after new data from Germany -- Europe's largest economy -- showed industrial production took a big hit in August, declining by 4% compared to the previous month. This is the latest in a string of reports showing the German economy is sputtering .
The latest reading from the CNNMoney Fear & Greed index shows investors continue to feel extremely fearful. One month ago, the mood was neutral.
Related: Fear & Greed Index
2. Market movers -- Rio Tinto, Amazon, Container Store: Shares in the mining behemoth Rio Tinto ( RIO ) were rising by about 5.5% in London after it revealed that Glencore ( GLNCY ) had approached it about a mega takeover in July. Rio Tinto said it turned down the offer and the firms are no longer discussing the matter.
Watch Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ) trading Tuesday. The company is being investigated by European regulators for benefiting from a sweetheart tax deal in Luxembourg.
Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) is already being investigated for a similar tax arrangement in Ireland.
Shares in The Container Store ( TCS ) plunged in extended trading after the company's quarterly earnings report fell short of analysts' expectations.
3. Monday market recap: U.S. stocks closed in negative territory Monday. The Dow lost 18 points, the S&P 500 slid 0.2%, and the Nasdaq fell 0.5%.
First Published: October 7, 2014: 5:12 AM ET
Most Popular

The real cost of putting college on a credit cardBy Jonnelle Marte October 7 Follow @jonnelle
(Daniel Acker/Bloomberg)
Want to use your credit card to buy a $10,000 Hermès Birkin bag? You’ll pay the sticker price, provided you pay the balance in full to avoid any interest charges.
But if you want to use your credit card to pay off the last $10,000 of your college tuition bill, you might have to pay an additional $275.
Charging a tuition payment is a strategy some cardholders use to build up points or miles quickly. But many colleges and universities will tack on a “convenience fee” for such charges. Independent of the interest charge, the average convenience fee charged by schools is 2.62 percent, according to a new report by CreditCards.com.
The majority, or 87 percent, of the 300 colleges and universities surveyed by CreditCards.com accept credit cards under some circumstances. But most place restrictions on when cards can be used. Most commonly, schools only accept credit cards for payments made online. Others make the option available only to graduate students or ask students to go through a third-party vendor, according to the report.
Some schools charge convenience fees as a way to cover the processing fees they would owe to the credit card companies, says Matt Schulz, an analyst for CreditCards.com. Retailers, which also have to pay those processing fees, are usually able to incorporate those costs into the price of their products because credit card use is widespread, he says. But schools where a minority of students use plastic might not want to spread those costs to the rest of the student body.
The prevalence of  convenience fees varied based on the type of school. For instance, of the 100 largest community colleges surveyed, all accepted credit cards but only 12 percent charged a convenience fee. That may be because tuition costs are lower at community colleges than  at private universities, which may make it more common for students to pay with credit cards, Schulz says.
“The more these community colleges can eliminate barrier to payment, the more students they can attract,” Schulz says, adding that those schools with widespread credit card use may be able spread out those processing fees by including it in the cost of tuition.
In contrast, 90 percent of the public colleges and 69 percent of private universities that accept credit cards charge a convenience fee. With tuition bills being larger at those schools, it’s likely that credit card use is less common than it would be at a community college, Shulz adds. That means those schools may be less likely to spread those costs out among all students.
Three schools tied for charging the highest convenience fee of at 2.99 percent. The most common convenience fee, 2.75 percent, was charged by 77 of the schools. Nine schools charged a flat fee instead of a percentage.
So is it ever smart to use plastic to cover tuition costs? Only in rare cases. For instance, putting a tuition bill on a credit card can be an easy way to rack up reward points for families who were planning to write a check – but only if there is no convenience fee, says Greg McBride, chief financial analyst for Bankrate.com. The bills would also have to be paid in full immediately to avoid high interest charges.
It might also make sense for a student with a relatively minor tuition bill to use a credit card with a low interest rate if there is no convenience fee, Schulz says.
Most students, however, would be better off with a federal student loan, McBride says. Most college bills are large enough that students may struggle to pay them off before interest charges apply, he says. Federal loans tend to have lower interest rates, income-based repayment plans and loan forgiveness for people who  take public sector or nonprofit jobs.
Private loans come with less flexibility than federal loans when it comes to payment options, but some students may still benefit from longer repayment terms than they would get with a credit card.
“Even if you have a rock-bottom interest rate on a credit card,” he says, “I still don’t think that’s a viable way to go because of the benefits you’ll be giving up.”
Related:

Etihad Airways unveils new partnerships with six airlinesAbu Dhabi, October 8, 2014
Updated: October 8, 2014 19:53 IST
Etihad Airways unveils new partnerships with six airlines
IANS
economy, business and finance
Etihad Airways said that any airline can become an Etihad Airways partner even if it is part of an existing alliance, such as airberlin, which is a member of oneworld.
The United Arab Emirates’ (UAE) flagship carrier, Etihad Airways, Wednesday unveiled Etihad Airways Partners, a new brand which brings together like-minded airlines to offer customers more choice through improved networks and schedules and enhanced frequent flyer benefits.
The airline said that in the initial phase, six airlines would participate in the new partnership, including airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, India’s Jet Airways, and Darwin Airline.
Etihad Airways said that any airline can become an Etihad Airways partner even if it is part of an existing alliance, such as airberlin, which is a member of oneworld.
The key emphasis for Etihad Airways Partners is a strong commercial partnership and shared values.
“We are broadening our business model to articulate and define a partner proposition for like-minded airlines which will result in synergies and efficiencies for participating airlines on the one side, and enhanced network choice, service and frequent flyer benefits for the consumer on the other,” James Hogan, president and chief executive officer of Etihad Airways, said.
“The Etihad Airways Partners logo is a seal of excellence and global cooperation. It will be displayed on aircraft and on branded materials by a group of airlines working together to connect travellers around the world, and to increasingly harmonise standards in the air and on the ground,” he added
Hogan went on to say that Etihad Airways Partners differed from legacy airline alliances by offering benefits well beyond pure commercial cooperation.
“The potential for network alignment to maximise flight connectivity for passengers, together with a shared passion for superior service, are central to the ethos of the Etihad Airways Partners concept,” he said.
“Frequent flyers will benefit from the formation of Etihad Airways Partners as it will remove the complexity and confusion that exists within global alliances,” he added.
Etihad Airways Partners will also have access to economies of scale and operational synergies such as centres of excellence, shared sales teams in certain destinations, joint procurement of services and supplies, and shared pilot and cabin crew training at the Etihad Airways facilities in Abu Dhabi.

India-themed Funds Dominate in 2014 as Investors Cheer PM ModiGold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
London: Emerging markets have provided investors with the best and worst returns of 2014, with league tables of mutual fund performance showing India-themed vehicles dominating the top and Russia conspicuous at the bottom.
Mutual funds specialising in Indian stocks account for 25 of the top 30 performers out of more than 3,400 funds available for sale in the UK for the first nine months of 2014, according to data from Lipper, a Thomson Reuters company that tracks the asset management industry.
The BSE Sensex reached an all-time high on September 8 and by the end of the month, it had climbed more than 28 per cent from the start of the year. India-focused funds topping the league table have returned 40-50 per cent this year.
Much of this momentum was spurred by euphoria surrounding Prime Minister Narendra Modi's landslide election victory in May and his pro-business pledges to boost growth.
Avinash Vazirani, manager of Jupiter Asset Management's India fund, which ranked 12th after growing 37 per cent over the nine months to the end of September, says India's economy is set to enjoy a further lift in coming months from a weak oil price.
India imports most of its energy so a falling oil price will benefit the government's budget, boost the balance of trade and help curb inflation, in turn leading to possible interest rate cuts, he said.
"All of this is very positive for the economy. Add to that mix a new prime minister whose sole focus appears to be getting things done. He's actually realised what ails India is lack of execution," Mr Vazirani said.
In contrast, the bottom fifth of the performance rankings list is dominated by Russia-themed funds.
Russian assets have endured months of punishment from a triple whammy of Western sanctions in response to Moscow's role in the Ukraine crisis, an economy headed for recession and the impact of falling oil prices on its budget and balance of payments.
Nine of the bottom 10 funds are Russia-focused, losing between 20 per cent and 27 per cent over the period. The rouble-denominated MCX equities index is down around 7 per cent.
To some investors the contrasting performance of two 'emerging' countries highlights the folly of lumping together dozens of diverse economies in a single emerging markets category for the purpose of devising benchmarks.
"Rather than recognising the enormous nuances that exist between countries and corporations across the globe ... markets tend instead to boil everything down to simple binary choices," said Jan Dehn, head of research at emerging markets focused fund manager Ashmore Investment Management in London.
"The reality is that EM is now extremely diverse and nuanced. The challenges facing Russia today have absolutely nothing to do with anything happening in the Brazilian election. Optimism in India over the new Modi administration tells us nothing whatsoever about Erdogan's political agenda in Turkey."
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

RBI working on G-sec settlements in EuroclearRBI working on G-sec settlements in Euroclear
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 12:26 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is working towards allowing settlements of government bonds in the Euroclear system, the world's biggest securities settlement system, said the central bank's deputy governor, H R Khan, at an event here on Wednesday.
“We have this proposal of Euroclear. There is a budget announcement also on international settlement. We are working on that to see how we can balance between loss of liquidity in the local market, as well as providing ease of trading for overseas investors. Right now, it is only for gilts,” he said.
“The move will help improve acceptability of Indian bonds among FIIs (foreign institutional investors),” said Ashutosh Khajuria, president (treasury), Federal Bank.
Some also say RBI will have to eventually remove the FII limits in bonds towards this end. In July, RBI had raised FIIs' sub-limit in government bonds by $5 billion, after the existing $20 bn limit was almost exhausted. The overall limit was kept unchanged at $30 bn.
RBI is not considering further opening the external commercial borrowing (ECB) route in a major way. Last month, RBI had allowed foreign lenders to issue rupee-denominated loans to Indian companies abroad. “We have been cautious about opening the ECB sector. Bank for International Settlements has come out with a paper on how currency mismatches can create issues. If we open up too much, with people who don't have underlying currency to support that, then there is a problem,” said Khan.
He also said that capital account convertibility was not a determinant for foreign flows or exports to grow. “Most foreign investors are convertible in the capital account. Capital accounts not being fully convertible are not a cause for foreign flows to the country in a big way,” said Khan.
He said the foreign investment regime could be classified in three-and-a-half categories. There is capital brought by multinationals to set up manufacturing facilities or service sector facilities for the domestic as well as global market; capital brought in by professional investors, including venture capitalists; private equity funds for profitable and productive enterprises; capital brought by portfolio investors; and the half being long-term debt brought by direct equity holders.
RBI has been targeting lower inflation and less volatility in the exchange rate. “We have a role to play in terms of reducing external sector vulnerability,” said Khan.
In the past, RBI has relaxed the norms for automatic and approval route investments. Khan said some more liberalisation was likely. Also, T+2 settlement for FIIs in government bonds will soon be introduced. Currently, it is T+1. Any enhancing of the limits on government bonds will be gradual, he said.
RBI has been in the process of building foreign exchange reserves. “You have insurance against a future rainy day, intervention capability and image, and the showcase effect of having reserves that has full impact in the market,” said Khan.

Got $9 000 Social Media Site Caters to the Richgot $9 000 social media site caters to the rich
Handling of victims remains poses transmission riskBy Abby Ohlheiser October 8 Follow @abbyohlheiser
A Dallas hospital spokesman said Thomas Eric Duncan, the first Ebola patient diagnosed in the United States, has died. (AP)
Thomas Eric Duncan, the first Ebola patient diagnosed in the United States, died on Wednesday morning in Dallas . Now, for the first time, officials in America will take on the grim and dangerous task of handling the remains of an Ebola victim, a complicated procedure that can be a critical moment in stopping the transmission of the disease.
In a Wednesday statement, the Texas Department of State Health Services said it would follow federal guidelines in handling Duncan's remains. "We will continue to treat Mr. Duncan with dignity and respect, and we're taking great care to make sure there is no additional risk that others could be infected," health commissioner David Lakey said.
Health-care workers who treat Ebola patients and handle the remains those killed by Ebola face a substantial risk of catching the virus themselves if proper procedures are not followed. And the bodies of Ebola victims are even more contagious than living Ebola patients.
"When the person has just died, that is when the body is most contagious," World Health Organization spokesman Tarik Jasarevic told The Post in August . “It's when the virus is overtaking the whole body.”
Complicating that is the fact that late-stage Ebola infections can force blood, vomit and diarrhea from the body; those same fluids can pass the disease from person to person.
In August, shortly after an Ebola-stricken American doctor was repatriated to the United States for treatment, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued a new document: "Guidance for Safe Handling of Human Remains of Ebola Patients in U.S. Hospitals and Mortuaries."
The guidelines warn that  transmission can occur from a victim's remains to a living person through "laceration and puncture with contaminated instruments used during postmortem care, through direct handling of human remains without appropriate personal protective equipment, and through splashes of blood or other body fluids (e.g. urine, saliva, feces) to unprotected mucosa (e.g., eyes, nose, or mouth) which occur during postmortem care."
The CDC says that only workers wearing full protective equipment should handle the remains and recommends a series of procedures designed to keep contact to a minimum. Those include immediately wrapping the body in a plastic shroud, "in a way that prevents contamination of the outside of the shroud." That body must then be placed in two additional sealed bags, which are then decontaminated. That's all before any remains move to a morgue, or to a mortuary.
The guidelines also advise against autopsies and embalming the body, because of the risk of transmission inherent in either procedure. The CDC recommends cremation, or burial in a hermetically sealed casket, without removing the body from the sealed, decontaminated bags.
According to the Texas Department of State Health Services, Duncan's body will be cremated. "The cremation process will kill any virus in the body so the remains can be returned to the family," the department's statement said.
In West Africa, health officials have struggled to keep up with Ebola burials as the epidemic has raged out of control.
At least 3,857 people had died of Ebola in Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea through Sunday, according to the WHO . Earlier this week, several burial teams in Sierra Leone went on strike , saying that the government there had not paid their risk allowance.
Although the teams returned to work Wednesday, burial workers in Liberia are also considering a strike over pay and conditions, the Associated Press reported.
Burials have been problematic throughout the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history: As The Post noted in August , a combination of inadequate infrastructure, logistical issues, conflicts with Western health-care workers and burial traditions has contributed to widespread difficulties in containing the spread of the disease among mourners and those caring for the dead.
The Ebola crisis in Sierra Leone took on a new twist as several burial teams went on strike, raising the risk of more cases. The workers said the government had not paid their risk allowance in full in recent weeks despite the dangers of their work. (Reuters)

Experts say stocks will rise more in 2014Experts say stocks will rise more in 2014
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN October 8, 2014: 2:56 PM ET
Stocks still have some juice left for the rest of 2014, according to a CNNMoney survey of market strategists.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The stock market still has room to run this year, but expect it to finish with more of a saunter than a sprint.
That's the message from CNNMoney's quarterly survey of investment analysts. On average, they predict the S&P 500 will end 2014 a hair above the 2,000 mark.
That's good news because it implies a gain from where the market is today and an overall return of 8% for the year. The index of America's biggest companies currently stands at about 1,955.
But type-A personalities won't be entirely satisfied with this forecast. It's below the S&P 500's record close of 2,011 from in mid-September.
"The case for a gradual grind higher in equities is prevalent," wrote Scott Smith of the Cambridge Mercantile Group, who has a year end S&P 500 target of 2010.
Of course, the lurking hazards that could derail stocks aren't to be underestimated.
Geopolitical instability is foremost on investors' minds, with almost 40% of the strategists surveyed calling it the biggest market risk.
"Without a doubt, geopolitical concerns are the biggest near-term risk factor with the range of unknowns recently extended to US involvement in Syria and Iraq," said Fred H. Dickson, Chief Market Strategist of D.A. Davidson and Company. He said there are number of outstanding questions, such as "duration of conflict, ultimate military commitment by the US and coalition forces and probability of mission success."
Rising interest rates also worry the survey participants, but they're not making them overly anxious. About a fifth of those polled listed them as the most prevalent market risk.
Related: Wall Street is hurting ... sorta
The Federal Reserve has maintained its stance that it will keep interest rates near zero as long as necessary to support the economy, but signs that they will rise sooner than later have sparked negative market reactions in recent months.
Lofty stock prices don't seem to be raising any major red flags. A small portion (12.5%) of the strategists felt that stretched valuations posed the biggest threat to the market.
But beyond the immediate market ramifications, it's clear that Wall Street remains nervous about the economy as a whole. Exactly half of the respondents said Fed Chief Janet Yellen should be most concerned about the economic recovery.
"Let's make sure this isn't a false dawn," said Brian J. Jacobsen, Chief Portfolio Strategist of Wells Fargo Funds Management, referring to the general consensus that the American economy is improving even as some global economies falter.
 
Boo! October is often scary for stocks
The notion that the Fed has artificially inflated the stock market is less of an issue, with about 25% of those surveyed saying asset bubbles should be Yellen's greatest concern.
And inflation isn't keeping investors up at night. Just 12.5% of the analysts felt it should be Yellen's top priority.
Whether the midterm elections will impact the markets, the majority of the analysts said no.
"It will still leave us with a dysfunctional DC," said Art Hogan Chief Market Strategist at Wunderlich Securities. "I wish it was not the case, but it looks like more of the same."
First Published: October 8, 2014: 2:42 PM ET
Most Popular

IMF: Investors may lose $3.8 tn on  flare-upsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cyclone Hudhud to make landfall near Visakhapatnam coast by October 12 forenoonOct 09, 2014 at 12:09pm IST
Cyclone Hudhud to make landfall near Visakhapatnam coast by October 12 forenoon
32
0
New Delhi: Cyclonic storm Hudhud will cross the north Andhra Pradesh coast around Visakhapatnam by the forenoon of October 12, 2014. Hudhud has moved into a West-Northwestward direction from East Central Bay of Bengal and intensified into a severe storm. Cyclone Hudhud lay centred at about 750 km southeast of Gopalpur and east-southeast of Visakhapatnam near latitude 13.8ºN and longitude 89.0ºE at 8:30 am on October 9, 2014.
According to a bulletin issued by the India Meteorological Department the cyclonic storm would continue to move West-Northwestwards and intensify further into a very severe cyclonic storm during the next 24 hours.
The Met Department has issued a warning for north Andhra Pradesh coast and south Odisha. These areas will witness heavy rainfall. Under the influence of the system, rainfall at most places with heavy (6.5 - 12.4 cm) to very heavy falls (12.5 - 24.4 cm) at a few places and isolated extremely heavy falls (= 24.5 cm) would occur over east Godavari, Visakhapatnam, Vijayanagaram and Srikakulam districts of north coastal Andhra Pradesh and south Odisha from the evening of October 11 onwards. Rainfall would occur at most places with heavy to very heavy rainfall at isolated places over remaining districts of Andhra Pradesh and north coastal Odisha during the same period.
The wind speed would increase to 130-140 kmph gusting to 155 kmph from October 12 morning along and off north Andhra coast.
#cyclone hudhud #cyclonic storm #andhra pradesh #odisha
Squally wind speed reaching 50-60 kmph gusting to 70 kmph would commence along and off north Andhra Pradesh and south Odisha coasts from the morning of October 11 onwards. The wind speed would increase to 130-140 kmph gusting to 155 kmph from October 12 morning along and off north Andhra coast and 80-90 kmph along and off south Odisha coast.
Sea condition would be rough to very rough from October 11 morning. It would gradually become phenomenal from October 12 morning onwards along and off north Andhra coast and very rough to high along and off south Odisha coast.
Storm surge of about 1-2 meters above astronomical tide would inundate low lying areas of east Godavari, Visakhapatnam, Vijayanagaram and Srikakulam districts of north coastal Andhra Pradesh at the time of landfall.
Under the influence of system, extensive damage to kutcha houses is expected. Partial disruption of power and communication lines is also likely while minor disruption of rail and road traffic may take place. There is a potential threat from flying debris and flooding will also take place in some area.
The Met has also warned fishermen against venturing into the sea and asked for suspension of fishing operations in area of influence of cyclone. People in affected areas should remain at safe places around landfall period.
23

Rahul: why is Modi silent on LoC violationspolitics
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi launched a frontal attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his ‘silence’ on the ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
Speaking at an election rally in Mahad, his first in Maharashtra, Mr. Gandhi also taunted Mr. Modi for sharing a traditional swing with Chinese President Xi Jinping when thousands of Chinese troops were intruding into the country. “Pakistan has been repeatedly violating the ceasefire. The Prime Minister is saying nothing. Before the elections he spoke a lot.
“It’s easier to talk than to act. During the Lok Sabha poll campaign, our PM said Pakistan and China would be taken care of. Pakistan is violating the ceasefire and killing innocents, but our PM is not even saying anything.”
Mr. Gandhi said thousands of Chinese infiltrated into Ladakh when Mr. Modi and the Chinese President were relaxing in Gujarat. “Our PM couldn’t ask him a single question.”
The Congress leader said the BJP was good only at marketing. “The entire nation watches when he picks up a broom. But nobody saw China’s encroachment,” he said.

Yet another godman faces rape charges  Karnataka HC orders probeOct 09, 2014 at 12:20pm IST
Yet another godman faces rape charges, Karnataka HC orders probe
40
0
Bangalore: Another godman is under scrutiny on rape charges after the Karnataka High Court asked the CID to go ahead with its investigation of the head of the popular Ramachandrapura Mutt in Shimoga district of the state. Raghaveshwara Bharati Swami faces rape charges from a devotee who is also the wife of one of the mutt's administrative officers.
The victim and her daughter had filed a complaint against him in August after which the state government had ordered a Criminal Investigation Department (CID) probe into the allegations. The victim had alleged she had been raped many times over the last three years and had been under duress to not make it public with threats that her daughters will be harmed.
However, when matters reached its height, she filed a complaint against the godman. However, Swami had approached the High Court to quash the FIR against him alleging that it was a conspiracy. However, on Thursday, the High Court dismissed his petition, saying there are no grounds to quash an investigation.
Raghaveshwara Bharati Swami faces rape charges from a devotee who is also the wife of one of the mutt's administrative officers.
#bangalore #godman #ramachandrapura mutt #shimoga
The HC said that CID could go ahead and interrogate him and also arrest him if there was a need. The case comes on the heels of two other godmen, Aasaram Bapu and Nithyananda, facing similar allegations.
"The High Court has said cannot quash it. The victim had alleged she had been raped many times over the last three years," State public prosecutor BT Venkateah said.
The victim has already sent a detailed complaint to the President Pranab Mukherjee seeking justice. In her complaint, she made serious allegations against the local court which sent her to jail, instead of directing the police to probe the godman.
Some local organizations are alleging that powerful elements are trying to protect the swamy, who faced similar charges even in 2010.
Raghaveshwara Swamy is close to the Bharatiya Janata Party and many top party leaders including former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa are his followers.
70

Sensex zooms 400 points; Nifty gains over 100 pointsSensex zooms 400 points; Nifty gains over 100 points
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 01:50 PM IST
Benchmark indices are trading 1.5% higher each in the late noon trades on sustained buying by retail and fund investors in bank shares. 
 
At 1.50 PM, the 30-share Sensex is up 408 points at 26,655 and the 50-share Nifty has gained 119 points at 7,962.
 
Banking shares are trading higher by up to 9%, extending their previous day’s upward move on the bourses, after the World Bank said Indian economy is set to grow by 6.4% in 2015-16 as against 5.6% in 2014-15.
 
Federal Bank, Bank of India, Andhra Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, Allahabad Bank, Canara Bank and Union Bank of India has rallied more than 3% each, while State Bank of India, Punjab National Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank up 2-3% on National Stock Exchange (NSE).
 
ICICI Bank, HDFC twins, SBI and Axis Bank are trading higher between 2-3% on the BSE.
________________________________________________________________-
(updated at 1 pm)
Benchmark indices are trading 1% higher each in the noon trades led by gains in financial and oil shares. In addition, strength in the global markets and appreciating rupee have boosted the sentiments of the market participants.
 
At 1 PM, the 30-share Sensex is up 254 points at 26,501 and the 50-share Nifty has gained 75 points at 7,918.
 
Foreign funds were net sellers in equities to the tune of Rs 1,441 crore on Wednesday, as per provisional data on the stock exchanges.
 
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices are up over 1.4% each.
 
Market breadth is strong with 1,811 gainers and 821 losers on the BSE.
 
Asian Markets:
 
Japan's Nikkei share average fell on Thursday as concerns about a resurgent yen, which hit stocks of exporters, erased early gains stemming from optimism over the Federal Reserve's dovish position on interest rates.The Nikkei fell 0.8 percent to 15,478.93, its lowest close in five weeks.
 
However, other Asian shares surged and the dollar skidded on Thursday after minutes of the U.S. Federal Reserve's latest policy meeting showed concerns about downside risks of a stronger dollar and the global economy. Hang Seng, Straits Times and Shanghai Composite gained between 0.2-1%.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee firmed up further from initial gains against the US greenback, gaining 35 paise to 61.05 per dollar today on persistent selling of the American unit by banks and exporters amid bearish dollar overseas and rallying domestic equities.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, all sectoral indices are trading in green. BSE Realty index is the top gainer up over 2% followed by BSE Capital goods, Healthcare, Oil & Gas, Metal and Power indices trading higher between 1-2%. Bankex is up 1.6%. 
 
In the metal pack, Hindalco is the top gainer of this hour up 5% as global rival Alcoa Inc's earnings beat forecasts, propelled by higher aluminium prices.
 
Hindalco expects similar earnings performance from its overseas subsidiary Novelis Inc, which is the world's largest producer of rolled aluminium products. Following the tandem, Sesa Sterlite and Tata Steel are up 1% each.
 
Pharma shares which witnessed selling pressure following reports of US Congress prive probe also rebounded and were trading with gains. Dr Reddy's Labs and Sun Pharma are up between 1-1.5% .
 
Cipla has climbed 1.6%% after the company said Medpro Pharma has entered into a tie up with Teva Pharmaceuticals affiliate to exclusively sell Teva products in South Africa. Medpro Pharma is a subsidiary company of Cipla Medpro.
 
Among the technology stocks, Infosys rebounded from Wednesday's nearly 5% drop following a downgrade by Citigroup. The stock is trading over 0.5% higher ahead of its second quarter earnings due tomorrow. TCS is also up 0.7% while Wipro is trading with marginal gains.
 
Financials shares have firmed up on the back of encouraging growth forecast from IMF. HDFC, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank and SBI are up between 1-2.5%.
 
Shares of oil companies are gaining on the back of declining Brent crude prices. Reliance Industries has gained 1.3% and ONGC is up nearly 2%. 
 
Capital goods shares are among the top gainers. L&T has extended its yesterday’s rally of 2.3%  and is up 1.6% after the company said its wholly-owned subsidiary L&T Technology Services received approval from the Competition Commission of India to acquire the engineering business of US-based Dell Product and Process Innovation Services. Meanwhile, Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) has rallied 5% to Rs 210 on NSE after state-run company said it has bagged EPC (engineering, procurement & construction) contract worth of Rs 7,800 crore for setting up a 1,320 MW thermal power project in Tamil Nadu.
 
On the flip side, M&M, NTPC, Bajaj Auto and ITC are some of the prominent losers on the BSE down between 0.2-0.5%.
 

Firms in Russia serfs to Putin  warns ex-allyBusinessmen are ‘serfs’ in Putin’s Russia, warns Sergei Pugachev
By Catherine Belton and Neil Buckley in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab541ee8-4e4c-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India manufacturing  services growth lags China in Sep: HSBCE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Swiss black money issue: Indian  Swiss officials to meet soonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Xi Jinping s campaign against  hedonism  saves $9 billion  sacks  phantom staffprint
China’s crackdown on corruption and focus on government austerity in the last one year has saved nearly $ 9 billion in public funds, official statistics have revealed.
Over 162600 “phantom staff” on the government payroll were sacked under the campaign to cut down government expenditure.
 “Phantom staff” refer to those who were being paid government salaries without working for the government. (The statistics however did not reveal how long the scam was going on.)
Nearly 8200 members of the Communist Party of China (CPC) and officials were also punished for abusing their power and misusing public funds.
State media hailed the achievements as part of President Xi Jinping’s much-publicised “mass line” campaign under which Party members were expected to strengthen their links with citizens and clean-up their style of working.
According to state media, the campaign was a fight against “formalism, bureaucracy, hedonism and extravagance”.
A large number of corruption cases involving high-ranking officials were eroding the trust that the general public had in the Party, the leadership feared; many such corruption cases were exposed online by whistle-blowers.
On Wednesday, Xi addressed a nationwide teleconference marking the end of the campaign but said it was the just the beginning of the fight against corruption and for strengthening CPC discipline.
Xi was quoted by official news agency Xinhua as saying that the campaign had “enhanced the Party's prestige and image among the populace; Party members and the people become more cohesive”.
State media released a flurry of statistics to hail the success of the campaign.
Reports said more than 100000 people had “voluntarily handed over illicit money or gift cards worth 520 million Yuan during the campaign”.
“More than 114,000 government vehicles have been canceled and over 96,000 officials have been refused overseas visits. In addition, 457 luxury entertainment clubs in historical buildings and parks have been shut down and are looking for other business model,” the report added.
The official statistics shared are probably an indicator of the wide ranging corruption challenge that Xi’s government faces.
It remains to be seen how long and how far Xi carries the campaign forward. Or whether the end of the “mass line” drive also means a gradual withdrawal of large-scale anti-corruption campaigns.

Indian sugar mill defaults on bank loans  others may followE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM on ceasefire issue: Responded with courage |  Pak to pay  unaffordable  priceArun Jaitley
("Issues like ceasefire…)
NEW DELHI: In view of Pakistan's continuing ceasefire violations, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said, "We have responded with courage to ceasefire violations."
"Issues like ceasefire violations should not be a matter of debate for political gains," stressed PM Modi. On Wednesday, Modi had said, "everything will be fine soon" amid the government's assertion that India is giving a "massive" reply to the "totally unprovoked" shelling by Pakistan and will continue to do so unless the other side stops. "Everything will be fine soon," Modi had said on being asked about ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
Earlier today, Defence minister Arun Jaitley accused Pakistan of carrying out 'unprovoked attacks. "If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable," he said.
Jaitley said. "Our forces have been doing a commendable job in the face of these unprovoked acts of aggression by Pakistan. Pakistan in these attacks has clearly been the aggressor but it must realise that our deterrence will be credible," Jaitley hit out.
Accusing Pakistan, Jaitley said, "There have been a series of ceasefire violations all unprovoked by Pakistan. These have mostly been on the international border and some have been at the line of control also. The international border has never been an issue at all and most of these violations are occurring at the IB. India is a responsible state. It is never an aggressor but at the same time, it has a paramount duty to defend its people and its territory."
"Our armed forces, particularly the army and the BSF in this case have only one option that is to respond adequately, defend our territory and our people," he added.
India and Pakistan traded heavy mortar and gun fire along the international border with Pakistani troops targeting 60 outposts and 90 villagers overnight in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts, leaving eight persons, including three BSF jawans, injured.
(With inputs from PTI)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Early Diwali on D-Street! Sensex adds 390 pts; rally to sustainEarly Diwali on Dalal Street? Sensex rallies over 400 points
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 04.45PM IST
Tags:
Analyst
(Most analysts on the Dalal…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex galloped by as much as 442 points in trade on Thursday to snap its three-day fall, after the US Federal Reserve in its latest policy meet last night reassured investors that the central bank is in no hurry to raise interest rates.
Most analysts on the Dalal Street see this more of a pull-back rally from key support levels and the bounce looks very much sustainable considering the fact that cyclicals are now leading the rally.
Apart from technical factors - some analysts even call this a pre-Diwali rally, which may push the Nifty index to a fresh record high of levels above 8300.
"The Indian markets zoomed above 400 points in trade, led by a smart rally seen in cyclical stocks. Being in the festive season, the current rally can also be seen as a pre-Diwali rally, which may push the Nifty to an all-time high level of 8315," said A K Prabhakar, Independent Market Expert.
"The only dampener could come from the outcome of the Assembly election. Otherwise this rally will be led by banks, metal & cap goods," he added.
The S&P BSE Sensex finally closed 390.49 points higher at 26637.28 and the Nifty ended 117.85 points higher at 7690.55 on Thursday.
Overnight, the US stocks ended higher by over 1 per cent with major indexes posting their biggest one-day jumps of 2014. Tracking gains on the Wall Street , both the Asian and European stocks duly followed suit.
"I believe that the S&P 500 has bottomed out yesterday and that is leading to a bottoming out of all markets. Dollar index seems to have topped out for the moment and chances are that we have begun a new upswing," said Ashwani Gujral , Fund Manager , Ashwanigujral.com.
"An upswing is possible and we can make a new high because this low of about 7820 was higher than the previous low. So basically people should reassume long positions because clearly cyclicals are leading this rally," he added.
Gujral is of the view that whenever cyclicals lead the market, generally the moves on the indices are stronger. So it still remains a market that should be bought.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs), which have been the backbone of over 25 per cent rally seen in the BSE Sensex so far in the year 2014, became net sellers in the past couple of weeks.
FIIs have sold net equities worth Rs 2172.90 crore in the last five trading sessions, while domestic institutional investors (DIIs) remained net buyers.
"After yesterday's horrible trading session, Thursday is a big relief. I would like to see that FII flows now continue to get positive," said Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com.
"Yesterday we had a big negative number (FIIs sold equities worth Rs 1440.99 crore. So, as long as the liquidity flows continue to be negative, that would be the only break for this upside," he added.
Technically, the Nifty found support near 7800 where there was a falling trendline support. The level of 7840 was largely seen as a trend reversal level and if the index would have closed below this level today, then further downside was seen in the offing, say analysts.
"From the levels of 7800, the index has bounced sharply and has crossed a short-term falling trendline as well as the 40-Day Exponential Moving Average," said Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan Ltd.
"On the higher side, 8000-8030 will be the key resistance zone to watch out for. If the index manages to cross this hurdle on closing basis, then the index will have a significant upside potential for itself," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Re ends day at 61.05 vs $; hit day s high of 60.90You are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Rupee ends day at 61.05 versus US dollar
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 05.03PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Extending its rising streak…)
MUMBAI: The rupee closed the day at 61.09 against the US greenback, after gaining 50 paise to 60.90 per dollar in intraday trade. This was on the back of persistent selling of the American unit by banks and exporters amid bearish dollar overseas and rallying domestic equities.
The rupee had resumed higher at 61.13 per dollar as against yesterday's closing level of 61.40 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange ( Forex ).
In the New York market, the US dollar languished at a two-week low against its major rivals in early trade, having fallen for a third straight session minutes after the US Federal Reserve's last policy meeting which prompted markets to push out the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Persistent Systems opens Appian BPM Center of Excellence in ColumbusPersistent Systems opens Appian BPM Center of Excellence in Columbus
Enraged Pakistan opened fire after Asian Games hockey loss  say BSF sourcesOct 09, 2014 at  04:54pm IST
Enraged Pakistan opened fire after Asian Games hockey loss, say BSF sources
87
0
New Delhi: In the light of relentless ceasefire violations along the Line of Control and the International Border, BSF sources have said that Pakistani forces started firing soon after India defeated Pakistan to win gold in Asian Games on October 2.
BSF sources have also informed that deployment on the Pakistan side is increasing even as India has issued it's toughest warning yet to Pakistan.
Defence Minister Arun Jaitley warned that if Pakistan continued unprovoked firing, they would not be able to bear the cost of this adventurism.
#ceasefire violation #pakistan #india #asiad hockey
BSF Director General G DK Pathak met Home Secretary Anil Goswami on Thursday to discuss the disturbing development.
On the other side, Sartaj Aziz, the advisor to Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, told CNN-IBN that it is India that is indulging in unprovoked firing. The Paksitan National Security Council is likely to meet on Friday.
Sources have said that Nawaz Sharif is under pressure to put an end to the firing at the earliest.
Sources have also informed that Pakistani Rangers did not expect the level of retaliation shown by BSF personnel. India's deployment at the International Border, too, is double to that of Pakistan.
150

French author Patrick Modiano wins 2014 Nobel Prize for LiteratureOct 09, 2014 at  05:17pm IST
French author Patrick Modiano wins 2014 Nobel Prize for Literature
23
0
The Nobel Prize in Literature for 2014 has been awarded to the French author Patrick Modiano 'for the art of memory with which he has evoked the most ungraspable human destinies and uncovered the life-world of the occupation'.
Patrick Modiano, born on July 30, 1945 in suburb of Paris is son to a businessman father and actress mother. Having left school, he studied at Lycée Henri-IV in Paris, where his teacher in geometry was Raymond Queneau, a writer who was to play a decisive role for his development. Already in 1968, Modiano made his debut as a writer with La place de l'étoile, a novel that attracted much attention.
Modiano's works centre on topics such as memory, oblivion, identity and guilt. The city of Paris is often present in the text and can almost be considered a creative participant in the works. Rather often his tales are built on an autobiographical foundation, or on events that took place during the German occupation. He sometimes draws material for his works from interviews, newspaper articles or own notes which he has accumulated over the years. His novels show an affinity with one another, and it happens that earlier episodes are extended or that persons recur in different tales. The author's home town and its history often serve to link the tales together. A work of documentary character, with World War II as background, is Dora Bruder (1997; Dora Bruder, 1999) which builds on the true tale of a fifteen-year old girl in Paris who becomes one of the victims of the Holocaust. Among the works which most clearly reveal an autobiographical character one notes Un pedigree from 2005.
Patrick Modiano, born on July 30, 1945 in suburb of Paris is son to a businessman father and actress mother.
#nobel prize #literature nobel #patrick modiano #nobel prize
Some of Modiano's works have been translated into English, among them Les boulevards de ceinture (1972; Ring Roads : A Novel, 1974), Villa Triste (1975; Villa Triste, 1977), Quartier perdu (1984; A Trace of Malice, 1988) and Voyage de noces (1990; Honeymoon, 1992). His latest work is the novel Pour que tu ne te perdes pas dans le quartier (2014). Modiano has also written children's books and film scripts. Together with the film director Louis Malle he made the feature movie Lacombe Lucien (1974), enacted during the German occupation of France.
10

Teachers  recruitment scam: Delhi HC summons OP Chautala over CBI s plea against his bail21
0
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court has directed former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala to personally appear in court on Friday in connection to the CBI's plea for cancellation of his bail. The High Court has lashed out at the CBI for not informing the court about alleged violations of bail conditions by Chautala earlier.
The 79-year-old Indian National Lok Dal chief was convicted and sentenced to 10 years in jail in a teachers' recruitment scam case last year. A special CBI court on January 22, 2013, had convicted and sentenced Chautala, his son Ajay and eight others to 10 years in jail for their role in the illegal recruitment of 3,206 junior teachers in the year 2000.
Chautala, who was granted bail to undergo medical treatment, had allegedly violated its terms by participating in election rallies. Sources in the CBI said that they had approached the High Court as Chautala had violated the terms and conditions.
The Delhi HC has directed Om Prakash Chautala to personally appear in court on Friday in connection to the CBI's plea for cancellation of his bail.
#teachers’ recruitment scam #haryana assembly elections 2014 #high court #cbi
Ironically, Chautala is seen repeatedly speaking out against corruption in the Congress government in Haryana even though he himself stands jailed for 10 years on corruption charges.
In its petition, the CBI has prayed for immediate cancellation of bail of Chautala and sought his return to jail.
39

Gross revenue of Indian telcos to reach $46...Chris Houghton
(With increasing contribution…)
NEW DELHI: With increasing contribution from data, the overall revenue of Indian telecom operators is expected to reach $46-49 billion by 2020, Swedish equipment maker Ericsson said today.
"The industry's overall gross revenues are expected to increase from $28 billion in 2013 to $46-49 billion in 2020," Ericsson said in its white paper, 'India 2020: Bringing the Networked Society to Life'.
The company said the revenue mix of Indian operators is expected to evolve to include a higher contribution from data- driven 3G and 4G services.
"Data revenues will represent an increasing proportion of the total, and are expected to rise from 10-12 per cent in 2013 to 35-40 per cent by 2020, driven by a growth in data subscribers as well as usage per subscriber," it said.
Other revenue from SMS, traditional value added services and new services is expected to remain stable at $2 billion over 2013-2020, it added.
"Smartphone prices are expected to fall by 40-50 per cent over the next three years. As a result, the number of subscribers able to afford smartphones and services are expected to reach over 700 million by 2020, up from 110 million in 2013," Ericsson said.
The number of mobile broadband subscribers is expected to grow from 70 million in 2013 to 600 million subscribers in 2020 with 20 per cent of the mobile broadband subscriptions expected to be 4G in 2020.
The white paper stated that to fulfil the government's vision for broadband-inspired growth, operators will need access to more spectrum from the government and will themselves need to build new network capabilities and new revenue models so that a viable, long-term strategy can be evolved.
"Heterogeneous networks with a mix of macro cell sites, small cells and Wi-Fi hotspots will be fundamental to manage coverage, capacity and quality of performance for users," the firm said.
Ericsson said the increasing number of subscribers, the growing affordability of smartphones and the government initiatives such as the National Optical Fiber Network (NOFN) will drive internet connectivity in India.
"Broadband has the potential to help bring about inclusive growth in India by extending education, healthcare and financial inclusion to rural areas and lower income groups," Ericsson India Head Chris Houghton said. In order to achieve and deliver Digital India vision, government and industry need to actively partner to tackle the constraints of limited spectrum availability and device affordability, Houghton added.
Ericsson India Vice President and Head of Strategy and Marketing Ajay Gupta said: "Mobile broadband will be the platform on which Digital India vision can be delivered. For this we will need the release of additional spectrum in the relevant bands. This will contribute to affordability of services and harmonisation of spectrum will allow a lower-cost device ecosystem to evolve."
  The paper proposes that the government's broadband penetration target of 600 million connections by 2020 can be achieved if sufficient spectrum is made available in a timely way in globally harmonised bands.
"Additionally, industry and government must work together to ensure contiguity of spectrum to deliver higher bandwidth per user," it said.
Ericsson added that the availability of sub-USD 50 handsets, accelerated and streamlined spectrum allocation process, differentiated 3G and 4G networks based on high speeds, attractive data packages and good user experience will be critical to driving demand in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian steel manufacturing firms eye Chinese...Indian steel manufacturing firms eye Chinese technology
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 06.00PM IST
Tags:
Chinese technology
(Indian and Chinese businesses…)
BEIJING: Top Indian steel manufacturing firms are eyeing Chinese technology and low-cost equipment as India's steel capacity is expected to soar in the next 15 years, driven by growth in infrastructure construction in the the country.
"We will need Chinese equipment and technology suppliers for our steel industry's growth, since China has a mature steel industry after decades of development," said T V Narendran, managing director of Tata Steel.
India now has 80 million metric tons of steel production capacity and it is expected to grow to 300 million tons in the next 15 years in tandem with the pace of economic development as the country embarked on massive expansion of infrastructure.
China is now facing severe overcapacity in the steel industry, which has been hit by weak demand and continued losses.
Narendran said India's steel industry will continue to grow on the strength of the government's decision to focus on infrastructure construction.
"For Chinese steel companies facing overcapacity problems in their domestic market, it can be a good idea to invest in India," said Narendran, adding that India's steel market is open to foreign investors.
Indian and Chinese businesses looked to enhance tie ups specially in the back drop of improved relations as well as high profile visit of Chinese President, Xi Jinping to India during which China has committed USD 20 billion investments to build two industrial parks as well as modernisation of railways.
The Chinese equipment stated to be cheaper compared to other countries may have good chance to play a big part in the high cost Indian steel manufacturing expansion.
It costs about USD one billion to add one million tons of capacity, and equipment accounts for 30 per cent of that cost, which means India will create a market valued at USD 66 billion for steel production equipment in the next 15 years, the Daily report said.
"Normally, India's steel companies buy equipment from Europe. Since many European companies are producing in China, we can purchase directly from China in the future," Narendran was quoted as saying by state-run China Daily in Jamshedpur.
Tata Steel will strengthen its sourcing relationship with China in the next few years, the report said.
Narendran said about 10 percent of the company's equipment - mostly coking ovens and reheating furnaces - comes from Chinese suppliers, and Tata Steel's intention is to increase the amount to 30 to 40 percent in the next three to five years.
"To achieve that goal, we will form a team of 10 to 15 people, based in Beijing or Shanghai, to source in China," Narendran said.
In the past 20 to 25 years, China's infrastructure construction developed rapidly, which created huge demand for steel and brought a "golden age" for China's steel mills, he said.
"India is an important partner for China in the manufacturing and infrastructure sectors, where China has rich experience and excess capacity," James Zhan, president of Tata Group China told the Daily.
"China's capital and capacity offers potential cooperation opportunities for the two countries," Zhan said.
However, investing in India's steel industry is not an easy task.
Zhan said land acquisition is one of toughest areas during investment, and it can take a very long time to accomplish.
  "It is even a tough problem for Tata Steel, not to mention Chinese companies," he said.
And language is also an obstacle as most senior executives of Chinese companies still depend on translators, which brings difficulties in the practical work, Zhan said.
Xu Lejiang, chairman of Baosteel Group, one of China's biggest steelmakers, said that India will follow a path similar to China's in terms of industrialisation, which means growing steel demand from India in future years.
He said that against the backdrop of excess steel capacity in China, it is feasible for Chinese steel companies to expand overseas.
Developing regions, including the Middle East, Africa, Southeast Asia and Eastern Europe all offer potential opportunities for Chinese steel investors, he said.
Facing weakening domestic demand, most Chinese steel companies have experienced big growth in exports this year.
During the first eight months, China exported 56.4 million tons of steel products, up 34.3 percent year-on-year.
Net steel exports grew to a record high, rising 42.7 percent to 49.72 million tons, according to the China Iron and Steel Association.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US jobless claims fall  point to labor marke...US jobless claims fall, point to labor market strength
By Reuters | 9 Oct, 2014, 06.40PM IST
0
Share More
"The labor market is entering into a potential boom," said Joseph LaVorgna, chief US economist at Deutsche Bank in New York.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits fell last week to nearly its lowest level since before the 2007-09 recession, a sign of growing steam in the US labor market.
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits dropped 1,000 to a seasonally adjusted 287,000 in the week ended Oct. 4, the Labor Department said on Thursday.
The data adds to the view that some strength is building in the US economy.
"The labor market is entering into a potential boom," said Joseph LaVorgna, chief US economist at Deutsche Bank in New York .
Still, Federal Reserve officials remain concerned about persistently low rates of inflation and are not seen in a rush to hike interest rates.
Claims for the prior week were revised to show 1,000 more applications received than previously reported.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast claims rising to 294,000 last week.
Jobless claims have fallen steadily since the nation emerged from the recession and are currently lower than they were before the country's economic crisis began. Indeed, the level of claims last week was just 8,000 above a 14-year low reached in July.
The four-week moving average of claims, considered a better measure of labor market trends as it irons out week-to-week volatility, fell 7,250 to 287,750, its lowest level since 2006.
Prices for US government debt held on to modest gains following the publication of the data. On Wednesday, prices had risen after minutes from the Fed's last policy meeting showed policymakers were concerned by a strong dollar and a global economic slowdown, which led investors to bet the Fed would delay interest rate hikes. US stock index futures were little changed after Thursday's data was released.
The Labor Department said there were no special factors influencing the state level claims data.
The report showed the number of people still receiving benefits after an initial week of aid dropped 21,000 to 2.38 million in the week ended Sept. 27.

LT eyes infrastructure assets listing in IndiaOct 09, 2014, 06.20 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
L&T eyes infrastructure assets listing in India
Mumbai-based Larsen initially wants to list assets valued in the "low" hundreds of millions of dollars, R Shankar Raman said, after deciding against an earlier plan to list the assets in Singapore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
L&T eyes infrastructure assets listing in India
Mumbai-based Larsen initially wants to list assets valued in the "low" hundreds of millions of dollars, R Shankar Raman said, after deciding against an earlier plan to list the assets in Singapore.
Post your opinion here
 
Industrial conglomerate  Larsen and Toubro Ltd is exploring a listing of its infrastructure assets including toll roads in the local market via a newly created investment trust, its chief financial officer told Reuters.
Mumbai-based Larsen initially wants to list assets valued in the "low" hundreds of millions of dollars, R Shankar Raman said, after deciding against an earlier plan to list the assets in Singapore.
"If we can list these assets without the foreign exchange risk, then obviously we would prefer to do it," he said, adding the company needed clarity on some tax issues before moving ahead with it.
India cleared the way for the country's first infrastructure trusts as well as so-called real estate investment trusts in July by announcing tax benefits, allowing developers to monetize their assets through a stock exchange listing.
Larsen had tapped investors earlier this year for a listing of its infrastructure assets in Singapore - in a deal sources familiar with the matter said could have raised up to USD 800 million - but did not move ahead with the plan.
Larsen stock price
On November 24, 2014, Larsen and Toubro closed at Rs 1668.75, up Rs 3.20, or 0.19 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1774.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 951.60.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 63.52 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 26.27. The latest book value of the company is Rs 362.41 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.60.
RELATED NEWS

Disproportionate assets case: Jayalalithaa moves SC for bail23
0
Chennai: Former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday moved the Supreme Court seeking bail in the disproportionate assets case. The AIADMK chief was denied bail in the Rs 66.65 crore case by the Karnataka High Court earlier this week.
The 66-year-old has been in jail ever since she was convicted in the case by a Bangalore court on September 27. She, along with her key aide Sasikala and two others, were sent to four years in prison.
While Jayalalithaa was asked to pay Rs 100 crore as penalty, Sasikala and others were fined Rs 10 crore each.
Jayalalithaa pleaded before the top court that she had been sentenced only for four years in the case and that she was also suffering from various ailments as grounds for her immediate relief.
She said as Chief Minister she did not misuse her powers in this case.
The former Chief Minister also cited grounds of being senior citizen and woman for getting out of jail.
In her petition seeking immediate bail, Jayalalithaa maintained that the charge of amassing wealth against her during 1991-96 when she was the Chief Minister for the first time was false and that she had acquired property through legal means.
She also contended that the trial court had overlooked several judgements and not considered the binding nature of various income tax orders and decisions of the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal, which had accepted the income and the level of expenditure pleaded by her.
There "are no grounds" to give bail to Jayalalithaa, the High Court had said. Corruption amounts to "violation of human rights" and leads to economic imbalance, the court had said.
The HC also rejected the bail pleas by Jayalalithaa's close aide Sasikala and her relatives VN Sudhakaran, disowned foster-son of the former Chief Minister, and Ilavarasi, who
have also been sent to four years in jail in the 18-year-old case.
With additional information from PTI
24

Andhra Pradesh: Limestone mining lease to Jagan Reddy s company declared  lapsed5
0
Hyderabad: Dealing another blow to YSR Congress President YS Jaganmohan Reddy, the Andhra Pradesh government on Thursday officially declared as "lapsed" the limestone mining lease granted to his Saraswathi Power and Industries Limited in Guntur district of the state.
The then YS Rajasekhara Reddy government had in May 2009 granted the 30-year lease to Saraswathi, in which Jagan is a director, for extraction of limestone in an area of 613 hectares spread over three villages, for setting up a cement plant.
The Director of Mines and Geology reported to the state government in August 2011 that the mining lease has lapsed as it was "not working" and "kept idle" against relevant rules. The government also served a show cause notice to the company in February 2012 asking why the mining lease should not be cancelled in view of non-fulfillment of conditions.
The Director of Mines and Geology reported to the state government in August 2011 that the mining lease has lapsed as it was "not working" and "kept idle" against relevant rules.
#andhra pradesh #andhra pradesh government #limestone #ys jaganmohan reddy
The company did not respond but the government in June 2012 issued a second notice. Though the company replied to the second show cause notice, the Director of Mines reported that it was "not satisfactory".
"There was no request for extension of time and no efforts have been made by the company for establishment of cement plant near the lease-hold area despite lapse of five years," Industries Principle Secretary JSV Prasad said in an order on Thursday.
"After duly following due procedure under the rules and keeping in view the complete failure of the company to fulfil the mining lease conditions, the government hereby declares the mining lease held by Saraswathi Power and Industries Limited, officially, as lapsed under Rule 28 (1) of Mineral Concession Rules with effect from August 20, 2011," Prasad said.
He said that the company failed to establish the cement plant for captive purpose and also failed to furnish environmental clearance from Union Ministry of Environment and Forests.
"It should be noted in this regard that mineral wealth is the wealth of the nation and should be put to use for public good. Government gave the mining lease for the company to do mining scientifically and use the raw material to set up a cement plant.
"Such a plant would generate revenue for the state by way of taxes, employment for local people and boost the overall economy of the region besides industrialising the area. None of these objectives could be achieved due to the abject failure of the company," the Principal Secretary observed.
0

Isis regains momentum in Kobani battleWest pushes for Turkish intervention to save Kobani
By Borzou Daragahi in Cairo and Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c6d59230-4fa2-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 victim found with oxygen mask: DutchMinisterNone of the other victims of the fatal crash that killed all 298 on board was wearing an oxygen mask. (Source: Reuters photo/file)
Agence-France Presse | The Hague | Posted: October 9, 2014 7:04 pm
One of the people on the Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 shot down in Ukraine in July was found wearing an oxygen mask, the Dutch foreign minister and prosecutors said, raising the possibility that some passengers might have known their plane was doomed.
“You know that somebody was discovered wearing an oxygen mask and had time to put it on,” Foreign Minister Frans Timmermans told a talk show on national television late on Wednesday.
Dutch prosecutors confirmed on Thursday they were investigating after the oxygen mask was discovered draped around the person’s neck.
“How and when the mask ended up around the victim’s neck  is unknown,” the prosecutors stressed.
“The Dutch Forensics Institute examined the mask looking for fingerprints, saliva and DNA, but the probe has not revealed any result,” they said in a letter to victims’ families which was published online.
None of the other victims of the fatal crash that killed all 298 on board – 193 of them Dutch – was wearing an oxygen mask, they added.
The Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 was shot down on July 17  while flying over insurgent-held territory in conflict-wracked eastern Ukraine.
The findings of an initial report by a Dutch-led team of air crash investigators appear to back up claims that the plane was hit by an anti-aircraft missile.
Kiev and the West have accused Moscow-backed separatists of shooting it down with a surface-to-air BUK missile supplied by Russia. Moscow denies the charge and has pointed the finger back at Kiev.
Forensics experts suspended their search for bodies due to clashes between Kiev and the pro-Russian rebels near the crash site northeast of Donetsk, but said they hoped to return once the fighting died down.
Timmermans, the new incoming vice-president of the European Commission, today said he regretted making the announcement before victims’ families had been informed by prosecutors.

Ericsson bags 4G network deal from BhartiAirtelAirtel has selected Ericsson for FDD-LTE network.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 6:55 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 7:00 pm
Swedish telecom gear firm Ericsson today said it has signed a LTE or 4G network deal with country’s largest mobile operator Bharti Airtel.
The company, however, refused to share more information on the deal including the financial and circle details.
“Airtel has selected Ericsson for FDD-LTE network,” Ericsson India Head Chris Houghton told reporters here.
He refused to comment when asked which circle the deal has been signed for.
Bharti Airtel won 1,800 MHz spectrum in 15 circles including metros Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata. The Sunil Bharti Mittal-promoted firm plans to launch pan-India 4G network using 1,800 MHz.
Airtel had also won broadband wireless access (BWA) or 4G spectrum in 2,300 MHz frequency band in four telecom services areas of Kolkata, Maharashtra, Punjab and Karnataka in 2010. It later acquired Qualcomm, which had 4G spectrum in New Delhi, Mumbai, Haryana and Kerala.
The company already offers 4G services using TDD LTE technology on 2,300 Mhz band in Ludhiana, Mohali, Bangalore, Kolkata, Pune, Chandigarh and Panchkula.
4G mobile Internet technology provides download speeds of around 100 Megabits per second (Mbps) on the move and it can go up to 1 Gigabits per second (Gbps) at a fixed location.

West Bengal: NIA to probe Burdwan blast155
1
Burdwan/Kolkata: The Centre on Friday handed over the the Burdwan blast case to the National Investigation Agency (NIA).
Two suspected terrorists were killed and another sustained injuries in an explosion at a Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader's house in Khagragarh in Burdwan town from where grenades, rocket launchers, bomb making equipment and 'jihadi' documents were found on October 2.
The CID said they were associated with Jamat-ul-Mujahideen of Bangladesh and other militant organisations.
Two suspected terrorists were killed and another sustained injuries in an explosion at a Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader's house in Khagragarh in Burdwan.
The investigators are trying to find where the explosives recovered from the Khagragarh house were supposed to be sent.
Four persons, including two women, have been arrested in connection with the blast.
Sheikh Hakim alias Hasan Saheb from Lalgola in Murshidabad district, who was injured in the blast, was arrested. Hafez Mollah alias Hasan, Rajira Bibi alias Rumi, widow of the suspected terriost Shakil Ahmed who died in the blast and Amina Bibi, Hasan Saheb's wife, were also arrested.
With additional information from PTI
69

ISRO to launch third IRNSS satellite on October 16Oct 09, 2014 at 06:41pm IST
ISRO to launch third IRNSS satellite on October 16
21
0
New Delhi: ISRO will launch the third of seven satellites of its ambitious navigation system IRNSS on October 16, the space agency said on Thursday.
IRNSS-1C, the third satellite of the Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System (IRNSS) will be launched with the help of Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV-C26) on October 16, ISRO said.
The launch window of the mission opens at 1.32 AM and last till 1.47 AM. The lift-off is scheduled at the opening of the launch window at 1.32 AM.
IRNSS-1C, the third satellite of the Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System (IRNSS) will be launched with the help of Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV-C26)
#isro #irnss #navigation satellite
The final phase of checks is in progress to carry the 1,425 kg satellite.
"The Mission Readiness Review (MRR) Committee and the Launch Authorisation Board (LAB) met on October 7 to review the progress of prelaunch activities and cleared the launch for October 16.
"The 67 hour countdown for the mission will commence at 6.32 AM on October 13," ISRO said in a statement. IRNSS is an independent navigation satellite system developed by India to provide accurate position information service to users in India.
4

Communication gap between DDA  DTC on millennium depot is embarrassing: HC5
0
New Delhi: The Delhi High on Thursday termed as "embarrassing" the "communication gap" between DDA and DTC regarding shifting of the 50-acre millennium bus depot from its current location on the banks of Yamuna in New Delhi.
Observing that both authorities are at "loggerheads" in view of the accusations and counter-accusations being levelled against each other, Justice VK Shali requested the Lieutenant Governor (L-G) to convene a meeting of officials concerned to resolve the issue.
"The fact of the matter is that there is a certain communication gap between the government organisations. L-G is requested to convene a meeting of concerned officials. Needful be done within six weeks from date of communication of order," the court said and listed the matter for hearing on February 11, 2015.
DTC said the site at Sarai Kale Khan is being used for training drivers by the transport department and was to be shifted to Narela but the same has not been done yet.
#dtc #dda #najeeb jung #millennium bus depot
"All these accusations and cross accusations. It looks very embarrassing that the departments responsible are at loggerheads," the court observed.
While the Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) said the only site, for relocation, that has been handed over to it is in Rohini where the access road is non-motorable, Delhi Development Authority (DDA) has opposed the contentions.
DTC said the site at Sarai Kale Khan is being used for training drivers by the transport department and was to be shifted to Narela but the same has not been done yet.
DDA said it has already handed over to DTC three sites at Sarai Kale Khan, Narela (for shifting driver training institute) and Rohini to facilitate shifting of the depot and only the site at Karkari More near Anand Vihar in New Delhi is left to be given.
The authority also said the road to the Rohini site is motorable and there is at present no need for metalling it till the depot is shifted there.
DTC, which is facing contempt proceedings, has to vacate the millennium bus depot by October 31.
1

US Stocks Open Slightly Lower After a Big GainKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

How Spains bloody history gave it the worlds highest concentration of elevatorsOctober 9, 2014
When you think about Spain, the first thing that pops into mind is undoubtedly one word: Elevators.
No? Well, maybe it should be.
Compared to other countries, Spain’s elevator supply looks remarkably, well, elevated.
Share
Tap image to zoom
At face value, there’s a pretty simple reason why. Spaniards are some of the world’s pre-eminent apartment-dwellers. In 2012, roughly 65% of the population lived in apartment buildings, much higher than the euro-area average of 46%. (The only other European countries that compare to Spain in terms of apartment-living are Latvia and Estonia, which are both also around 65%.)
Share
Tap image to zoom
That seems straightforward enough, except when you consider the fact that unlike many of the other big apartment-dwelling nations, the Spanish don’t rent. They own. In fact, only Ireland has as high a rate of homeownership, and yet only 5% of the Irish live in flats.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Spain hasn’t always been such a hotbed of homeownership. In fact, well into the 1950s, less than half the population owned their homes. That jumped to more than 80% over the next half century.
How? Largely through the muscular policy of Francisco Franco, the dictator who ruled Spain from the end of the civil war in 1939 until his death in 1975.  As we know, one of the many lasting side effects of wars  is ugly housing shortages . The Spanish Civil War, which was an awful warm-up to World War II, was no different.
Tap image to zoom
Returning to Madrid, May 1939.(AP Photo)
Before the hostilities began, Spain had had an influx of rural migrants into the cities. That resumed after the war, exacerbating a shortage of housing.
 We want a country of proprietors, not proletarians. 
Meanwhile, in an effort to short up popular support, the Franco regime instituted heavy-handed regulations on the rental sector, starting with the Urban Tenancy Law of 1946. As a Spanish central-bank economist, Juan Mora-Sanguinetti,  wrote in 2011  (pdf):
The interventions were severe. The tenant’s protection against eviction was unlimited. Even close relatives of the tenant were able to succeed him as tenants in the same dwelling and benefiting from the same conditions. With respect to rents, the Law established fixed one-time increments in the rent paid for apartments leased before 1939 and freezed [sic] the rents in respect of all new contracts.
Overly restrictive regulation made it difficult for landlords to earn profits on their properties, discouraged maintenance, and deterred additional building. Housing quality deteriorated sharply and the supply of housing continued to run short.
By the 1950s, the government recognized it needed to shift its stance. “We want a country of proprietors, not proletarians,” Franco’s housing minister famously said in 1957.
Tap image to zoom
(New Left Review |Isidro López | Emmanuel Rodríguez)
Under the new policy, the government incentivized landlords to begin selling their properties to their tenants at very low prices. Sales took off, and new legislation followed  (pdf, in Spanish) codifying propriedad horizontal, or joint ownership—what in America would be called a condominium. Economists Anna Cabré and Juan Antonio Módenes wrote in 2004  (pdf):
“The law created a legal basis for massive investment in new buildings that would be sold by individual flats and apartments. Movement to the cities, high employment, the virtual absence of urban land use regulations and norms, and skyrocketing inflation did the rest. Rural migrants brought their savings and invested them in stone (or should we say concrete?). Young couples bought cheap and comparatively small apartments in new areas of the expanding cities. Middle-aged families left the historical centers and improved their standard of living by acquiring new and better-quality flats. And steady employment at inflated wages helped all of them pay their mortgage. In a matter of years, homeownership had become the goal of most Spaniards.”
It’s worth noting that the UK undertook a similar program of turning over decrepit, government-owned “council housing” and transforming its tenants into owners during the Thatcher years. But that—see the second chart above again—didn’t turn Brits into a nation of flat-dwellers.
Perhaps the key to understanding Spanish housing patterns is to look beyond the Franco regime’s rules on renting to its economic policies overall. In the first two decades after the Civil War, Franco tried to run the country as a totally independent economic entity, closed to trade— an autarky . Under such a system, which was government-dominated, agricultural land usage was of paramount concern.
Share
Tap image to zoom
In part because of that, city growth period was hemmed in by planners in order to help preserve nearby agricultural land . “In Spain compact, dense urbanization has been favored,” wrote Módenes, a lecturer in human geography at the autonomous University of Barcelona, in an email to Quartz.
Top-down planning gave rise to relatively high-density urban building, often by politically connected construction companies in a building boom that stretched from the 1960s into the late 1970s.
“The dominant form of this housing was estates (apartment complexes) with over 1,000 dwellings,” wrote then Harvard academic Eric Belsky and colleague Nicolas Retsinas, in a paper on the Spanish housing market  (pdf) back in 2004. “These estates replaced many of the shantytowns that developed near cities like Barcelona and Madrid in the late 1940s and early 1950s.”
Thus was the modern Spanish city born.
So, given its autocratic origins, it’s hard to argue that Spaniards chose apartment living. But it now seems to suit them fairly well. Spaniards spend no more than the average on shelter—roughly 20% of their disposable income—yet 94% of them say they’re satisfied with their current housing situation, one of the highest satisfaction ratings in the OECD and well above the 87% average.
In fact, some argue that the Spanish might, if anything, be too comfortable staying in their current homes. The flip side of Spain’s sky-high homeownership rate tends to be a relatively  low rate of labor mobility  (pdf), since it makes matching would-be workers to open positions more difficult. And that make it all that much tougher for the country’s battered economy to recover.
Share this:

IndiGo to take 12 Airbus A320s on lease from TigerairIndiGo to take 12 Airbus A320s on lease from Tigerair
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 07:14 PM IST
No frills airline IndiGo, which reported it sixth annual profiit in fiscal 2014, will take on lease 12 Airbus A320 planes from Tigerair to support its expansion plan.
Currently, IndiGo has 81 Airbus A320 planes and the airline operates some 500 flights daily. Between December 2012 and now it has added 15 aircraft.
In 2005, IndiGo placed an order for 100 Airbus A320s followed by another order for 180 planes (150 A320neos and 30 A320s) in 2011. This is the first time that IndiGo is taking planes on sub lease from another airline
Growing competition in domestic market with the revamp of Jet Airways and entry of two new domestic airlines -AirAsia and Vistara (still to commence operations) has led IndiGo to aggresively expand its fleet.
Singapore-based Tigerair announced today it has reached an agreement with IndiGo for subleasing of its 12 planes.
The airline said the 12 planes will be progressively delivered to IndiGo over a period of six months commencing October 2014. Each aircraft will be subleased for between three and four years at a discount to the original lease rates, Tigerair said.
Most of these aircraft were previously operated by Tigerair Philippines and Tigerair Mandala and had been returned to the group upon its divestment of Tigerair Philippines in March 2014 and Tigerair Mandala’s cessation of operations in July 2014.
Last month IndiGo signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC) for financing of 30 Airbus planes valued $ 2.6 billion. The airline did not disclose when it will complete induction of the 30 planes.

Cox & Kings to raise Rs 1 200 crore to reduce debtCox & Kings to raise Rs 1,200 cr to reduce debt
BS Reporter | Mumbai: Oct 10, 2014 12:21 AM IST
Tour operator Cox & Kings plans to raise Rs 1,200 crore this financial year to trim debt.
The company board on Thursday approved plans to raise funds through the issuance of equity shares, convertible bonds or qualified institutional placement route.
Cox & Kings has a debt of Rs 4,200 crore and over a third of it was drawn to finance the purhase of UK travel company Holidaybreak in 2011.
The company has been aiming to reduce its finance cost and in June, it sold Holidaybreak’s camping division to French travel company Homair Vacances for about Rs 892 crore. Cox & Kings said it would use the proceeds to retire a portion of its debt before maturity.
In FY14, the company incurred Rs 323 crore in finance cost. The Indian operations contribute about 25 per cent of the company’s consolidated revenue and the balance comes from overseas business. In the last financial year, the company reported consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization of Rs 1,100 crore and Holidaybreak’s share was about Rs 400 crore.

Chinese in Spain race up economic ladderChina’s migrants thrive in Spain’s financial crisis
By Tobias Buck in Madrid
Entrepreneurs rely on family support to scale the economic ladder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8d02554-3e93-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Haryana government did not present full facts on Vadra deal:BJPPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 7:31 pm
After Election Commission rejected its complaint against Haryana government on Robert Vadra’s land deal, BJP on Thursday charged the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government with not presenting full facts of the case before the poll panel.
The party also charged the Haryana government with “speaking in two voices” in the case and hiding full facts in their haste to grant all approvals to Sonia Gandhi’s son-in-law before the Congress government was voted out of power.
“I am constrained to observe that in view of the highly suspicious circumstances a very legitimate conclusion can be drawn that all the facts perhaps they have not disclosed to the Election Commission after BJP made a complaint,” Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said.
He said no one in the world could justify that a Rs 7.5 crore land could turn into a Rs 58 crore deal within a few months, alleging that Vadra’s company Skylite Hospitality had not only sold the land but also the licence for developing a colony granted to it by Haryana government.
“Haryana government knew that they are losing out and that is why they tried to validate this land deal. But truth has a very uncanny habit fo appearing and reappearing, at times with conclusive evidence,” he said while reading out letters of Haryana Financial Commissioner to EC and that of Gurgaon Deputy Commissioner on July 16, and charged Haryana government of “speaking in two voices” on ownership of Vadra’s land.
“The BJP would like to know that when the Financial Commissioner of Haryana furnished a report to the EC, why they were conspicuously silent about the order No 1684-86 of July 16 by the Deputy Commissioner, Gurgaon,” he said.
BJP had petitioned the EC alleging that there was violation of the Model Code of Conduct by Haryana government in clearing the land deal between Robert Vadra and real estate major DLF, which was rejected by the poll body on Wednesday.

Kozhikode: Nine gets life term in moral policing murdercasePrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Posted: October 9, 2014 7:21 pm
Nine persons were sentenced to life imprisonment in connection with a sensational moral policing murder case. The other day, additional district sessions court in Kozhikode had found them guilty of murdering a youth, on charges of having relation with a woman.
According to the prosecution, Shahid Bava, 26, of Kodiyathur village in Kozhikode, was brutally assaulted after he was returning from the house of a woman in the late night of November 9, 2011.
A 15-member gang, which waited outside the woman’s house, tied the youth to an electric post and hit him with rods and sticks. The gang did not allow the local people to take him to hospital. Finally, police took him to hospital, but Bava died three days after.
Delivering the verdict, judge S Krishnakumar observed that people don’t have the right to punish a person on charges of a moral crime. The mob slapping moral crime on a person and punishing him for the same would destroy the judicial system in the country, the court observed.
The court ordered that the first, third and fourth accused should pay a fine of Rs 25,000 each and other convicted persons pay Rs 50,000 each. The family of the victim should be given Rs 2 lakh as compensation.
Police had found that the accused gang, which acted as moral police in their village, had maintained secrete relationships with many women. This was revealed in the scrutiny of the mobile phone call details of the accused.
A few of the accused had harboured a grudge towards Bava alleging that he had attempted to hit them with his car. They conspired to trap Bava in a moral case. The fourth accused, an auto driver, took Bava to the house of the woman late night. After dropping Bava at the house, the auto driver alerted others, who were waiting outside the house. When Bava returned from the woman’s house, the gang pounced on him. After tying him to an electric post, they savagely attacked the youth.
The prosecution had arraigned 15 persons as the accused. One of them is still absconding. Of the 14 accused, the court acquitted five.
Deceased Bava, working in Gulf, was on a leave. The woman was a housewife and mother of a girl.

Kozhikode: Nine gets life term in  moral policing  murder casePrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Posted: October 9, 2014 7:21 pm
Nine persons were sentenced to life imprisonment in connection with a sensational moral policing murder case. The other day, additional district sessions court in Kozhikode had found them guilty of murdering a youth, on charges of having relation with a woman.
According to the prosecution, Shahid Bava, 26, of Kodiyathur village in Kozhikode, was brutally assaulted after he was returning from the house of a woman in the late night of November 9, 2011.
A 15-member gang, which waited outside the woman’s house, tied the youth to an electric post and hit him with rods and sticks. The gang did not allow the local people to take him to hospital. Finally, police took him to hospital, but Bava died three days after.
Delivering the verdict, judge S Krishnakumar observed that people don’t have the right to punish a person on charges of a moral crime. The mob slapping moral crime on a person and punishing him for the same would destroy the judicial system in the country, the court observed.
The court ordered that the first, third and fourth accused should pay a fine of Rs 25,000 each and other convicted persons pay Rs 50,000 each. The family of the victim should be given Rs 2 lakh as compensation.
Police had found that the accused gang, which acted as moral police in their village, had maintained secrete relationships with many women. This was revealed in the scrutiny of the mobile phone call details of the accused.
A few of the accused had harboured a grudge towards Bava alleging that he had attempted to hit them with his car. They conspired to trap Bava in a moral case. The fourth accused, an auto driver, took Bava to the house of the woman late night. After dropping Bava at the house, the auto driver alerted others, who were waiting outside the house. When Bava returned from the woman’s house, the gang pounced on him. After tying him to an electric post, they savagely attacked the youth.
The prosecution had arraigned 15 persons as the accused. One of them is still absconding. Of the 14 accused, the court acquitted five.
Deceased Bava, working in Gulf, was on a leave. The woman was a housewife and mother of a girl.

With a bullet: Putin  Germany and paper airplanesEMAIL
(Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
Russia is now a feudal system where businessmen are only nominal owners of their assets, says Sergei Pugachev, once so close to President Vladimir Putin that he was known as “the Kremlin’s banker.”
German exports tumbled 5.8% in August , the latest in a string of bad reports from what was Europe’s strongest economy.
Housing prices in London have fallen for the first time in four years.
The U.S. budget deficit fell by nearly a third during fiscal 2014 to $486 billion as federal revenues grew far faster than spending, the Congressional Budget Office said on Wednesday.
Manufacturing wages are rising in some states, as demand grows and skilled laborers become harder to find . Biggest jumps were in Texas, Oregon and Washington.
Allergan, maker of Botox and object of Valeant’s affection, boosted its earnings outlook for the third quarter and the long term.
Bill Gross has left Pimco, but he hasn’t taken much of the $23.5 billion that left the company in September. The Janus Unconstrained Bond fund, which Gross now manages, got $66.4 million last month, says Morningstar.
Fidelity Investments has entered the actively managed bond arena with three new offerings: Fidelity Total Bond ETF (ticker: FBND), Fidelity Limited Term Bond ETF (FLTB) and Fidelity Corporate Bond ETF (FCOR).
Why companies break up . (Hint: It’s not because they’re well-managed.)
Do you want a machine gun that fires paper airplanes? Of course you do.

PepsiCo s earnings storypepsico s earnings story
Nifty shoots up 118 pts as Fed relief calms investors  nervesNifty shoots up 118 pts as Fed relief calms investors  nerves
BHEL bags Rs 7 800 crore order from TANGEDCOBHEL bags Rs 7 800 crore order from TANGEDCO
Matru Smriti Traders: Outcome of board meetingMatru Smriti Traders: Outcome of board meeting
NHPC to hold board meetingNHPC to hold board meeting
Paris Motor Show 2014: Spectacular cars on displayE-mail
The Paris Motor Show will raise its curtain for public on October 4 and will continue till October 19. It displayed an array of spectacular and dazzling sedans on Media Day. (Oct 2) Have a look at some of the most amazing four-wheelers.
ADVERTISEMENT

Europe needs shift on public investmentOctober 8, 2014 9:33 am
Europe’s leaders need to back shift on rules on public investment
By Mario Monti
More flexibility for countries is required to promote growth, writes Mario Monti
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba9cd208-4d5e-11e4-bf60-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fast-Food Customer Service Has Never Been WorseNo one's lovin' these wait times.
Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Business Insider .
Service at fast-food drive-thrus is slower than ever, according to a new study.  Customers' average wait time is now 220 seconds, up from 181 seconds last year, the study by QSR Magazine   found. That's the slowest service time in the 17 years that QSR  has been conducting the study. 
Advertisement
To be fair, QSR expanded its research from seven chains last year to 23 this year. But "the numbers this year were still telling," writes Sam Oches, the editor of QSR.  "Speed used to be a badge of honor for many chains," he writes. "Faster service means happier customers and more cars through the line, both of which can boost perception and sales."
But service times are now suffering because many fast-food chains, in an effort to stem widespread traffic declines, have been rapidly expanding their menus, which slows down workers.
McDonald's executives have acknowledged the adverse effects of their expanded menu on service times. The chain announced plans last year to add a third window to its drive-thru lanes to address complaints about service times.
The company also launched a limited one-minute guarantee program for lunchtime customers at McDonald's locations in South Florida this summer. If customers' food wasn't ready within one minute of ordering, they would be awarded a coupon for a free lunch item. 
Top Comment
Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's, had a policy limiting the number of items on the menu for just that reason.   More...
-new_reader
Join In
Taco Bell has also been expanding its offerings, adding a premium Cantina Bell menu in 2012 and launching a breakfast menu this year.  "Consumer needs are changing rapidly," Taco Bell chief operating officer Mike Grams told QSR. "There are going to be more complex products coming in, and we just have to change our training methods, our engagement plans in the restaurant, and how we approach them so that we can execute and still be relatively at a good speed that customers are going to be comfortable with."

Nobel Prize In Chemistry Awarded To German And American ScientistsPrevious Story
Next Story
Nobel Prize For Chemistry 2014: Eric Betzig, Stefan W. Hell And William E. Moerner Honored For Development Of Super-Resolved Fluorescence Microscopy
The 2014 Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded on Wednesday to Eric Betzig, Stefan W. Hell and William E. Moerner for "the development of super-resolved fluorescence microscopy."
In the past, the use of microscopes was limited by a physical restriction; scientists could only see items that were larger than roughly half the wavelength of light (.2 micrometers) . However, the groundbreaking work of the Nobel laureates bypassed the maximum resolution of traditional microscopes and launched optical microscopy into the nanodeminsion .
— The Nobel Prize (@NobelPrize) October 8, 2014
Hell , 52, of Germany, is the director at the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry and the division head at the German Cancer Research Center in Heidelberg. He was honored for his work on fluorescence microscopy, a kind of nano-flashlight where scientists use fluorescent molecules to see parts of a cell. Later in his career, he developed the STED microscope , which collects light from "a multitude of small volumes to create a whole."
Moerner , a 61-year-old professor in chemistry and applied physics at Stanford University in California, is the recipient of the 2008 Wolf Prize in Chemistry, the 2009 Irving Langmuir Award and the 2013 Peter Debye Award. In 1989, he was the first scientist to be able to measure the light absorption of a single molecule. This inspired many chemists to begin focusing on single molecules, including Betzig .
Betzig, 54, the group leader at Janelia Farm Research campus at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute in Virginia, developed new optical imaging tools for biology. His work involved taking images of the same area multiple times, and illuminating just a few molecules each time. These images were then superimposed to create a dense super image at the nano level , The Times of India reported.
The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, Stockholm awards the Nobel Prize in Chemistry annually to the person who shall have made the most important chemical discovery or improvement." It is one of five Nobel Prizes established by Alfred Nobel , inventor of dynamite, in his will in 1895.
Between 1901 and 2013, more than 560 Nobel Prizes were awarded to 876 people and organizations . Nobel laureates receive the title, a diploma, a gold medal and about $1.1 million in award money. If two winners are chosen for a single category, the prize is split in half. When more than two people or organizations are selected, the prize is distributed at the judges' discretion.
Since 1901, 105 Nobel Prizes in Chemistry have been awarded. The youngest person to become a Nobel laureate in chemistry was Frederic Joliot, who was just 35 when he received the prize in 1935 for his work in the synthesis of new radioactive elements.
Only four women have been awarded the chemistry prize , including Marie Curie who also won a Nobel in physics. And only one person -- Frederick Sanger -- has been awarded the chemistry prize twice.
Click here for a complete list of past laureates in this category.
Top 10 list of the Chemistry Laureates (1901-2013) sorted by field: pic.twitter.com/myNjH1yKbO
— The Nobel Prize (@NobelPrize) October 8, 2014
More:

The Man Who Invented the Cubicle Hated What They BecameCubes of misery that seem to make time stand still.
Photo by Ian Gavan/Getty Images for O2
This article originally appeared in Business Insider .
While the cubicle is today seen as a symbol of the drudgery of office work and the control companies have over their employees, the design was originally meant to give workers more freedom when it was first introduced in 1968.
Advertisement
In his book Cubed: A Secret History of the Workplace , author Nikil Saval writes that what we today call the cubicle was actually first marketed as "The Action Office II," the second attempt of designer Robert Propst to create a workstation that gave people individual autonomy and the ability to work in a variety of settings.
Initially, the adjustable walls that make up the modern cubicle were meant to be kept at a 120-degree angle, giving workers privacy when they needed it, while also making them available to coworkers they wanted to speak with.
Inside the workstation, the Action Office II contained pushpin walls that people could personalize, several levels of shelving, and room for both a standing and sitting desk. The idea was to give office workers a flexible space that allowed them to move seamlessly between their various individual and collaborative tasks.
Saval writes that the design, produced by the office furniture company Herman Miller, was met with public acclaim, including a New York Post column titled " Revolution Hits the Office ."
Of course, many companies were more interested in saving money than providing their employees with flexible working arrangements. So once they figured out they could put people into a smaller space by repositioning the walls to form a box, that's exactly what they did.
As other companies began to copy the design, their versions increasingly were marketed as the small, closed boxes modern workers are familiar with—in contradiction to Propst's original intentions.
By 1997, three years before Propst's death, The New York Times estimated that upward of 40 million Americans were working in cubicles. It was then that Propst told the Times  that he had designed the Action Office II to "give knowledge workers a more flexible, fluid environment than the rat-maze boxes of offices."
Instead, corporations had perverted his intent to cut costs.
Top Comment
Cubicles are not bad at all compared to the alternative.   More...
-icemilkcoffee

Charan Singh  Padmakumar Nair  Shamil MIndia has reported its first case of Ebola. Health authorities say a young man who returned from Liberia tested positive despite having been treated for the disease, and cured. This, along with si... »
November 18, 2014
Grand old, tired party
Poornima Joshi
The beautiful people and their eloquence in Vigyan Bhawan over the last two days was just a blip in the radar for an audience riveted to regular blockbusters from Varanasi, Myanmar and Sydney. The... »
BL Research Bureau  

End-to-end solutions for food supplyEnd-to-end solutions for food supply
Charan Singh
Watch where it is going To the open market? KR Deepak
India now has the technology to track leakages at each stage in the public distribution system
October 8, 2014:  
The Government has set up the Expenditure Management Commission to rationalise subsidies, among other expenditure items in India. India incurs nearly one per cent of food subsidy annually, generally utilised under the existing public distribution system (PDS) consisting of Food Corporation of India (FCI) and nearly five lakh Fair Price Shops (FPSs). The public distribution system has been the object of criticism for inefficiency; it is vulnerable to misappropriation, resulting in large-scale losses to the Government. According to some estimates, nearly 40 per cent of foodgrains are lost annually under the PDS.
The price differential that exists between the market price and the subsidised prices of PDS items is believed to be the main reason why this arbitrage opportunity is exploited. The last mile delivery mechanism, involving the owner of the fair price shop, is most vulnerable to the price differential.
Diverting stocks
Various schemes experimented with in different States such as strengthening of monitoring systems initiated by village-level vigilance committees, GPS/GPRS-based tracking of PDS vehicles, use of IT-based centralised solutions to match and monitor the delivery process and make the existing system more efficient, neglect the inherent inefficiencies present in the PDS system due to the price differential.
In all these instances, fair price shopowners have an incentive to divert the PDS grains to the open market, either by misrepresenting the quota available to the end consumers or by offering small cash incentives to the end consumer for forgoing foodgrain requirements.
A major feature of the PDS is the general lack of accountability down the entire supply chain, leaving the leakages that occur at different points completely unaccounted for. Typically, in the case of the distribution network of any fast moving consumer goods of any private sector company, precise accountability is defined at every stage, where the loss or diversion of any product is directly attributed to the immediate possessor.
The supply chain
While it is hard to propose a precisely similar system for PDS, largely because of government ownership and the distribution mechanism, it may be possible to draw some parallels between these two systems to gain some meaningful insights.
The use of technology can help plug the leak in the supply chain of the public distribution system and ensure that at each stage in the PDS supply chain, full market price is paid to the immediately previous stage on acquiring foodgrains. This practice imposes on the supervisors of any stage, ownership and accountability to store and transfer the foodgrains to the next stage.
At the godowns of the FCI, which are government-owned and operated entities, the supervisor's salary incentives would be tied to the losses incurred at the respective godowns. At the fair price shop, which is the end consumer interface, this system tries to tackle the issue of price differential by selling the foodgrains to the end consumers at the subsidised prices; the Government/FCI credits the price differential into the fair price shopowners’ bank accounts once the food is delivered to the target population. This system tries to incorporate the benefits of cash transfer except that fair price shopowners are required to have bank accounts; it avoids the need for bank accounts for every end consumer.
Bringing in bio-metric smart cards on the demand side can help track the foodgrains to be distributed right up to the end consumer. The Aadhar card can be meaningfully used for validating the identity of the consumer.
Managing transportation
While this system clearly defines accountability, transportation management and reconciliation of the payment system can become challenging. To address this issue, efficient implementation of a centralised IT infrastructure (CITF) can be useful.
The centralised system can make use of tracking devices such as the Radio Frequency Identification Number (RFID) on each sack of foodgrain which records the time of delivery/acceptance and the number of sacks delivered at every PDS point, resulting in efficient inventory management. While a GPS system, being experimented with in some States, simply tracks the vehicle, the centralised system goes all the way up to the sack level to ensure delivery.
This type of dynamic tracking helps link inventory management with the payment system so that all such information is stored and accessible at a centralised location. The RFID-CITF system could help prevent possible malpractices such as diversion of the foodgrain while wrongly registering the acceptance of foodgrain by just delivering the RFID tag (and not the actual goods).
In other words, the responsibility of ensuring the receipt of goods in right quantities can be fully attributed to the receiving warehouse or fair price shop through the payment mechanism discussed above. RFID-based tracking ensures time and quantity information, which could help in quantity reconciliation at fair price shop level.
The scheme discussed in this article faces challenges with respect to last mile connectivity in remote villages, in terms of power availability, connectivity and so on. A phased introduction of this scheme starting from already IT-enabled fair price shops down to those in remote villages will surely help in effectively plugging leakages in the public distribution system.
Singh is RBI Chair Professor of economics at IIM-Bangalore. Nair and Shamil are students
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

A fresh approach to financial inclusionA fresh approach to financial inclusion
RANA KAPOOR
Stripped-down versions of products meant for the affluent, urban Indian will not work for the financially excluded
October 8, 2014:  
Financial inclusion is not just about access to financial products — both savings and borrowings. It also about safe, easy and low-cost access to a cash-flow management system, and that includes a payment system that allows you to move money around safely and at a low cost.
Financial inclusion has been an important developmental agenda for India. Though financial inclusion is ‘necessary’, it is definitely not a ‘sufficient’ condition for economic growth. It’s like what water does to stimulate germination; but for healthy growth of a seedling, fertile soil, air and sunlight are also important. Lack of even one of these factors will lead to stunted growth.
A watershed period
The current decade is the watershed period for financial inclusion in India as it marks a paradigm shift in the approaches of banks and financial institutions, thanks to the regulatory push and the demand pull. Currently, India’s banking network comprises of 1.15 lakh branches and an ATM network of 1.6 lakh.
Of these, 44,000 branches (38.2 per cent) and 23,000 ATMs (14.58 per cent) are in rural areas and the remaining in semi-urban and metropolitan areas. The number of banking outlets in villages, which was 67,694 during 2009-10, crossed 3.8 lakh in March 2014. Nearly 12,748 rural branches were opened during 2010-14, against a reduction of about 1,300 rural branches in the last two decades.
Despite the formidable physical outreach and rural footprint of banks, 44 per cent Indians lack access to a savings account.
Obviously, there have been some major challenges in achieving financial inclusion in rural areas in this large country. Underdeveloped infrastructure makes it hard for banks to operate in many rural areas. The opportunity cost for a rural customer braving a long trek to the branch over bad roads remains a major deterrent to operating a bank account.
Illiteracy and language differences act as barriers, as does banks’ failure to offer products relevant to rural customers. For banks, a host of problems, such as small transaction size and higher credit risks make it even more difficult to serve the rural market.
Despite such challenges, rural banking is far ahead of where it was in the first decade of this century. The RBI has encouraged expansion in rural areas through its Financial Inclusion Plan and by granting urban branch licenses on the basis of the number of rural branches opened.
Specific solutions
The success of financial inclusion depends largely on developing products/solutions that directly address those specific needs.
The financially excluded consumers have certain unique characteristics such as low financial literacy, low and cyclical income, minimal collateral, lack of credit history, absence of formal and verifiable identity, illiteracy. These need to be taken care of while designing products and services for them.
Hence, the products and services to be offered should not be stripped-down versions of products and services originally created for the more affluent consumer segments and should instead holistically address the expectations of the financially excluded consumers.
Also, given the heterogeneity of the financially excluded segment, there cannot be a single approach or model which can be prescribed globally. Instead, models/solutions which are contextual to the local consumer requirements are required.
Each stakeholder of the financial inclusion ecosystem including financial institutions, regulatory agencies, technology service providers, NGOs etc will need to play their part and collaborate with each other.
The service providers in the financial inclusion space must acknowledge the fact that only a commercially viable and scalable business model can provide sustainable solutions.
For long term sustainability and effective scaling up of financial inclusion services, the underlying business model should offer a ‘win-win-win’ proposition to the customer, intermediaries (business correspondent/business correspondent agent) and the bank. In meeting the needs of financially excluded, the conventional banking approach faces challenges such as huge infrastructure set-up cost, high operating cost and lack of risk mitigation measures.
As evident, even mere ‘stripping down’ of conventional products doesn’t work as banking needs of target segment are distinctively different. The problem is compounded by lack of appropriate and enabling technology solutions for reaching out to the target segment.
Given this, there is a greater need for following a different approach -- a need for frugal innovation. Indians are natural leaders in frugal innovations given that for generations we have internalised the jugaad system of developing make-shift but workable solutions using limited resources, while targeting the financially excluded.
Trust and scale
Research across the globe proves that for a digital inclusion initiative to be successful, there are two major critical factors; building trust and breaking the sub-scale trap. The latter has again two subcomponents — increasing network participants and increasing network ‘touch-points’.
Thankfully in India, the trust of common public in banking institutions is so high that there is a very good ‘aspiration value’ to holding a mainstream savings bank account, which is evident from the long queue for account opening even in rural areas.
Financial inclusion is more than a policy imperative; it represents huge opportunity for banks. Although it can conceptually cover an arena of services like access to formal banking, credit, insurance, repatriation and financial advisory, perceptionally it has been limited to bank account opening. Various schemes such as Swabhiman, financial literacy drive, no-frills account, priority-sector lending, and Kisan Credit Card have been initiated by the Governmentand the RBI.
The Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) was launched on August 28 , and India now has over four crore new bank accounts, which is almost 80 per cent of the five crore target of the Swabhiman scheme.
Going by this speed, the target of 7.5 crore accounts by January 26, 2015, seems highly plausible. Also, by granting access to the 1.6-lakh strong ATMs and over 60,000 points of sale as against a single business correspondent agent touch point in the earlier Swabhiman scheme, PMJDY has addressed the issue of network touch-points to a large extent. But most of these are in urban and semi-urban areas, physically and psychologically away for the ‘new to banking’ customers.
Making the financially excluded persons financially capable and providing them with customised feasible products would be the road ahead for financial inclusion.
Further, leveraging technology and enabling the poorly informed unsophisticated investors understand and become savvy and take sensible decisions will take some time, but is not a task unachievable.
The writer is the president of Assocham
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

The elusive truth about Britains deficitNeither party tells Britain the truth about the deficit
By Chris Giles
The Tories and Labour present public finance policies that scale the heights of absurdity
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/199bcc08-4e29-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Copy that. You wont go to jailCopy that. You won’t go to jail
JINOY JOSE P
Hold on. I am talking about the laws in the UK.
You mean the Brits have made copying legal!
Yes, in a way. The UK has just enacted a law that allows its citizens to make copies of compact discs, MP3s, digital video discs, Blu-rays and e-books for personal use. In June this year, the Intellectual Property Office of the UK released a set of guidances, but these changes came into effect only last week. There are, of course, caveats. The government will allow consumers only to keep copies or back-ups only on local storage or in an online storage space (cloud); they will not be able to share these copies with friends or family members.
But can consumers rip a CD?
Yes, if the discs are not digitally protected from slicing. Making such copies including ripping CDs to iTunes earlier constituted copyright breach, even though not many were taken to task for such activities. That said, companies can protect their digital products using DRM tools. Digital Rights Management or DRM is a set of technologies that hardware and content makers and publishers use to control and safeguard the use of digital content.
The move to legalise rips has significance globally too. In July, a group representing musicians in the US, The Alliance of Artists and Recording Companies, sued Ford and General Motors over CD players installed in their cars that helped users rip and store tracks. Maybe, the US now can take a leaf from the UK law.
Interestingly, the UK has made it legal to change a purchased TV download, movie file or e-book from one format to another. For instance, you can convert your ripped ALAC or FLAC music or videos into .mp4 or any other formats you like. You can even change a .mobi (an e-book format that works on Amazon Kindle) into .epub, which most other tablets and reading devices support.
Wow. What about recording music that one streams online?
Don’t be greedy. When you stream online content from service providers such as Spotify and Netflix, you are actually enjoying content owned by someone else, which you cannot copy. Similarly, you cannot make copies of rented DVDs or Blu-rays.
What happens to the copy when I sell my original?
You should not keep those copies. But you can use parts of such works (clips) in parodies or spoofs.
The new UK law legalises parody of copyrighted works. Earlier, companies could sue you if you have used clips of films, television shows or songs without consent.
Are there others following the UK path?
Not many, actually. Similar rules are in vogue in countries such as the Netherlands and Spain. But the British government has taken a far more judicious approach to piracy and copying. Of course, piracy is a serious menace in the UK. An estimate from its regulator Ofcom shows in 2013 one in four downloads in the country was pirated. A few months ago, it introduced a voluntary copyright alert programme under which illegal downloaders will be alerted by the government of legal ways of getting the content, instead of outright punishments.
With the new set of rules, it expects to bring the country's IP laws “into the 21st century”, according to minister for IP, Baroness Neville-Rolfe. She says the new law will mean the UK IP regime will be responsive to the modern business environment and more flexible for consumers.
Impressive. So, where does India stand on this?
India, sadly, is moving at a snail's pace when it comes to modernising its copyright and intellectual property laws. Copying and similar activities are still illegal here and as things stand now it will be a while before our copyright laws are in sync with the times.
A weekly column that helps you ask the right questions
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Investors warn on derivatives crisis planInvestors warn on crisis plan for derivatives
By Philip Stafford in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d051c794-4eed-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Johnny Rockets Goes Retail as  Lifestyle Brandreddit
The California-based chain has announced a new Johnny Rockets At Home program that will extend its brand to retail freezers, housewares, music and more. Orlando-based The Blackwood Group will represent the brand for licensing. This comes shortly after Johnny Rockets announced four new Route 66 prototypes for its restaurants, including a drive-in-movie concept, a drive-thru concept, a food truck and a mobile pop-up restaurant. A fast-casual Johnny Rockets Express concept also is part of its emergence as a "lifestyle brand." BurgerBusiness.com spoke with James Walker, Johnny Rockets' chief development officer, about the ambitious plans.
You've been so active, moving the brand into several new arenas. Is there a danger you will dilute the Johnny Rockets brand?
That's an interesting phenomenon with Johnny Rockets. We have brand awareness that I would say, arguably, is more like what you would see with a brand with 2,000+ restaurant locations. So we have phenomenal brand awareness but our footprint is still quite small. We're 330 stores and we have rabid fans in our customers base. So I would say we're a long way way from the dilution problem.
It's something we talk about, certainly. With the new concepts, the CPG [consumer package goods] products, we're making sure that we're making long-term, wise decisions now to avoid that. But that's not going to be a daily concern for some time. We have lot of brand space.
Does the Johnny Rockets At Home program involve more than just food?
It does. When you think of Johnny Rockets, the things that jump into most people's minds are going to be our burgers, our chili cheese fries, our shakes. But we're a lifestyle: We're fun, we're entertainment, we're music. I guess you could call us retro. So hard goods like center-of-the-table items themed after Johnny Rockets, small appliances or things that carry on that heritage of music and fun make sense for the brand.
So we could see a George Foreman-style burger grill branded Johnny Rockets?
Absolutely. We believe that while we're a retro brand, there's also a modern twist to it. We're retro-tech, if you will. As such, I love the idea of a Johnny Rockets grill that would have a cool, retro look to it but have best-in-class cooking technology. I think things like that make a lot of sense: A hot dog or chili dog maker; a popcorn maker that looks like  jukebox. All those things make sense for us.
Your CMO Joel Bulger says you're envisioning partnerships with music and entertainment groups. What might that involve?
We've got calls set up with other licensing groups who have the rights to performers, both dead and alive, who we think make sense to partner with. It's a bit TBD so I don't want to mention names; we're in the middle of talks. But if you think of iconic performers, there are some that just make sense to pair with Johnny Rockets. We're in conversation with a number of those about how we could find a mutually beneficial agreement to grow both brands.
So, Johnny Rockets CDs?
We're in conversations about that. You think of Johnny Rockets and we're known for music. Then look at Starbucks and they do a brisk business with their CDs at the counter and they're not known for music. Johnny Rockets is a lifestyle brand; we're known for music. So I think Johnny Rockets-branded CDs featuring different artists, old and new, make a lot of sense.
How soon might Johnny Rockets At Home products be coming into the marketplace?
I think Q1 of next year. The demand is there from retailers and customers. We're moving as fast as we can. We don't want to just take an existing product and put a Johnny Rockets label on it. We want to be sure it's the right product; that it represents the core values of the brand. There's a bit of a filtering and approval process that will probably push us into Q1.
Is it likely food products will be at retail before hard goods?
I think that's safe to say. I was in a food tasting yesterday that lasted several hours with products that are designed and targeted to go into retail CPG markets.
And I think those products make the most sense to the consumer. What does the consumer really want to have at home from Johnny Rockets? They want to have a little bit of that Johnny Rockets meal experience, but in their own kitchen. We'll provide that solution first and then follow with more of the hard goods.
Are you concerned about competing with yourself by providing home meals?
It's always a question but what the industry has learned from watching brands like TGI Fridays, Wolfgang Puck and others is that the sales tend to be accretive and build awareness. I have little or no concern about cannibalization. I believe the program will build awareness, excitement and demand.
Do you risk cannibalizing corporate attention by focusing so much on selling the brand beyond the restaurants? Can restaurants, existing and potential, get forgotten?
That's a great question. We have what we call a "one brand, four expressions" strategy. Expression number 1 for us are those legacy stores. We're not stepping away from the traditional Johnny Rockets model. That's the girl who brought us to the dance. We still think she's beautiful and attractive, and we're going to keep dancing with her.
Whether it's the Route 66 items and prototypes or the new express concept or Johnny Rockets at Home, it's all designed to build the brand and have a positive impact on those traditional stores.
From a resource standpoint, we manage our resources by using third-party experts. My team and I are brand experts but we're not afraid to find experts in, say, CPG to help us with that launch. We have a number of external resources and experts helping us so we can grow through all the channels without robbing Peter to pay Paul.
Follow BurgerBusiness on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BurgerBusiness
More:

Low base to boost Q2 earningsLow base to boost Q2 earnings
Somasroy Chakraborty & Neelasri Barman | Kolkata/Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 12:27 AM IST
A weak financial performance in the second quarter of 2013-14 could prove a delayed blessing in disguise for banks, as this low base is expected to propel their earnings performance in July-September this year. This is despite muted loan demand, depleting fee income, rising operating expense and waning credit quality.
“We expect strong earnings growth for banks at 28 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y). Higher provisions for investments and lower treasury income (during the second to fourth quarter of 2013-14) hurt earnings and this is likely to act as a base for the next three quarters. We expect public sector banks (PSBs) to report around 40 per cent y-o-y growth in earnings and private banks to report around 20 per cent growth,” said Kotak Securities, in an earnings estimate report for banks and financial institutions.
Analysts expect strong performance in lenders’ treasury income portfolio in the just concluded quarter. A year earlier, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had to step in aggressively through a series of regulations to stem rupee depreciation. The steps resulted in the 10-year government security’s yield rising sharply by 63 basis points in 15 days. These increased by 130 basis points (bps) during the quarter. While RBI allowed lenders to distribute the investment depreciation provision in equal instalments over the financial year, most private banks made the entire provision in the second quarter (of 2013-14) itself.
With no such concerns this time, banks are expected to report growth in treasury income. Also, on a sequential basis, yields have softened, albeit marginally by 15-30 bps at the longer end, offering banks an opportunity to improve treasury income on a quarter-on-quarter basis.
“The fall in bond yields will add to treasury profits of banks. Even in the current quarter, the gains might continue. By the end of December, the yield on the 10-year bond might fall to 8.3 per cent, as there has been bond buying by traders,” said the treasury head of a PSB.
Traders claimed they’d been buying bonds in anticipation of a rate cut during the next financial year. The sharp appreciation in equity markets is also a positive for select banks that have equity investments in their portfolio.
“We expect a better quarter for Indian financials, with overall earnings for banks under our coverage universe reporting a growth of 28 per cent y-o-y, due to lower credit cost and higher treasury income, linked to a declining trajectory in bond yields and a strong rally in equity markets,” Alok Kapadia, analyst with Antique Stock Broking, said in a note to his clients.
However, analysts also believe improved profitability is unlikely to ease the pessimism surrounding the sector. “At the end of the day, there is still slow credit growth, which will affect the core performance and impact the core return on assets. Trading profit might provide a temporary cushion but issues are expected to persist. That remains a worry,” said Dhananjay Sinha, economist, strategist and head of institutional research at Emkay Global Financial Services.
Last week, RBI noted that non-food credit growth decelerated in September, the lowest since June 2001, despite liquidity conditions remaining comfortable. This, experts feel, will have a cascading impact on banks’ net interest income and net interest margin, as deposit rates continue to stay high.
Core fee income growth is also expected to be muffled as fresh loan sanctions have remained weak, while income from foreign exchange is seen lower because of the volatility of the currency this year.
Analysts also believe that asset quality troubles are not over, though fresh impairments might be lower on a sequential basis. "We believe the slippage levels would remain elevated, though a large share of the slippages are now coming from the restructured loan portfolio as banks are reporting a rising share of failed cases of restructuring," said Kotak Securities.
A few also believe that the Pradhanmantri Jan-Dhan Yojana, introduced in August, will lead to an increase in operating expenses, especially for state-run lenders. "The second quarter might not reflect the full impact of Jan-Dhan Yojana but it is one of the concerns," said an analyst with a local brokerage.
A GLIMMER OF HOPE
Analysts expect strong performance in lenders’ treasury income portfolio in the just concluded quarter
Yields have softened, offering banks an opportunity to improve treasury income on a quarter-on-quarter basis
Sharp appreciation in equity markets also a positive for select banks that have equity investments in their portfolios

Fidelity hack points to JPMorgan linkFidelity hack points to JPMorgan link
By Kara Scannell and Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2564f64e-4f2e-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No funeral has been planned for Liberian man who died of Ebola in DallasBy DeNeen L. Brown October 8 Follow @DeNeenLBrown
No funeral has been planned for Thomas Eric Duncan, the Liberian man who died of Ebola in Dallas Wednesday.
People who spoke to the family said it was their understanding that his body was cremated Wednesday, possibly within hours after his death at Texas Health Presbyterian hospital.
It is likely that a memorial service may be scheduled weeks from now, after his fiancee, Louise Troh, is released from mandated isolation, where she, her 13-year-old son, Duncan’s cousin and a 20-year-old man, have remained at the behest of health officials after having close contact with Duncan before he was diagnosed.
Health officials say that people who were in close contact with Duncan should remain isolated for 21 days, the incubation period of the virus. Health officials in Texas have been monitoring 48 people. None has shown signs of symptoms.
A Dallas hospital spokesman said Thomas Eric Duncan, the first Ebola patient diagnosed in the United States, has died. (AP)
“Louise is still about 10 or 11 days away from being in the clear, even if she is asymptomatic and the boys as well,” said the Rev. George Mason, senior pastor of Wilshire Baptist Church in Dallas, said Wednesday night after a prayer vigil for Duncan. “It’s going to be about Oct. 19.”
He said the idea of planning a funeral is difficult. “We will begin to have conversations when we know about the disposition of remains,” said Mason who said he believes Duncan’s body was cremated. “It is my understanding that is the only safe way and they wish to do it as quickly as possible. Nor do I know who will end up with the cremains.”
Mason said he would discuss any plans with Troh and Duncan’s 19-year-old son, Eric Karsiah Duncan.
“It may be a private internment process It may be a burial of ashes. It may be something we do as a family and invited friends. But I can’t prejudge because I haven’t discussed it with her.”
Mason said that Troh, who works as a nursing assistant, is aware of the importance of the cremation, even though her Liberian culture traditionally uses an elaborate burial process that includes laying on of hands and kissing the body.
Health officials have said the body of a person who has died of Ebola is very contagious.
“She understands these things,” Mason said. “She has an ability to move from the cultural traditions very quickly to recognize the medical necessity of what was to take place.”
But, he said, she is still using that language of burial for the cremains.
“It is possible at a cemetery to bury an urn of ashes,” he said.
Mason carried the news of Duncan’s death to Troh Wednesday morning. At the house, where she is in isolation, health officials have recommended that the four individuals in the house refrain from embracing each other.
“Judge Jenkins and I had to deliver this news. They each had to grieve in their own way immediately,” Mason said. “The human instinct is to want to rush toward each other, to touch each other and hold each other, to comfort each other. ”
But, he said, each person had to remain in his own space.  “It was the most unnatural feeling thing, as you can well imagine,” Mason said. “These are the permutations of this tragedy that you don’t see.”
The news of the death of Duncan, who was diagnosed with Ebola Sept. 30, was met with shock, because family members believed that he was getting better after receiving special treatments for Ebola.
There were reports that his blood pressure was down and his temperature had lowered. His son was preparing to visit him Wednesday morning.
“When she heard he was receiving a special treatment for Ebola, she in a high-pitched scream shouted ,’Glory to God!’” Mason said. “I think she might have put the phone down and was dancing around. There was a sense of great hopefulness.”
She said Duncan had traveled to the United States with the hope of reuniting his family, marrying Troh and seeing his son whom he had last seen 16 years ago in Africa.
“The intent was for Karsiah to visit him Wednesday morning, to see him,” Mason said.
Instead Troh had to call her 19-year-old son. “I heard Louise talking to him,” Mason said. “She said, I have to tell you your father has passed.”
DeNeen L. Brown is an award-winning staff writer at The Washington Post who has covered night police, education, courts, politics and culture.

U. of C. Medicine to take aim at hepatitis CU. of C. Medicine to take aim at hepatitis C
Phil Velasquez, Chicago Tribune
Enkhjargal Gelegdorj, of Ravenswood, was pronounced disease-free in December after treatment with the new anti-hepatitis C drug Sovaldi.
Enkhjargal Gelegdorj, of Ravenswood, was pronounced disease-free in December after treatment with the new anti-hepatitis C drug Sovaldi. (Phil Velasquez, Chicago Tribune)
Drugs and Medicines Diseases and Illnesses Hepatitis University of Chicago U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Local
'This is groundbreaking,' U. of C. doctor says of $6.2 million hepatitis C grant
University of Chicago Medicine will receive a $6.2 million grant from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to battle hepatitis C in Chicago, mounting an all-out assault on the disease, health care administrators will announce Thursday.
About 3.2 million Americans — including up to 70,000 in Chicago — have hepatitis C, about half of whom are unaware they have the infection, which can progress slowly and is largely symptom-free in its early stages. Over decades, infected individuals can suffer serious liver damage, including cirrhosis or cancer.
  Open link
The grant will help fund the Hepatitis C Community Alliance to Test and Treat program. Along with other agencies, the initiative aims to train about 200 primary care providers at 30 community health centers over four years. The goal: to screen more than 18,000 Chicagoans annually, said officials.
"This is groundbreaking," said Dr. Daniel Johnson, chief of academic pediatrics at the University of Chicago Medicine. "This will become the template to track any disease process."
Technology will also play a key role in expanding reach. A videoconference system will allow clinicians to engage in case review and discussion. It also will facilitate surveillance and collecting data, along with using social media to increase awareness and promote testing.
"This is probably one of the largest-scale projects we've ever seen. ... It's not happening just at one center, but it uses everyone's strength, citywide " said Dr. Andrew Aronsohn, a University of Chicago Medicine hepatologist, who is developing the interactive curriculum.
Until recently, doctors had few weapons to combat the disease. But new drugs, while prohibitively expensive, are offering better outcomes with fewer side effects, physicians said.
0
Hepatitis C is spread when blood from an infected individual enters the body — most commonly affecting intravenous drug users. But other populations are also vulnerable, including those who have been sexually active and those who had a blood transfusion before 1992, when donor blood testing became required in the U.S.
Two out of three of those living with the disease are baby boomers, according to the CDC, which recommends screening for everyone born from 1945 to 1965.
"This isn't just a fringe population," said Johnson, founder of Extension Community Healthcare Outcomes Chicago, which will lead the screening and treatment initiative. "If you've ever had unprotected sex, many sexual partners or had a partner who has had many partners, you're at risk. If you ever had something like a femur fracture (when you were a child) that might need a blood transfusion ... you could be at risk."
Screening, of course, only works if effective treatment is available. The previous standard of care, Interferon-based therapy, had unpleasant side effects similar to chemotherapy. Many patients with mild cases decided to wait and even those with severe cases were too sick to tolerate the treatment.
Last year, a new medication, Sovaldi, came on the market, with shorter duration, fewer side effects and a greater success rate. "We've finally reached the point where, if we can identify these patients, we can cure them," Aronsohn said.
The only problem? The pill costs $1,000 a day — or $84,000 for typical treatment. The price tag is causing worry for insurers and state Medicaid officials, while health care advocates contend that it is still less expensive than a liver transplant or for other chronic conditions, which are spread out over a lifetime.
Enkhjargal Gelegdorj, 38, was one of the beneficiaries of better interventions. After being in a state of constant fatigue, the Ravenswood resident sought help at the Erie Family Center on the North Side, she said. A simple blood test confirmed the hepatitis C diagnosis.
A nail technician, Gelegdorj started treatment available to her through a low-income drug program, and she was pronounced disease-free in December.
"If you are ready to do treatment, the drugs are available. All you have to do is be willing to take the first step because the cure is here," Gelegdorj said.

Fed Minutes Show Policymakers Worried over Strong Dollar  Global WoesYou are here: Home Economy
Fed Minutes Show Policymakers Worried over Strong Dollar, Global Woes
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 11:32 (IST)
FDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Washington/New York:
Federal Reserve officials want to tie an interest-rate rise to US economic progress, but the minutes of their last policy meeting show they are struggling with how to come to grips with the dual threats of a stronger dollar and a global slowdown.
The minutes expressed concern the rising dollar could slow a needed rebound in inflation. They also highlighted economic turmoil in Europe and Asia, another factor behind the bank's keeping policy accommodation in place for the near future.
The minutes of the September 16-17 meeting, released on Wednesday after the usual three-week lag, revealed concern the financial markets are slightly out of sync with the Fed, and that dropping the current policy guidance could send unintended signals.
In response, investors bid up US stocks and bonds, betting the Fed is in no rush to tighten after years of monetary stimulus. The US dollar, which has risen in the last 12 weeks, hit a two-week low.
"The Fed is becoming increasingly focused on the potential impact of the stronger dollar on the domestic economy at a time when the global growth momentum is beginning to slow, and the uncertainties this is adding to the economic outlook," said Millan Mulraine, deputy head of research and strategy at TD Securities.
Debate within the Fed heated up over how to adopt a more "data-dependent" policy guidance.
Several policymakers fretted the current guidance that rates will not rise for a "considerable time" after October gave the false impression the stimulus would last a long while. Others worried a change could trip up financial markets and hurt the economy through higher borrowing costs.
The change would "likely present communication challenges" and "caution will be needed to avoid sending unintended signals about the Committee's policy outlook," the minutes said.
The extent of the debate suggests the committee could move as soon as its meeting on October 28-29 to change its description of when it might begin lifting rates from near zero, where they have been since late 2008.
DELICATE DANCE
The minutes also showed concern from a "couple" of participants that the strengthening dollar could hurt the economy and cause longer-term inflation expectations to move slightly lower.
Since the meeting, Fed officials have increasingly flagged the dollar's rise as hindering a rebound. While unemployment dropped to 5.9 per cent in September, inflation measures have eased and the International Monetary Fund slashed its global economic growth forecasts on Tuesday.
Some officials cited disappointing growth and inflation in the euro zone, while several said "slower economic growth in China or Japan or unanticipated events in the Middle East or Ukraine might pose a similar risk," the minutes show.
In response, investors bet on a later start to tightening.
"The deceleration of inflation from the spring and the rising strength of the dollar are noteworthy, and may mean the Fed may raise rates later than expected," said Anthony Valeri, investment strategist at LPL Financial.
US 2015 short-term interest rate futures rose to contract highs on Wednesday, suggesting traders saw less than a 50 per cent chance of a rate rise in July next year, according to CME Group's FedWatch.
Both Fed and Wall Street economists expect a rate rise to come around the middle of next year, but the central bankers expect tightening to be more aggressive than believed by the private sector.
The Fed acknowledged the market seems behind in this regard and suggested it could complicate matters when the time comes to raise rates.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: October 09, 2014 11:23 (IST)

Inflation seekers welcome dollar rally© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/20e37576-4f3a-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banking heavyweights led today s rally on St; ICICI Bank  SBI are Motilal Oswal s top betsBanks take charge ahead of earnings season; lead Sensex rally
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 04.29PM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(Banks was in action for second…)
MUMBAI: Banks were in action for second straight session as investors shifted to beaten down stocks after the sharp correction recently.
The S&P BSE Bankex came under tremendous pressure lately. Between September 22 and October 7, the index fell nearly 7 per cent on concerns of delay in interest rate hike and inflation woes. However, in the past two sessions, it has bounced back around 4 per cent as buying activity picked up ahead of the earnings season.
According to Motilal Oswal report, recent decline in commodity prices, deleveraging of corporate balance sheet and lower funds requirement by oil marketing companies will lead to higher liquidity in the system and in turn continued decline in interest rates.
The brokerage asserts that while FY15 loan growth is expected to be muted, based on its house view of GDP growth assumption of 6.5 per cent in FY16E (v/s 5.5 per cent in FY15E), loan growth is expected to pick up, going forward.
Motilal Oswal's top picks in large caps are ICICI Bank and SBI. It also also prefers YES and Union Bank.
Following are analysts view on banking space:
Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com is if the view that investors should focus on largecaps.
"We have been recommending our clients to look at SBI, Bank of Baroda and PNB in the PSU space. My sense is that the macro recovery in the next six months looks quite imminent and hopefully once the GDP growth rate improves and interest rate cycle starts, these banks would definitely benefit.
In the private sector banks space, it is Axis Bank or maybe HDFC Bank and from the smaller banks, YES Bank.
According to Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.com, Bank Nifty has come out of bearish setup and lot of banking stocks have given breakout.
"HDFC Bank is one which has got into all-time high so that could be a fresh buying idea. The stock is a buy with a stop below 874. Look for targets of around Rs 925. Buy Federal Bank with a stop below Rs 127 for target of around Rs139-140 on the upside.
The S&P BSE Bank was closed up 2.51 per cent at 18,017.86 against 1.49 per cent rise on the Sensex .
SBI (up 2.84 per cent), ICICI Bank (up 2.64 per cent), Axis Bank (up 2.32 per cent) and HDFC Bank (up 2.25 per cent) were among the top performers on the Sensex.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hindalco rallies over 6% as Alcoa Q3 beats estimateHindalco rallies over 6% as Alcoa Q3 beats estimates
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 9, 2014, 04.53PM IST
(Aluminium major Hindalco…)
MUMBAI: Aluminium major Hindalco rallied over 6 per cent on hopes of a strong quarter after Alcoa, world's third largest producer of aluminum, beat Q3 earnings estimates.
The company reported net profit of $149 million, against net profit of $24 million in the year-ago. Sales for the quarter increased to $6.2 billion from $5.7 billion in year-ago period.
Hindalco had recently come under selling pressure following de-allocation of coal blocks. According to BNP Paribas, the stock had over-reacted to the negative newsflow.
The brokerage has lowered its target price on the stock to Rs 208 but remains bullish on it.
"The stock has over-reacted to the news. We think this offers a good opportunity to add exposure for the potential recovery in the aluminium sector," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mythology retold Vempati wayUpdated: October 9, 2014 17:28 IST
Mythology retold Vempati way
Special arrangement Manju Bhargavi and Deepika Reddy.
The Hindu Odissi performance by Ranjana Gauhar. Photo: K.V. Srinivasan
Special arrangement Vanimadhav.
kuchipudi
Manju Bhargavi and Deepika Reddy’s ‘Dakshayagnam’ was the highlight at the Vysakhi Nrityotsav 2014 in Visakhapatnam
Mythological drama/ballets never get jaded for most Indians living in the suburbs. They are viewed with renewed enthusiasm every time they happen to be staged. ‘Shambo, Shivam Shankareem’ is one such Kuchipudi dance ballet that cut across all sections of viewers with its timeless appeal at the annual Vysakhi Nrityotsav 2014 at Visakhapatnam.
The array was star-studded with Manju Bhargavi playing Lord Shiva and Deepika Reddy as consort Sati and later Parvathi. The story is that of the familiar Dakshayagnam where Sati is reborn only to be united with her lord. Being Kuchipudi of the Vempati school, the characters like those in a drama, were decked in period finery with crowns, et al. The dialogues and narrative in verse form flowed with effortless ease though the language (Telugu) at times sounded colloquial rather than literary in keeping with the tale of the divine. DSV Sastry’s compelling nattuvangam/vocal on pre-recorded music emerged loud and clear.
Manju Bhargavi looked regal as Shiva though not really masculine as the Lord is made out to be but on the nritta front, she was not her sprightly self and fell short of vigorous footwork especially in the scene where Shiva is enraged. A thoughtful creation in the form of Veerabhadra (M Surendranath) compensated for this with a ferocious nritta and of course the sound and fury, curtsey background score! Deepika Reddy as Sati kept her dance in tune with that of Shiva, rather reined in her momentum, charmed her way with graceful dance movements. Her full potential came to the fore when she re-enters the stage as Parvati. The ‘pravesha daruvu’ (entry) gave a large scope for her to showcase her footwork capabilities which Deepika explored to the brim. It was so reminiscent of her guru’s impeccable style; elegantly worked out footwork with a fluidity that demarcates the Kuchipudi from its more rigid cousin the Bharatanatyam, with a lissome facial and gestural expression- these qualities seemed to have been imbibed by the artiste making her an archetype cast in the Vempati mould. Her abhinaya in the scenes where Sati is wrought by anxiety, love and hurt, first by her consort’s denial to permit her to go to her father Daksha’s yagna and later by the insults heaped by her parent was emotive and natural as could be within an artistic setting. Whatever be the theme of the dance that she undertakes, Deepika has evolved as an artiste who gets under the skin of the role she portrays, by which her dance escalates to a higher level and she’s able to dispel a joy among the viewers. She was the only one perhaps among the gamut of artistes who did not display discomfort with the weighty diadem, while with all others, their facial expressions got impaired to a certain extent with strenuous, balancing looks, thanks to the head-gears!
The other vital characters to this ballet, Manmadha and Rathi donned by Mihira Pathuri (also Brahma) and Pooja Reddy respectively, dazzling in off-white costume, proved to be energetic dancers with a good grasp of each other’s role and moved accordingly. In fact, the entire ensemble who danced their roles in twos and fours, exhibited perception and perfect sync. B Sudheer Rao as Daksha looked and acted the egoistic father /ruler role while M. Surendranath as Narada was glove fit. Tejaswini Butta as Vishnu, and Srinivas Sreya as Saraswati proved their dancing skills. Attention to colour scheme of the costumes by dancers representing different deities revealed the choreographer’s awareness to mythology.
If ever we were skeptical about the array of veterans put up on the invite to the Vysakhi Nrityotsav 2014 and their dance capabilities, our cynicism was made to bite the dust with the stupendous shows given by these maestros. We are bound to re-think and recast our mindset that age is of no consequence to those who have lived by dance and dance alone and have turned into virtuosos. Ranjana Gauhar’s Odissi solo was one such performance that instilled the norms of appreciating a dance form whose nuances are almost unknown to us. Whether it be the mangalacharan or the ode to Basanth rithu, Gauhar’s measured movements, her vivid hastha mudras, her languid gait that conveyed the tribhanga (tri-bend posture) in every nerve with precision to taal and her expressive face that emoted the most difficult of romance with utter elegance, had the audience eating out of her hand. We cannot imagine that a small invocatory verse to goddess Matangi (Saraswati) could carry so much import till we saw the artiste going through the prayer with deep devotion set to dance mode. The Mohan mohi Kishore… set to 14-beat taal was executed to the vilambit and madhyalay with arithmetic accuracy. Her abhinaya mirrored the archetypal Odissi where details are delved in depth even as the gestures vary to the refrain. The footwork patterns Gauhar displayed for the Basanth Rithu were a revelation to the viewers of the intricacies of this dance system.
Vani Madhav’s Odissi had all the ingredients required for the dance, but was lacklustre; the audience just trudged along since there was nothing faulty to begin with and nothing went wrong. The theme she took was elevated: Panchabhoota. And delineation of each of the five elements of nature was writ with extensive hastabhinaya. The facial expression was however taut and so was the gaze that seemed to go up and down or sideways as if through sheer habit. The Shivashatakam in raag Bhairavi was true to its content. The dancer, though strong in her art form did not exhibit any involvement or enthusiasm for her profound content to peter down to the audience. She left the stage as empty as when she came upon it. We had nothing to offer but the expected applause due to any performing artiste.

Govt to study global practices to check ponzi schemesGovt to study global practices to check growing ponzi schemes
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 17:58 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
As various ponzi schemes continue to defraud investors of hard-earned money, the government is seeking details from industry and regulators abroad about practices being followed there to check the menace.
A move is on by the government to amend the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) or (PCMCSB) Act. The comments on the amendments and the international legal and regulatory framework for regulation of Multi Level Marketing (MLM) companies and pyramid marketing companies have been obtained by the Department of Financial Services (DFS), official sources said.
The DFS has proposed for a comprehensive cabinet note and legal amendments after obtaining more industry and regulatory practices around the world independently. The process of getting details of global industry and regulatory practices is underway, they said.
The department had earlier circulated draft amendments to PCMCSB Act, 1978, to various law and enforcement agencies for their views, which have been received and are being examined by DFS, the sources said.
Regarding amendment of the PCMCSB Act, 1978, a number of meetings have taken place with capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) also.
The government was also considering forming a central nodal agency to deal with all kinds of ponzi schemes , they said.
A typical ponzi scheme involves the operator collecting a large amount of money from investors and paying them returns from their own money or the money collected from subsequent investors, rather than from profit earned by the person or entity operating such a scheme.
Such activities came to be known as ponzi schemes after Charles Ponzi, who became notorious in the United States in the 1920s for deploying this technique while promising 50 per cent return on investments in 45 days and 100 per cent within 90 days.
A large number of such schemes have come to the fore in the country as well and many of them are currently being probed by various agencies, including Sebi and Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO).
While the capital markets watchdog has been given greater powers to deal with ponzi schemes, involving Rs 100 crore or more, Sebi feels that there are still some grey areas and the regulatory loopholes need to be looked into for a greater oversight.
"Another area which still needs to be clarified is the area of MLM and PCMCSB Act... We have had (a) series of dialogue with the government (on this). The position has to be clarified to remove these loopholes," Sebi Chairman UK Sinha had told PTI recently.
The move to bring in a regulatory framework to check ponzi scheme assumes significance in the wake of multi-crore Saradha chitfund scam being probed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Sebi and Enforcement Directorate.
The SFIO had recently submitted its probe report on the Saradha scam and found it to be a ponzi scheme.

Residents of 113 border hamlets flee fearing Pakistan firingVillagers sit in a tractor as they flee their homes fearing firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Chilyari village of Samba sector in Jammu and Kashmir. (Source: AP photo)
Press Trust of India | Kanachak | Posted: October 9, 2014 6:07 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 6:26 pm
Leaving behind blood-stained beds, dismantled roof-tops and windows punctured by bullets, residents of border villages say that they were like sitting ducks for target practice of Pakistan’s troops as they marched to safer places.
“We have become sitting ducks for target practice of Pakistan’s troops. Our men have been injured in the firing and shelling and two among us have been killed,” Bagh Ali of Jorha Farm said.
Ali and 300 residents of Jorha Farm hamlet close to International Border have fled their homes fearing more firing from Pakistan’s troops.
Nearly 30,000 people have been displaced from 113 border  villages along the 192-km long International Border following one of the worst violations of the 2003 ceasefire by Pakistan which has left eight people dead and 80 others, including nine security men, injured since October 1.
“Fear of death due to Pakistan shelling has forced us to leave our home and hearths and take shelter in camps here. Our houses have been dismantled by shelling,” 47-year-old Suchet Singh of Kaku-Da Kothay told PTI.
Panicked villagers said they were fed up with the seemingly endless cycle of violence. (Source: AP photo)
“I found a new life. I narrowly escaped each time the mortar bombs rained over our house. Our rooftop was torn down and walls were pockmarked by bullets. I thanked God for saving my life and left next morning,” Mahasha Kote dweller Raghu recounted stories of worst spasm of terror in the tense region.
As per the district officials, border people from 113 hamlets located close to the IB in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts have migrated and taken refugee either at shelter camps or with their relatives.
“Over 50 border hamlets and Arnia town along IB in Jammu district are almost completely deserted,” District Magistrate Jammu, Ajeet Kumar Sahu told PTI.
People from over 20 border hamlets along IB in Samba have shifted to safer places, District Magistrate of Samba, Mubarak Singh said.
According to District Magistrate of Kathua, Shahid Iqbal, people from 43 border villages have been shifted to safe shelters in the view of heavy shelling on the IB in Hiranagar sector.
J&K Government has set up 24 camps for people evacuating areas affected by the firing and shelling, Divisional Commissioner Jammu, Shantu Manu said.
“Crisis management groups have been activated in the area on the borderline from Poonch to Kathua district,” IGP Jammu Rajesh Kumar said.

Early Christmas present from petrol marketEarly Christmas present from petrol market
By Jamie Chisholm
Potential good news for US consumer discretionary stocks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8415bd2-4f8a-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

World food prices dip to four-year low in September: FAO0
"After six months of decline, the index seems to be stabilizing," FAO economist Abdolreza Abbassian said. "Now we have to wait and see how demand responds to the very good supply."
FAO revised the index for September up to 192.7 points from a previously reported 191.5, which had been the lowest reading since August 2010.
Abbassian said the change to September's number was mainly due to the way meat prices are calculated, and did not change the overall picture.
FAO slightly lowered its forecast for world cereals output in 2014 to 2.522 billion tonnes from 2.523 billion tonnes, 3.7 million tonnes below 2013's record harvest.
The agency's world cereals stocks forecast for the end-2015 season also came in slightly lower at 624.7 million tonnes, versus 627.5 million tonnes previously predicted.
Cuts to the cereals forecasts were prompted by expectations for lower maize production in China, which more than outweighed better prospects for output in the United States.
Despite the cuts, FAO said maize output would reach a new record in 2014 under the current forecasts, and world cereals stocks would hit their highest level in 15 years.
Expectations for larger crops in the EU and Ukraine pushed the world wheat output forecast to 722.6 million tonnes, 0.7 percent above last year's record.
(Reporting by Isla Binnie; editing by James Mackenzie and William Hardy)

"Japan Plus" task force set up to speed up investments from Japan‘Japan Plus’ team set up to fast-track investments
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
India is clearly moving fast to provide extra comfort to Japanese investors and fasten hasten investments from that country.
Close on the heels of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Japan, the Government on Thursday set up a special management team – “Japan Plus” – to facilitate and fast track investment proposals from Japan.
The mandate of Japan Plus team runs through the entire spectrum of investment promotion –research, outreach, facilitation and aftercare.
It will be responsible for providing updated information on investment opportunities across sectors, in specific projects and in industrial corridors in particular.
The Government has also now set up a core group chaired by Cabinet Secretary on India-Japan Investment Promotion Partnership (IJIPP).
This core group will ensure that investments as envisaged in IJIPP are facilitated in various sectors and opportunities of investments and technology transfer are fully exploited.
Japan Plus team – set up by Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) – has representatives from the Indian Government and METI (Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry), Japan.
Japan Plus will be coordinated by Kenichiro Toyofoku, an official from METI and comprise four Indians and two Japanese officials.
Bilateral pact
The Indian tax authorities will soon sign a bilateral advance pricing agreement (APA) with their Japanese counterparts, said Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das.
This will send a strong signal about India’s commitment to reduce transfer pricing litigation and uncertainty in its tax systems.
This will be the first ever bilateral APA to be signed by India after it launched the programme in Budget 2012-13.
“The APA between the tax authorities of India and Japan have been finalised in respect of a Japanese company. It will be inked shortly,” Das said. However, he declined to name the company.
5 agreements
The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has so far signed five unilateral APAs with different companies in India.
M Laxminarayanan, Managing Partner-Tax, Deloitte, Haskins & Sells, said that Japanese investments are going to come in a big way into India.
“If APA is decided between India and Japan in mutual interests, then it is one thing that will be behind them (Japanese investors). This is because transfer pricing is the biggest challenge multinational companies are facing in India,” he said.
Aseem Chawla, Partner, MPC Legal, a law-firm said that a bilateral APA involves a foreign revenue authority as a party to a contract agreeing that the transfer pricing methodology is correct.
“To avoid potential double taxation, it is ideal that an APA is concluded on a bilateral basis between competent authorities of two countries.”
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Temasek to buy $82 mn stake in Devyani Inte...Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Temasek Holdings has agreed to invest Rs 5 billion ($82 million) to buy a stake in Devyani International, operator of KFC, Pizza Hut and Costa Coffee chains in India, three sources with direct knowledge of the matter said.
The sources said the Singapore state investor would use Rs 1 billion to purchase part of a holding in Devyani by ICICI Venture, the private equity arm of ICICI Bank .
The rest would be a direct purchase in the restaurant chain operator, the sources added, declining to specify the percentage stake that Temasek would acquire.
"The deal is done and an announcement is likely very soon," one of the sources said.
Devyani International operates more than 300 outlets of restaurant and coffee chains including Pizza Hut, KFC and Costa Coffee in India and other southeast Asian countries, according to its website.
Temasek and ICICI Venture declined to comment, while Devyani International officials did not immediately return phone calls seeking comments.
Private equity funds have invested $4.6 billion in India so far this year, compared with $3.1 billion in 2013, Thomson Reuters data showed. Consumer-related investments contributed to a fifth of the total private equity inflows so far this year. (1 US dollar = 61.0200 Indian rupee)
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Tyeb Mehta s painting fetches Rs 11 cr at So...Tyeb Mehta's Blue Painting fetches Rs 11 crore at Sotheby's India auction
By PTI | 9 Oct, 2014, 06.20PM IST
0
Share More
The piece of art by  Tyeb Mehta grossed Rs 46.4 crore (4.6 million pounds), the highest total of the season for any sale in this category.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Modernist painter Tyeb Mehta's work Blue Painting sold for over Rs 11 crore (1.1 million pounds) at Sotheby's London auction, which grossed Rs 46.4 crore (4.6 million pounds), the highest total of the season for any sale in this category.
The 1982 painting, a key transitional work by the towering Indian modernist, was bought by an anonymous bidder for nearly double its low estimate at the October 7 sale of Modern and Contemporary South Asian Art, auctioneers said.
Another important work by Akbar Padamsee, a member of Bombay Progressive Artists Group also smashed its pre-sale estimate. Padamsee's iconic 1952 painting "Prophet I" fetched more than three-times the low estimate when it sold for (530,500 pounds) RS 5.2 crore.
Yamini Mehta, Senior Director, International Head of Indian and South Asian Art called the sale a "superlative result."
"We're delighted that the sale achieved the highest result this season for any auction in this category. With a sale totalling over USD 7.5 million, and the average value of the lots sold at over USD 100,000, it was a superlative result," Mehta said.
Raza's 1956 oil on board titled "Church At Meulan" went for approx Rs 2.03 crore (206,500 pounds) much more than its pre-auction estimate.
The sale also set a new world record for Delhi-based artist Mrinalini Mukherjee whose hemp work titled "Sri" (Deity), fetched (98,500 pounds) Rs 9,726,120, a world record for any auction by the artist.
"The fresh to the market works from great private collections such as the Glenbarra Art Museum, the Collection of William and Mildred Archer, as well as numerous private collections from Europe, America and Brazil, really made a huge impact on the success of sale," Mehta said.
The Modern and Contemporary South Asian Art sale was part of the inaugural Indian and Islamic Week, alongside the Art of Imperial India and Arts of the Islamic World sales.

Regulator tightens screw on payday lendersRegulator tightens grip on payday lenders
By Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/50a42a36-4f8e-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex Sees Biggest One-Day Gain in 3 WeeksYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Ends Up 1.5%, Snaps Three Days of Losses
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 17:22 (IST)
Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
Mumbai:
The BSE Sensex rose 1.5 percent on Thursday, snapping a three-day losing streak, as hopes the U.S. Federal Reserve would not rush into raising interest rates boosted heavyweight banks and blue chips such as Bharat Heavy Electricals.
Minutes from the Fed's meeting in September, published on Wednesday, appeared to signal that concerns about the dual threats of a stronger dollar and weaker global economy could potentially push back a tightening in U.S. monetary policy. (Read: Why rupee, gold rallied today )
The stock market gains were the biggest since September 18 and were led by blue-chip stocks hit the most during a three-session sell-off that brought the indexes to their lowest close in two months on Wednesday.
Investors now await the start of April-June earnings, with Infosys set to kickstart results on Friday.
"Today's rally was basically mirroring the U.S. and regional stocks. Earnings would be the next key trigger. The overall sentiment is positive over the last several months, which pushed valuations," said Daljeet S Kohli, head of research, at IndiaNivesh.
"We advise clients to have a wait and watch approach and stick to quality stocks," Kohli said.
The benchmark BSE Sensex gained 1.49 percent at 26,637.28, while the broader Nifty closed up 1.5 percent at 7,960.55.
Bharat Heavy Electricals, which fell 16.11 percent between Sept. 1 and Wednesday, gained 8.4 percent after it won a $1.28 billion contract, which is about 7-8 percent of its total order book.
Banks were among other major gainers. State Bank of India closed 2.8 percent higher while ICICI Bank gained 2.75 percent.
Other infrastructure companies also rose. Larsen and Toubro gained 2.7 percent while GVK Power and Infrastructure closed up 3.1 percent.
Hindalco Industries, which fell 15.6 percent between Sept. 1 and Wednesday, closed 6.1 percent higher.
Shares in Cummins India closed 4.74 percent higher after Deutsche Bank upgraded the stock to "buy" from "hold" and added it to the top picks in the industrial and manufacturing sector.
However, technology stocks fell ahead of Infosys Ltd's earnings on Friday. Infosys fell 0.1 percent, adding to its 4.7 percent fall in the previous session, while Wipro closed down 1.1 percent. ( Read )
 

Rupee Ends Higher at 61.04Gold Gains Rs 130 on Wedding Season Demand
The rupee posted its biggest single-day gain in nearly two months on Thursday, after hitting the highest level in more than two weeks after the US Federal Reserve's September policy meeting minutes suggested it was in no hurry to raise interest rates.
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.04/05 per dollar compared with 61.3950/4050 on Thursday. The rupee touched 60.9025 earlier, its strongest level since Sept. 23.
The dollar fell to a three-week low against the yen, as investors cut favourable bets after minutes of the Federal Reserve's last meeting prompted many to push out expectations for the likely timing of an interest rate rise.
The index of the dollar against six major currencies was down 0.22 percent with most Asian currencies also rallying against the greenback.
"The dollar took quite a beating and we saw domestic equities rally, both together helped the rupee gain," said Naveen Raghuvanshi, a foreign exchange dealer with DCB Bank.
"We could see the pair touch 60.80 going by technicals but there is good state-run bank buying around 61 levels. Broadly the near-term range is likely to be 60.80 to 61.40/45," he added.
Traders are now awaiting retail and wholesale inflation data and factory output data due to be released next week for domestic cues.
The rupee gained for a fourth straight day, rising 0.6 percent, its biggest single-day gain since Aug. 14.
Gains in the domestic share market also helped with good dollar selling seen by custodian banks.
The BSE Sensex rose 1.5 percent, snapping a three-day losing streak, as hopes the Federal Reserve would not rush into raising U.S. interest rates boosted heavyweight banks and blue chips such as Bharat heavy Electricals Ltd.
Traders will continue to monitor shares for clues on the direction of foreign fund flows. Foreign funds have bought a net $13.95 billion in equities and $20 billion in debt so far in 2014.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.35 while the three-month was at 61.95.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Adani Group pledges to invest Rs 20 000 crore in MPAdani Group pledges to invest Rs 20 000 crore in MP
An end to Hong Kongs unrest is now more distant than everThe Future of Hong Kong
October 9, 2014
HONG KONG—A resolution to the protests that have swept Hong Kong  for the past two weeks drifted even further away today.
Ahead of talks between students and the government planned for tomorrow, protesters announced a new wave of civil disobedience, partnering with sympathetic lawmakers who vowed to veto government funding measures until concrete political reform is passed. Within a few hours, the city’s second-in-command, chief secretary Carrie Lam,  abruptly called off the talks , saying it was “impossible to have a constructive meeting” with student leaders.
The moves threaten to intensify the unrest, after days of relative calm in which protesters ceded territory, officials stressed the importance of dialogue, and police kept their distance from demonstrators.
Protest leaders announce a new wave of civil disobedience. Sign says "Insist on fighting for universal suffrage." pic.twitter.com/2kwya1cIcn
— Lily Kuo (@lilkuo) October 9, 2014
Beijing has stated unequivocally  that it will not reconsider an August 31 ruling that candidates for Hong Kong’s highest office will be selected by a committee dominated by largely pro-China loyalists, and not nominated by the public. Lam said that the students had not met the government’s conditions for negotiations, namely that the discussions were “to be within the framework” of Beijing’s decision and not be linked to the Occupy movement.
“This is proof that the government has no intention to meet at all, they are just finding excuses to refuse meeting,” student group Scholarism said in a statement . Before the government called off talks, Scholarism leader Joshua Wong said students would launch another wave of class boycotts—schools reopened this week—and street protests every day if their requests weren’t met. For its part, the Hong Kong Federation of Students called on its supporters to come out: “The government has shut out dialogue, we will hold the streets.” Student leaders are planning a mass rally tonight in Admiralty, the main protest site.
Tap image to zoom
“The government has shut out dialogue, we will hold the streets.”(Hong Kong Federation of Students)
A reinvigorated protest movement, allied with pro-democracy legislators, could make things increasingly uncomfortable for the Hong Kong establishment. Pro-democracy lawmakers occupy 27 of Hong Kong’s 70-member legislative council seats, and they may be able to exert an outsized impact on what gets funded in the city next year.
In recent days all but one  of these council members applied to be on the “public works” and “establishment” subcommittees, which approve funding for public projects and nominate directors to the finance committee. Pro-democracy members now outnumber pro-establishment legislators on both subcommittees. Chairman of these committees are elected by a simple majority, and have huge sway over the outcome of funding proposals.
The administration of Hong Kong chief executive Leung Chun-ying, better known as CY Leung, has “has lost its legitimacy to govern,” Hong Kong legislator Alan Leong said at a press conference held at the epicenter of the protest movement, a public space outside government headquarters that protesters have now dubbed “Umbrella Square.”
Friction between the pro-democracy legislators and their pro-Beijing peers has already resulted in numerous showdowns which threatened to cripple the city financially even before the protests erupted. Hong Kong’s annual budget was only passed after a 130-hour filibuster that left several departments critically short of cash, and only after three pro-democracy lawmakers were were expelled from the proceedings.
The number of protesters has dwindled these week to the hundreds, after tens of thousands poured into the streets last week. Critics say local residents are growing impatient and that demonstrators are tired of a lack of results, but protesters say that supporters will be easy mobilize again. Speaking at the press conference today, Wong  acknowledged that an escalation  would further inconvenience Hong Kong residents, telling the crowd, “We try to use a short-term burden on our daily life to exchange for political reform and true universal suffrage.”
For now, Hong Kong risks descending into near chaos, according to  Emily Lau Wai-hing , a Hong Kong legislative council member. “Beijing’s got to yield,” she told Quartz ahead of today’s press conference. “We are almost ungovernable,” she said, gesturing to the roads outside of government offices, cut off by the protests that may be set to grow in the days ahead.
Share this:

These beautiful works of art were made using algorithmsThese beautiful works of art were made using algorithms
Written by
Leo Mirani @lmirani
October 9, 2014
The Big Urbans: This visualization shows countries with  23.3 million or more urban population. The box sizes are urban population count. The color represents population density (people  per sq. km of land area) with the highest being greenish yellow (Bangladesh: 1159) and the lowest being purple (Canada: 4).(Ben Shneiderman)
SHARE
Leo Mirani @lmirani
October 9, 2014
The precise location of the boundary between art and science has been in dispute for as long as there have been arts and sciences. With the rise of computer science as a mainstream vocation, the debate has taken on new life. In 2003, Paul Graham, a prominent Silicon Valley investor, argued that “of all the different types of people I’ve known, hackers and painters are among the most alike.” Earlier this year Vikram Chandra, a novelist and sometime programmer, investigated the issue at length in his book Geek Sublime, concluding that coding is not, in fact, akin to poetry.
Ben Shneiderman does not wade into the debate. He simply blurs the boundaries instead. Shneiderman  invented the treemap  as a means of data visualisation in 1990. It has since become one of the more popular techniques of making complex data easily understood through imagery. Treemaps are suited to a wide variety of data, from the complex, such as  this one  showing fragmentation in the Android universe, to the straightforward, like the Economist’s most popular stories of last year.
As the examples linked to above show, treemaps can, in addition to being useful, also be beautiful. Enough people had commented on the aesthetic qualities of treemaps over the past quarter century that Shneiderman decided to look back at his creation using his artistic rather than analytical side. The result is a set of 12 prints, which go on display at the National Academy of Sciences in Washington DC next week.
The treemaps for the exhibit, titled “Everything AlgoRiThm has ART in it,” were created using public data sets from the World Bank, government agencies, and popular websites. Once the algorithm made the basic treemap, Shneiderman chose the color palette, often taking inspiration from artists famous for their colored rectangles, including Gene Davis and Piet Mondrian. Indeed these two pieces are direct homages:
Share
Tap image to zoom
The Singing Mondrian: Inspired by Piet Mondrian’s “Composition C (no.III), with Red, Yellow and Blue,” this treemap contains artist data about the 20 most popular artists on Last.fm.(Ben Shneiderman)
Share
Tap image to zoom
Urban Blues: This contains the urban population counts and annual urban population growth percentages for all countries for the year 2010. The wide horizontal layout and vertical stripes are inspired by Gene Davis’s style.(Ben Shneiderman)
Shneiderman had some initial pushback to his project, both from his scientist and artist friends. One scientist complained that it was difficult to see the treemaps as art. His analytical side insisted on knowing what the squares and colors represent. At the other end of the spectrum, an artist friend complained that his work did not qualify as art since it was algorithmically intermediated.
Tap image to zoom
Hans Hofman’s “The Gate.”(© 2014 Renate, Hans & Maria Hofmann Trust/Artist's Rights Society (ARS), New York)
But that ignores the subjective decisions that are part of such a project: What size should the prints be? What texture? What colors work just right? How should the boxes be laid out?
Shneiderman says that despite intending to use very specific colours—sampling from Mondrian, Josef Albers, or the flag of Maryland, for example—the final result had to be tweaked in order to look just right.
“We intervened and made aesthetic choices. That was part of the creative process,” he says.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Frequent Flyers: The boxes represent the ratio of international to domestic flights for individual airports. Larger sizes indicate more international flights. The color theme was inspired by Hans Hofmann’s “The Gate.”(Ben Shneiderman)
Still, it is important not to lose sight of the purpose of treemaps and other data visualisation, Shneiderman says: “Too many busy diagrams look beautiful but do not reveal the context. Too many visualisations are designed for visual appeal rather than intellectual insight. So to my designer colleagues, I would say, keep the aesthetics, but increase the intellectual clarity of what you are showing.”
Share
Tap image to zoom
Green Terps: This dataset was collected from the Maryland Open Data website. The dataset contains historical data on total grant amount awarded to different clean energy projects. The colors were chosen to represent the Maryland flag.(Ben Shneiderman)
Share this:

AMD appoints Lisa Su as CEOAMD appoints Lisa Su as CEO
Pakistan can respond  befittingly  to Indian actions on border  says its defence ministerPakistan can respond  befittingly  to Indian actions on border  says its defence minister
JSW Steel clarifies on London Mining dealJSW Steel clarifies on London Mining deal
Temasek to buy $82 mn stake in Devyani InternationalTemasek to buy $82 mn stake in Devyani International
Shiv Sena did not respond to my overtures: Raj ThackerayComments
My target in this election is not Shiv Sena but Congress, NCP and BJP, Raj Thackeray said.
MNS president Raj Thackeray on Thursday claimed he was willing to have a tie-up with Shiv Sena for October 15 Maharashtra assembly elections after the latter’s alliance with BJP ended, but there was no response.
“After the Sena-BJP alliance ended on September 25, the same night I talked to Sena president Uddhav Thackeray (Raj’s estranged cousin) on phone,” Raj told a news channel.
“It was agreed that leaders of the two parties (MNS and Shiv Sena) will take the discussion forward, but despite repeated attempts from our side, there was no response,” he said.
Asked what would be his party’s stand on post-poll alliance, Raj avoided a reply but said, “My target in this election is not Shiv Sena but Congress, NCP and BJP.”
Meanwhile, Shiv Sena said that party president Uddhav Thackeray will respond to Raj’s statement in due course.
“Uddhav will give whatever reaction that is to be given,” Sena spokesperson Sanjay Raut said. “Raj Thackeray’s stand in the interest of Maharashtra is welcome….We will see (what happens) after the elections,” Raut added.

Kozhikode: Nine gets life term in moral policing murder casePrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Posted: October 9, 2014 7:21 pm
Nine persons were sentenced to life imprisonment in connection with a sensational moral policing murder case. The other day, additional district sessions court in Kozhikode had found them guilty of murdering a youth, on charges of having relation with a woman.
According to the prosecution, Shahid Bava, 26, of Kodiyathur village in Kozhikode, was brutally assaulted after he was returning from the house of a woman in the late night of November 9, 2011.
A 15-member gang, which waited outside the woman’s house, tied the youth to an electric post and hit him with rods and sticks. The gang did not allow the local people to take him to hospital. Finally, police took him to hospital, but Bava died three days after.
Delivering the verdict, judge S Krishnakumar observed that people don’t have the right to punish a person on charges of a moral crime. The mob slapping moral crime on a person and punishing him for the same would destroy the judicial system in the country, the court observed.
The court ordered that the first, third and fourth accused should pay a fine of Rs 25,000 each and other convicted persons pay Rs 50,000 each. The family of the victim should be given Rs 2 lakh as compensation.
Police had found that the accused gang, which acted as moral police in their village, had maintained secrete relationships with many women. This was revealed in the scrutiny of the mobile phone call details of the accused.
A few of the accused had harboured a grudge towards Bava alleging that he had attempted to hit them with his car. They conspired to trap Bava in a moral case. The fourth accused, an auto driver, took Bava to the house of the woman late night. After dropping Bava at the house, the auto driver alerted others, who were waiting outside the house. When Bava returned from the woman’s house, the gang pounced on him. After tying him to an electric post, they savagely attacked the youth.
The prosecution had arraigned 15 persons as the accused. One of them is still absconding. Of the 14 accused, the court acquitted five.
Deceased Bava, working in Gulf, was on a leave. The woman was a housewife and mother of a girl.

Carl Icahn says Apple is worth a lot moreBillionaire Carl Icahn: Apple is worth a lot more
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN October 9, 2014: 1:40 PM ET
 
Icahn doesn't care if Apple innovates
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Billionaire Carl Icahn is known to throw punches at corporate management, but he's lobbing a softball at Apple.
In an open letter to Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) CEO Tim Cook Thursday, the activist hedge fund manager called the company "one of the best investments we have ever seen" and urged the tech giant to ramp up the size and pace of its stock buybacks.
Icahn believes that Apple stock is worth over $200 per share (roughly double where it is now), driven by the success of the new iPhone 6 as well as upcoming products such as the iWatch and rumored Apple TV.
"We believe Apple is dramatically undervalued in today's market, and the more shares repurchased now, the more each remaining shareholder will benefit from that earnings growth," Icahn said in the letter.
Related: Shrewd investor Carl Icahn is killing it
He didn't specify a specific price or amount of shares he'd like to see bought back. Apple is currently repurchasing around $25 billion of stock per year, according to Icahn's forecast. His investment firm, Icahn Enterprises ( IEP ), is one of Apple's largest shareholders with 53 million shares (equal to about $5.3 billion at the current stock price).
In response to Icahn, Apple released a statement Thursday with an accompanying chart noting that the company has already bought back $51 billion worth of stock in recent years.
"Since 2013 we've been aggressively executing the largest capital return program in corporate history," Apple asserted. "As we've said before, we will review the program annually and take into account the input from all of our shareholders."
Related: Not everything Apple touches is gold
Stock buybacks serve as a way for companies to return cash through shareholders and often suggest that it believes its shares are worth more than their current price. Icahn said that to "preemptively diffuse any cynical criticism" that he just wants a short-term gain, he wouldn't sell any shares as part of a future buyback.
Earlier this year, Icahn dropped his proposal for Apple to institute a $150 billion buyback after an influential shareholder advisory group said they would not support the plan. That said, he takes credit for pushing Apple to do other buybacks in the past.
 
EBay breaks up with PayPal
But unlike other campaigns for change at the companies he owns, Icahn didn't lambaste Cook for spending too much time on the golf course. Instead, he's indicated that he's pretty pleased with the job he's been doing.
"To be totally clear, this letter is in no way intended as a criticism of you as CEO, nor is it intended to be critical of anything you or your team are doing from an operational perspective at Apple," the letter said. "Quite to the contrary, we could not be more supportive of you and your team, and of the excellent work being done at Apple, a company that continues to change the world through technological innovation."
Apple stock has been on a tear this year -- rising over 25% to new all-time highs. Icahn began building up his sizable stake in the company last year, so he's already profited quite handsomely. The stock popped 1% Thursday morning after the letter.
First Published: October 9, 2014: 9:42 AM ET
Most Popular

http://usat.ly/1yPZatyFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Icahn: Apple shares sell at 'half price' value
Investor Carl Icahn says Apple is undervalued in the market and gave Apple CEO Tim Cook a vote of confidence.
Post to Facebook
Icahn: Apple shares sell at 'half price' value Investor Carl Icahn says Apple is undervalued in the market and gave Apple CEO Tim Cook a vote of confidence. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vTwoEA
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
35
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Icahn: Apple shares sell at 'half price' value
Mike Snider , USA TODAY 4:50 p.m. EDT October 10, 2014
Carl Icahn, billionaire investor and chairman of Icahn Enterprises Holdings LP, left, walks outside of the Nasdaq  MarketSite with Robert Greifeld, chief executive officer and president of Nasdaq OMX Group Inc., in New York, U.S., on Tuesday, March 27, 2012.
(Photo: Scott Eells, Bloomberg)
240 CONNECT 164 TWEET 30 LINKEDIN 35 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Corrections & clarifications: An earlier version of this report misstated Microsoft's bid for Yahoo in 2008.
As a major Apple shareholder, Carl Icahn thinks his stock in the iPhone maker should have more iValue.
So Icahn — who owns 53 million shares in Apple — on Thursday fired off a note to Apple CEO Tim Cook. The message: Apple should buy back more of its own stock.
He says Apple is an undervalued company that should repurchase even more of its shares before the market catches up. Apple shares, which closed at $100.80 on Wednesday, should be worth $203 based on projected earnings, Icahn said in the letter posted on his website .
Icahn said he believes there is "a massive undervaluation" that "will not last for long."
Activist Icahn agitates for more Apple share buybacks
Bolstered by the success of the iPhone 6, Apple over the next three fiscal years is poised for "robust earnings growth of 44%, 30%, and 30% respectively," driven by revenue growth of 25%, 21%, and 21%, Icahn said.
Fueling the growth will be other successful products. including the Apple Watch and a possible Apple iOS Ultra HD TV, he said.
"It is truly a watershed moment, with Apple poised to take market share from Google (Android) in the premium device market as iPhone 6 becomes Apple's flagship device among a growing collection of products and services that work together to form an increasingly dominant mobile ecosystem," Icahn said.
"Icahn has laid it all out, and it would be easy to see how it works," says  Colin Gillis, an analyst at BGC Partners.
But he makes many assumptions that may not come true, Gillis says. "In the tech landscape, trends can shift relatively quickly."
For instance, Icahn's forecast that Apple could sell 72.5 million smartwatches in its fiscal 2017 "may prove to be a reckless number," Gillis says. "Apple remains primarily the iPhone company, and they are bucking the trend by raising prices as the average sale price drops."
This is just the latest of Icahn's offensives in the tech industry. He called for eBay's spin-off of PayPal for months before the online marketplace announced the plan two weeks ago.
Last year, he first fought then dropped his fight against Dell founder Michael Dell and Silver Lake Partners' deal to take the PC company private, but still criticized it as undervaluing the company. Icahn also earned three seats on Yahoo's board in the wake of shareholder unrest in 2008 when the company spurned Microsoft's $47.5 billion acquisition offer.
Last year, Icahn urged Cook to buy back up to $150 billion worth of the stock, and Cook has said that the company plans to buy up to $100 billion worth by the end of next year.
Our letter to @tim_cook re $AAPL on @YahooFinance Contributors &quot;Sale: Apple Shares at Half Price&quot; http://t.co/z4F2XMtHv8
— Carl Icahn (@Carl_C_Icahn) October 9, 2014
Apple (AAPL) has $133 billion in cash on hand, and Cook should issue a tender offer to "meaningfully accelerate and increase the magnitude of share repurchases," Icahn said.
He offered not to tender any of his 53 million shares "to pre-emptively diffuse any cynical criticism that you may encounter with respect to our request," Icahn says.
Icahn also gave Cook a vote of confidence, calling him "the ideal CEO for Apple."
The letter, he said, is not "intended to be critical of anything you or your team are doing from an operational perspective at Apple. Quite to the contrary, we could not be more supportive."
Icahn would not mount a proxy fight if Cook and Apple don't listen, he said on CNBC. "We believe it is one of the greatest companies, literally, of the last few decades," he said.
In response to Icahn, Apple issued this statement: "We always appreciate hearing from our shareholders. Since 2013 we've been aggressively executing the largest capital return program in corporate history. As we've said before, we will review the program annually and take into account the input from all of our shareholders."
In August, Icahn took a 6.6% stake in Gannett, owner of USA TODAY, saying he wants a role in the company's planned split of its TV, digital and newspaper divisions.
240 CONNECT 164 TWEET 30 LINKEDIN 35 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vTwoEA

http://usat.ly/1o1lHixFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dow plunges 335 points in biggest drop since June 2013
As of 12:30 ET, the Dow Jones industrial average, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq composite are each down in the 1.3% neighborhood.
Post to Facebook
Dow plunges 335 points in biggest drop since June 2013 As of 12:30 ET, the Dow Jones industrial average, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq composite are each down in the 1.3% neighborhood. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vTwf48
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
89
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dow plunges 335 points in biggest drop since June 2013
Adam Shell and Gary Strauss 6:47 p.m. EDT October 9, 2014
Video Keywords Warren Levinson macro trade NASDAQ Associated Press
It was another wild ride for the stock market as the Dow Jones industrial average had its biggest plunge of the year, dropping 334-points just a day after the Dow had its biggest gain of the year. (Oct. 9) AP
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:04  Wall -- Yo-Yo that -- third day. Jones industrial average
00:08  ended the session down 334. Points -- biggest one day one
00:12  -- the year. Energy stocks led the slide is the price
00:15  of -- continue to slope oil fell 2% on worries global
00:19  economy will slow even as production remains high. Stronger US economy
00:24  also weighed on crude prices for the past couple years away.
00:28  Weak dollar brought higher gold and higher. Crude oil and just
00:33  higher commodity prices in general -- dollar's strengthening -- servicing. And
00:37  unwind of that macro trade Thursday's selloff follows 272. Point loss
00:42  on Tuesday. And 275. -- a couple of days later. And
00:46  the reason we're seeing increased volatility is this more and certainty
00:50  now facing investors and what we saw. Just a few months
00:53  ago at the close of trading the Dow and NASDAQ were
00:56  down 2% in the stint with 102 point 1%. Now has
01:00  had this many big swings since August -- -- Government wants
01:05  to AAA credit -- Warren Levinson Associated Press.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
1509 CONNECT 341 TWEET 18 LINKEDIN 89 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Renewed worries about global economic growth, corporate earnings and market valuations propelled U.S. stocks to huge losses Thursday.
The Dow Jones industrial average sank  335 points (2%) to 16,659,  the blue chip barometer's biggest drop since a 354 point slide on June 6, 2013. The carnage to broader indexes was just as pronounced, with the Standard & Poors 500  slumping 2% to 1,928, the Nasdaq composite sliding  2% to 4,378 and the small stock Russell 2000 sinking 2.5% to 1,069, sparking fears that selling pressures could linger.
Thursday's losses were a sharp reversal from Wednesday, when the Dow clocked a near 275-point gain -  biggest of the year - inspired by the release of Federal Reserve's meeting minutes signaling the central bank intent to keep interest rates low.
WHO: Some blame ECB's Draghi for sell-off
All 10 of the S&P's 10 industry sectors were bloodied Thursday.
Energy stocks were particularly hard hit as crude oil prices continued to slide. The S&P Energy sector index was off 3% after benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude oil and Brent crude continued to slide. In after hours trading, West Texas crude  was trading below $85 a barrel for the first time since November 2012.
Thursday's Dow slide was its first three-day move of at least 200 points since August 2011, when the nation's AAA-grade debt was downgraded.
"I think the market has simply taken enough body blows that it was ready for a head shot,'' says Jordan Kimmel, chief investment officer at Investview.
Investors headed to safe havens, such as Treasuries. Yields on 10-year notes fell to 2.3%, lowest in nearly 15 months.
WINNERS: 5 stocks bucking the market's rough ride
European markets erased early gains and ended with a  third straight day of losses. Markets in Asia were less settled. Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index fell 0.8%, but Hong Kong's Hang Seng index added 1.2%.
Renewed volatility and jitters appears to have gripped a market looking for direction. "The market swings daily now with bad news about the global economy being bad news and bearish one day and being good news and bullish the next,'' says Edward Yardeni, chief investment strategist at Yardeni Research.
"On the bad days, investors are pessimistic that the Fed and other central banks have any tools left to boost growth. On good days, they hope that they were wrong the day before. If you are confused by all this, you should be," Yardeni says.
With third quarter earnings season underway, corporate profits could be key to the market's direction.
"Investors are in a volatile fog until we get clarity on the earnings front and forward guidance," says Joseph Quinlan, chief market strategist at U.S. Trust. "Until then, the roll coaster ride will continue."
Says Prudential Financial market strategist Quinck Krosby;  "Investors need to hear from companies with regard to demand for their goods and services. Ultimately, this should be the best indicator of the depth of the global slowdown.
Investors in Europe were looking ahead to a speech in Washington by European Central Bank chiefe Mario Draghi.
Economic forecasters have cut Germany's growth rate to 1.3% from 1.9% due to weak eurozone and global growth as well as uncertainty over the Ukraine crisis.
The International Monetary Fund cut its outlook for this year and next for global growth, citing weakness in Japan, Latin America and Europe. The IMF expects the global economy will grow 3.3% this year, below what it forecast in July.
Among Thursday's few bright spots: Apple, which neared its all-time $103.74 in early trading before closing up 22 cents to $101.02. Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn again prodded CEO Tim Cook to shake some cash loose and buy back company shares. Icahn says AAPL stock is undervalued and says shares are worth $203.
Contributing: Ed Brackett, Kim Hjelmgaard, and the Associated Press.
October again takes stock investors on a roller coaster ride http://t.co/Om7W5Lzzka (Photo: Paul Ruben) pic.twitter.com/cMI2gheWga
1509 CONNECT 341 TWEET 18 LINKEDIN 89 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vTwf48

Nat gas inventories up 105 BCFnat gas inventories up 105 bcf
Stocks near session lows after year s best rallyThursday,  9 Oct 2014 |  4:09  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Correction watch: Is this the big one?
CNBC asks activist investor Carl Icahn and CNBC contributor Michael Farr whether Thursday's big stock market losses mean the big correction has finally arrived. The "Fast Money" traders weigh in.
U.S. stocks sank on Thursday, erasing all and more of the previous day's rally, as investors bypassed U.S. corporate earnings and economic reports to focus on global concerns, including Europe's softening economy.
"We've added global growth concerns on top of other headline risks, (such as) air strikes, Ebola," said Sean McCarthy, regional chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Private Bank.
Ahead of Wall Street's start, data showed a 5.8 percent drop in German exports in August, adding to downbeat numbers that had German industrial orders and output falling as well.
"Europe's growth is weak, and close to going into recessionary like conditions; everyone is waiting for the bazooka to be fired," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott.
Stocks furthered their losses after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said there are indications that the euro zone's economic growth is slowing and that central bankers should strive to boost inflation.
"To some extent we've lost the optimism that drove the markets higher over the course of the year, whether it's worry about the impact of people dying of the latest contagion, whether worry about what will happen when the Fed is no longer pumping money into the economy, or Europe and the slowing there," said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank.
After rising to 19.38, its highest level since Feb. 6, the CBOE Volatility Index , a measure of investor uncertainty, rose 24 percent to 18.76. The Russell 2000 Index of small-cap companies fell 2.7 percent.
Gap fell sharply after the retailer tallied disappointing sales in September and said its chief executive officer would depart; PepsiCo gained after hiking its outlook, and Apple rose after Carl Icahn called on the technology company to increase its share buybacks .
Read More Midday movers: Tesla, Apple, Yelp & more
The market's decline "certainly isn't any of the U.S. news; jobless claims continue to point to a sturdy labor market," Luschini said of the number of Americans filing for jobless benefits , which declined last week, with the four-month average hitting an eight-year low.
Separately, wholesale inventories rose 0.7 percent in August, compared to expectations of a 0.3 percent gain.
"We need to wipe out some valuation excess to de-rate to a level that is more indicative of this two-speed global economy, where the U.S. looks good but the rest of the world looks suspiciously weak," Luschini said.
Symbol

Apples new iPhone is a giant win for Taiwan SemiconductorOctober 9, 2014
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing may have a new best friend from Cupertino.
The world’s biggest chipmaker stands to earn as much as 20% of its revenue in the fourth quarter from supplying Apple with chips for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, according to Mark Li and David Dai. (The Bernstein Research analysts published a research note on the topic Thursday.)
Taiwan Semiconductor, which last year supplanted Samsung as the main supplier of processors for the latest model’s of Apple’s smartphone, reportedly  has been running at capacity to get the chips to Apple’s assembly plants.
Latest news from @Chipworks : The A8 processor was fabricated at TSMC and uses a 20 nm CMOS manufacturing process.
— iFixit (@iFixit) September 19, 2014
Though TSM isn’t slated to report earnings until next week, the company said Thursday that sales in the month of September rose 35% from a year earlier to $2.5 billion. The pressure is on. Apple may be monitoring both TSM and Samsung “before finalizing the supply allocation at the two companies,” according Bernstein’s Li and Dai.
Share this:

RIL approaches SAT against Sebi s Rs 13 cr penaltyRIL approaches SAT against Sebi s Rs 13 cr penalty
FDI inflows to hit all-time high this fiscalFDI inflows to hit all-time high this fiscal
Sensex  Nifty end sharply higher on dovish Fed MinutesSensex  Nifty end sharply higher on dovish Fed Minutes
Gold to hover around $1 200/oz with a downward bias for the remainder of the year: CARE RatingsHi Guest
Gold to hover around $1,200/oz with a downward bias for the remainder of the year: CARE Ratings
Increased buying from China and India could provide some cushion for prices  CARE Ratings in a research report has mentioned that the gold is likely to hover around the $1,200/oz range with a downward bias for the remainder of the year. As per the ...

Flipkart sale: mega success or epic faillifestyle and leisure
Online megastore Flipkart’s “Big Billion Day” sale generated unprecedented buzz in the online community but most of it, however, was not the pleasant kind. The sale drew fierce brickbats from online shoppers, annoyed by limited stocks and website crashes, as well as offline retailers who wrote to Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman demanding e-commerce be regulated.
#Flipkart was trending on Twitter through the day, but it was constantly behind rival Snapdeal’s #CheckSnapdealToday, which remained the top trend in India. Another rival eBay, with # AsliDealsONeBay, was not far behind either.
Disgruntled shoppers were ruthless in their criticism of the homegrown retail giant. By the end of the day, upset shoppers had turned their anger to crackling humour, churning out jokes at a relentless pace.
“New on FlipKart: Robert Vadra purchasing lands in Haryana on 99% discount,” said one shopper.
“Huge discount on Sold Out products,” said another. Some went on to mock even the error messages that the website purportedly kept returning.”
“Good news. The 500 Internal Server Error pages are gone from flipkart. Now you have 404 Page Not Found pages. 19.2% off on error message,” quipped a shopper.
Others went on to compare Flipkart to IRCTC, notorious for its sluggish web performance during peak hours.
“'Sold out' is to Flipkart what “Please try again later” is to IRCTC,” a shopper tweeted.
So did the festive ambush marketing trick - with a multi-crore advertising campaign waking readers up on a lazy Monday morning - work for Flipkart? Or did it end-up driving dissatisfied shoppers to rivals Snapdeal and eBay?
Flipkart founders Sachin and Binny Bansal sounded happy with the sale and thanked shoppers.
“…unprecedented day for us…we got a billion hits on our site today and achieved our 24 hour sales target of $100 mn in GMV in just 10 hours. We are truly humbled by the immense faith our customers have shown in us,” the duo said.
"We got a billion hits on our site today & achieved sales target of $100 mn in just 10 hours: Sachin & Binny Bansal of #Flipkart @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) October 6, 2014
The sale started at 8:00 a.m. offering extravagant discounts - as much as 90 per cent - on several popular products ranging from cosmetics and apparel to electronics.
Most shoppers, however, found stocks running dry minutes after the sale commenced and announced they would rather shop with rivals Snapdeal and eBay.
Snapdeal reported a “15x growth in the traffic” on their website on Monday and claimed to have sold “a smartphone every 6 seconds, a laptop every 20 seconds and a tablet every 30 seconds” over the weekend.
Competing with #Flipkart 's BigBillionDay sale,SnapDeal reports “15x growth in traffic” on Monday; claim Electronics grew by 200% @the_hindu
— Mahim Pratap Singh (@mayhempsingh) October 6, 2014
“Apparel, Electronics and Home grew at over 200% as compared to the average for the last 30 days,” said a company spokesperson.
Other retailers claimed record sales too.
“Today (Monday), on the last day of our ‘Mission to Mars’ campaign, we have witnessed a 100% increase in sales since yesterday,” Amazon India said in a statement.

Jubilant FoodWorks to bring more brands to IndiaJubilant FoodWorks to bring more brands to India
M Rajendran  New Delhi, October 07, 2014
First Published: 23:53 IST(7/10/2014) | Last Updated: 07:22 IST(8/10/2014)
Comments
Jubilant FoodWorks Ltd, which runs the Dunkin’ Donuts and Domino’s Pizza chains in India, plans to bring more brands into the country in the next five years.
“Jubilant FoodWorks will bring more brands into India in the next five years, as well as create its own brand in the food space,” said Ajay Kaul, CEO of Jubilant FoodWorks.
The company plans to add 150 new Domino’s Pizza outlets in 2015-16 to its existing 795. Consumers will also be able to order non-pizza items from the outlets without the mandatory purchase of a Pizza. Any order of Rs. 400 will not require the compulsory purchase of a Pizza. “We are a Pizza company and we will always be, but we want to encourage the side orders too,” Kaul said. 
What’s more, the new offerings from Domino’s will also cater to differing tastes of Indians. To begin wit,h it will be hot spicy toppings from Andhra Pradesh, followed by Tamil Nadu, Kerala and West Bengal. “We will introduce this over the next six months and will cover many other states by the end of the financial year,” Kaul said.
He also added that Dunkin’ Donuts will have 500 outlets in India in the next 15 years against the current 38 in 12 cities.
The company is working on a new donut, especially targetted at the youth segment, especially those in the 25-50 age group.
“Dunkin’ Donuts is working on a new donut to be launched soon... It’s a ‘mistake donut’,” said Dev Amritesh, president and COO, Dunkin’ Donuts. “It will be hot spice on cream spread over the Donut with the taste of an exotic Asian fruit.”

The Internet of Things: Interacting objects   exciting opportunities0
“While there may be 50 billion sensors deployed by 2020,” he said, “most of them aren’t deployed yet.”
IoT is early in its life-cycle, with emerging demands revolving around how to prepare workers of the future, clarify legal rights surrounding vast looming stores of information, and how to create, package and sell new services. It also means rethinking entire companies and industries.
“Today’s hierarchical corporate business structure was built to optimize from the top down for the average decision, in average circumstances, so that on average a business could make money,” Turner said. “IoT changes this, allowing every decision to be customized based on real-time information in the field. It is a new way of thinking and acting.”
If human communication fueled the past 25 years of Internet growth, many are placing bets that machines will fuel the next 25. By 2020, trends highlighted by Jabil manufacturing consultants show, there will be more things than people on the Internet — putting the IoT market at $7.1 trillion.
Sujeet Chand, Rockwell Automation senior vice president and CTO, said the upshot will be “turning data into actionable information for improved decision-making.”
“Everyone is a ‘winner’ in the sense that manufacturing is at an inflection point,” he said.
Chand said he saw changes coming from the convergence of integrated control and information technologies, which IoT further accelerates.
Chand said manufacturing companies that have worked with Rockwell approach the shift to IoT in steps:
Assess the situation. Chand said that includes getting a sense of network infrastructure, the production environment, how data is gathered and reported, information security and who will be on the cross-functional team guiding further development.
Build a moat. Many companies realize they need to secure and upgrade networks and controls so it is secure on many levels, Chand said.
Build and catalog a library. Chand said the next step is defining and organizing working data so that it can more easily communicate between plant floors and corporate business systems.
Install analytics. Once data is in place and organized, it can be parsed for insights into how efficiently inventory is handled, how effectively supply chains are managed, and how happy customers are with their service.
Collaborate. The nice thing about clean data, Chand said, is that it can be shared among people, devices and machines in new ways.
“I think we are absolutely on the cusp of tremendous growth,” Accenture’s Banerjee said. “Once it’s started, it’s going to catch like wildfire.”

What s in a $163 000 sedan2014 Mercedes-Benz S63 AMG 4Matic is so ridulously luxurious yet sickly beastly.
Performance and luxury combine in 2014 MB S63 AMG to deliver the royal treatment.
5.5L twin turbo V8 diret injection making 577 hp and 664 lb-ft is not enough said; this beast is gorgeous.
Come in. Take a seat. Relax.  
Perfect your seating position with 16 possible functions to nail that sweet spot. Fill your head with the dulcet tones emanating from a 24-speaker Burmeister sound system with telescoping corner speakers. Indulge in aromatherapy with four different scents. Luxuriate with one of six different massage settings, including one that is heated.
Then, because this is a $163,835 car, I guess you can drive, but why add the stress?
Caption 2016 Volvo XC90 first look
Volvo says the XC90 is "a true seven-seater, with a focus on ease of use."
Volvo says the XC90 is "a true seven-seater, with a focus on ease of use."
Caption 2016 Volvo XC90 first look
Volvo says the XC90 is "a true seven-seater, with a focus on ease of use."
Volvo says the XC90 is "a true seven-seater, with a focus on ease of use."
Caption Corvette Stingray: All American Muscle
TIME's Bill Saporito test drives Chevy's newest Corvette Stingray.
TIME's Bill Saporito test drives Chevy's newest Corvette Stingray.
Caption Behind the Wheel of the Nissan Rogue
Behind the Wheel of the Nissan Rogue
Behind the Wheel of the Nissan Rogue
Caption 2015 Ford Fiesta Review
2015 Ford Fiesta Review
Caption 2015 Volvo XC60 T6 Drive-E
A safe bet for those who don't need all-wheel drive.
A safe bet for those who don't need all-wheel drive.
In fact, a $163,000 Mercedes is equipped with so many advanced safety features that driving seems optional. Attention Assist will alert erratic drivers of inconsistent steering patterns and suggest they pull over; Collision Prevention Assist will apply brakes when the system detects an insufficient safety buffer at speeds over 20 mph; the optional Driver Assistance Package ($2,800) might be worth a review of its own. It features night view assist, which highlights obscure traffic or pedestrians in a black and white pop-up screen in the center of the instrument cluster; lane keeping assist and blind spot assist notify you of the err of your ways and give you a moment to correct it before the sedan does it automatically. There’s more, of course, but the most impressive thing about this one percenter is what powers it all.
Mercedes-Benz performance division, AMG, has customized the flagship S-series luxury liner into a performance beast. Under the hood is a 5.5-liter twin turbo V-8 with direct injection that generates 577 horsepower and 664 pound-feet of torque. It doesn’t seem right to have so much power underlying such opulence but why not offer it all in one stunning package?
This is the royal treatment.
From a stop, the twin turbo has a slight lag before the stomach-dropping burst of power that still nets a 0-60 mph time of 3.9 seconds. It hits the ground with a 7-speed quasi-automatic transmission with all-wheel-drive that favors the rear wheels. Technically called a “Multi-clutch technology” transmission by AMG, the MCT has shorter shift times so gear changes, including double clutching when down shifting, feel instantaneous even with the click of the paddle shifters. The V-8 rumble is unexpected and exceptional, providing an edgy release amidst such refinement.
The difference in ride quality at 60 mph and 100 mph or more is non-existent. Suspension and steering settings can be adjusted from sport to comfort via the center controls, and an Eco mode is available to utilize start/stop technology. While the redesigned model is 200 pounds lighter, conserving fuel is not a priority.
The price of the car is manageable, but the extra 30 cents a gallon for premium fuel…oh well, it's a nice thought.
kkldmurphy

2014 Mercedes-Benz S63 AMG galleryCaption 2014 Mercedes-Benz S63 AMG 4MATIC
Michael Tercha, Chicago Tribune
The Mercedes S63 AMG 4Matic with 5.5L Biturbo V8 in Chicago Tuesday, Sept. 16 2014.
The Mercedes S63 AMG 4Matic with 5.5L Biturbo V8 in Chicago Tuesday, Sept. 16 2014. (Michael Tercha, Chicago Tribune)
Caption 2014 Mercedes-Benz S63 AMG 4MATIC
Michael Tercha, Chicago Tribune
The dual exhaust pipe on the Mercedes S63 AMG 4Matic with 5.5L Biturbo V8 in Chicago Tuesday, Sept. 16 2014.
The dual exhaust pipe on the Mercedes S63 AMG 4Matic with 5.5L Biturbo V8 in Chicago Tuesday, Sept. 16 2014. (Michael Tercha, Chicago Tribune)

For a Bit  He Was Anil Ambani  Street CleanerYou are here: Home Nation
For a Bit Today, He Was Anil Ambani, Street Cleaner
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 08, 2014 17:13 (IST)
Mumbai: One of the country's richest businessmen, Anil Ambani, swept part of a Mumbai road near the Church Gate station today, as he joined Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Clean India campaign.
 
The PM tweeted, "Wonderful effort by Shri Anil Ambani, who cleaned the area around Churchgate Station in Mumbai along with his friends. #MyCleanIndia."
Wonderful effort by Shri Anil Ambani, who cleaned the area around Churchgate Station in Mumbai along with his friends. #MyCleanIndia
- Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 8, 2014
 
Mr Ambani, 55, the chairman of the Reliance Group, was among nine eminent Indians tagged by PM Modi last week when he launched the five-year mission to remove litter from public places.
 
The PM asked his nominees to tag others - Mr Ambani's selection includes superstar Amitabh Bachchan and sports icons Mary Kom and Sania Mirza.
Story first published on: October 08, 2014 12:40 (IST)

Hong Kong will never be the same againAfter the protests, Hong Kong will never be the same again
By David Pilling
A yearning for democracy will ensure a prolonged period of political volatility
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d85fe5c-4e29-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Through the lens: Blood MoonUpdated: October 8, 2014 20:52 IST
Through the lens: Blood Moon
Internet Desk
Tweet
A combination photo shows (clockwise from top left) the moments during and after a total lunar eclipse, also known as a "blood moon", pictured from Encinitas, California. Photo: Reuters
Lunar eclipse occurs on a full moon day when the moon comes diametrically opposite the sun, as viewed from earth. The next eclipse of the year will be a partial solar eclipse on October 23.
The moon appears orange or red, the result of sunlight scattering off Earth's atmosphere. Photo: AP
Partial lunar eclipse seen in Chennai. Photo: V. Ganesan
A lunar eclipse dips down behind the Wheeler Town Clock in Manitou Springs, Colorado. Photo: AP
A seagull flies in front of a total lunar eclipse, also known as a "blood moon", in Sydney. Photo: Reuters
The total eclipse is the second of four over a two-year period that began April 15 and concludes on Sept. 28, 2015. Photo: Reuters
A lunar eclipse is seen near a statue entitled "Enlightenment Giving Power" by John Gelert, which sits at the top of the dome of the Bergen County Courthouse in Hackensack, New Jersey. Photo: AP
The Earth's shadow begins to fall on the moon during a total lunar eclipse, as it goes behind a weathervane shaped like a Spanish galleon on the Freedom Tower in Miami. Photo: AP
The moon turns orange during a total lunar eclipse behind the CN Tower and the skyline during moonset in Toronto. Photo: Reuters
A lunar eclipse dips beneath the Sunsphere in Knoxville, Tennessee. Photo: AP
The Moon is bathed in a red light during a lunar eclipse seen over Tabira Cathedral in Hirado, southern Japan. Photo: AP

Broadcom pursues internet of thingsBroadcom wants your help to build the internet of things
By Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f3213df6-4513-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Will there ever be another Ice Bucket Challenge— Nigella Lawson (@Nigella_Lawson) October 7, 2014
Alas, while the hashtag’s done pretty well thus far, the chances of ALS-level virality are slim. Traffic on the tag has dropped precipitously since Hiddleston shared his selfie two days ago, and — per Twitter analytics tool Dataminr — the majority of the tweets have stayed confined to Britain. That’s not necessarily the campaign’s fault. The chances that anything will be “the next ice bucket challenge” are remote.
“Resist the pressure to mimic the Ice Bucket Challenge,” Nathaniel Ward, a fundraiser for the Heritage Foundation, wrote on his personal blog in August. “There’s no plan you can copy … [and] you can’t recreate the conditions for success.”
Those conditions, one nonprofit expert told The Wall Street Journal , include a web of seasonal, subjective and otherwise serendipitous factors: It was summer, it was easy, “it touched people,” it was fun. Later research suggested the hashtag was driven primarily by young, sporty men, a demographic most ALS fundraisers wouldn’t think to target.
Think of the meme in purely evolutionary terms. (Evolution is, after all, where the word meme comes from .) The social Web is an unforgiving, Darwinian place. The only ideas that thrive are the ones deemed reproducible by large, disparate cascades of people. Organic hashtags that nonprofits jump onto later — a la #icebucketchallenge — have grow up in this environment. They’ve proven that they can survive in the wild.
Successors like #wakeupcall, on the other hand, have been handed down from on high, strategized by high-powered consultants and pushed by celebrities. They follow all the purported best practices of the Ice Bucket Challenge: They’re silly, they’re youthful, they explicitly nominate other people to join in. And yet, just because these campaigns follow the ice bucket playbook doesn’t mean they’ll see ice bucket-level success.
You can’t make fetch happen; it has to happen on its own.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Marines planned massive evacuation on Iraqs Mount SinjarBy Dan Lamothe October 8 Follow @danlamothe
A U.S. Marine Corps MV-22 Osprey aircraft with Marine Medium Tiltrotor Squadron 263 (Reinforced), of the 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit, departs the flight deck of the USS Mesa Verde earlier this year. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Staff Sgt. Lukas Atwell)
As the humanitarian crisis in northern Iraq stretched for days this summer, a question hung in the air: Would the United States deploy troops and aircraft to evacuate thousands of members of a religious minority group who had fled to Mount Sinjar and its surrounding cliffs to get away from the Islamic State?
The issue was raised after U.S. troops flew helicopters and V-22 Ospreys into northern Iraq as the military sent troops in to assess the situation. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said at the time that Marines and sailors involved wouldn’t have a combat mission, but “there are some things we can continue to do.” A Pentagon official, Col. Steve Warren, said at the time that about four Ospreys were in Iraq.
It turns out the mission up for consideration at the time was far broader, however. Gen. James F. Amos, the Marine Corps commandant, told USA Today that the service was preparing for a massive evacuation of the minority Yazidis that would have included about 24 Ospreys. The mission would have included not only aircraft pulled off Navy ships in the Middle East, but additional Ospreys that had been flown out of Afghanistan to Kuwait, Amos said.
“The plan was to pick everyone off the mountain,”Amos told USA Today in an article published Wednesday. “It was going to be a ’round the clock operation.”
“It would have been the largest evacuation that I can think of,” Amos added. “It could have been very dangerous as well.”
The scope of such an operation, involving multiple squadrons of aircraft, would have made it exceedingly rare. And as the commandant suggested, it would have opened U.S. troops up to risks like potential ground fire; they also would have had to negotiate treacherous terrain around Mount Sinjar.
U.S. Special Forces eventually landed a team on the mountain to assess the danger, and discovered the situation was not as severe as previously thought, Rear Adm. John Kirby, the Pentagon press secretary, said Aug. 14 . The U.S. military’s airdrops had helped supply the Yazidis, and airstrikes in the region enabled many of them to flee the region without harm. Discussions about an aerial evacuation were called off at that point, defense officials said.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Millennials in the Workplace Want to Give Back  so Let Them!reddit
The Case Foundation and Achieve recently published a study that supports the idea that many of us in the volunteer industry have thought all along: giving back to meaningful causes is important to millennials.
Nearly half of millennials (47 percent) have volunteered through their workplace during the past month, and even more than 50 percent reported that the charitable causes companies support are an influence when deciding where to work. This is not only a great discovery for the nonprofit community, but also for corporations who sought guidance on attracting and retaining the millennial workforce.
Many corporations have already put these findings into practice. At this year's Points of Light National Conference on Volunteering and Service, I sat in a room full of executives from companies including Hasbro, Virgin United, Warby Parker, Timberland, IBM and many more who all pledged their commitment to employee engagement in community service through staff volunteer programs. However, there are still companies that want to start their own programs for their employees, but don't know how to do so.
During my eight years working in volunteer management, I have partnered with a variety of companies, including American Express, Bank of America, Deloitte, Diesel, and Simon & Schuster.  These partnerships were successful because we created events that benefited both the nonprofit organization and its corporate partner. In order to have a tailored experience that resonates with millennials, corporations should take the following five steps:
1) Contact the nonprofit early. This gives them time to offer you their best choice of activity and to coordinate logistics. If you are looking to volunteer around the holidays, reach out no later than end of October.
2) Be open to non-traditional volunteer experiences. Nonprofits are utilizing volunteers in innovative and strategic ways to help move their missions forward -- not just painting or gardening. These include assisting with communitywide outreach for the non-profit's programs and conducting follow up surveys to measure the effectiveness of the nonprofit's services.
3) Offer funding to support the program, please.  Many nonprofits could not survive without the help of volunteers, but volunteers are not free to the agency. You don't necessarily need to offer up large sums of money, but money for supplies and possible staff time could open up additional opportunities for your work force.
4) Keep your pledge to the nonprofit. If you registered 10 volunteers, do your best to provide 10 volunteers.
5) Engage with your employees. In order to keep your commitment to the nonprofit, engage employees so that they know the volunteer program exists. Encourage supervisors and senior staff to sign up for opportunities and to do the same for their staff. Don't rely on e-mails alone; make announcements in meetings, and ask your CEO to do so, too. Getting the word out in your office not only helps you delver on promise to the nonprofit, but also helps build strong staff engagement.
My advice: treat corporate volunteerism as you would any other business process. Make sure that the volunteering is good for all parties to ensure a long lasting relationship with both the nonprofit and your own employees.
More:

Industrial Output Likely Rose 2.4% in August: PollFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Bangalore:
Indian industrial output probably bounced in August from a four-month low, driven by solid growth in core industries, although a broader economic recovery is likely still some distance away, a Reuters poll found.
Production at factories, mines and utilities likely rose an annual 2.4 per cent in August, up from July's 0.5 per cent rise, according to the survey of 26 economists. The government will release the output data on Friday.
The consensus reflects optimism about higher production in the electricity, cement, coal and steel industries.
Data last week showed output in eight core industries, which account for more than a third of overall factory production, rose 5.8 per cent in August on a year earlier, up from 2.7 per cent in July.
But manufacturing output has more catching up to do. Growth there is well below the near 10 per cent peak in late 2009 and 2011 - in part due to stubbornly-high inflation and borrowing costs which have led to weak investment and demand.
"The more important point really is that even if it (factory output) shows a slight pickup...it is still extremely weak and shows a lot more work still needs to done," said Shilan Shah, economist at Capital Economics.
Private surveys are telling a similar story. Factory activity expanded at its weakest pace in nine months in September as growth in new orders slowed, according to HSBC's PMI survey of businesses.
"PMIs in the last couple of months have...fallen back and although the relationship isn't exactly one-to-one, (they) suggest that IP is going to remain very weak," Shah added.
The afterglow of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's election victory in May helped India's lumbering economy register its fastest growth in two-and-a-half years for the quarter ending in June.
But Modi is yet to launch big-bang reforms needed to propel the economy back to a near double-digit annual growth and bring down stubbornly high inflation. Soaring prices of essential food items have squeezed India's consumers and in turn, has hurt capital investment.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Rio Tinto vows to step up iron ore warRio Tinto vows to slug it out with BHP in iron ore production war
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/302943a4-4f7f-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

$100 bn foreign investments knocking at India s doors: ModiOct 09, 2014, 02.09 PM IST  | Source: PTI
$100 bn foreign investments knocking at India's doors: Modi
Describing his 'Make In India' initiative a "win-win" proposition, Modi said the foreign investors should not treat India merely as a market, but should focus on turning it to a manufacturing hub with a view to increase the purchasing power of Indians.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
$100 bn foreign investments knocking at India's doors: Modi
Describing his 'Make In India' initiative a "win-win" proposition, Modi said the foreign investors should not treat India merely as a market, but should focus on turning it to a manufacturing hub with a view to increase the purchasing power of Indians.
Post your opinion here
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said USD 100 billion worth of foreign investments is knocking at the doors of India and it is up to the states to lap up as much as they can.
Describing his 'Make In India' initiative a "win-win" proposition, Modi said the foreign investors should not treat India merely as a market, but should focus on turning it to a manufacturing hub with a view to increase the purchasing power of Indians.
"USD 100 billion investments from Japan, China and America have applied for visa. Now it is turn of the states to capitalise on the opportunity. The roads are wide open. The states which are ready can walk away with major share," he said while inaugurating the Global Investors' Summit  here.
The meeting is being attended by industry bigwigs including RIL chief Mukesh Ambani, ADAG's Anil Ambani, Adani Group head Gautam Adani and Tata Group chief Cyrus Mistry.
In the last couple of months, the Prime Minister has visited Japan and the US and launched the Make in India campaign to lure foreign investments into manufacturing sector.
"When we talk about Make in India, then we want to create confidence in the world that there is a huge investment possibility in India. Please do not consider India only as a market.... dump goods, sell them and make profits.
"I tell the World, do not confine yourself to this. If India does not prosper, then its purchasing power will not increase. If India's purchasing power do not increase, then the dream to see India as a market will remain a distant dream," Modi said.
The focus of the government, he said, is to generate employment by encouraging agriculture, manufacturing and services sector.
The Prime Minister said states should rise above narrow political considerations on development agenda and Centre will extend all possible assistance to them.
RELATED NEWS

US-led airstrikes pound Islamic State targets in besieged Syrian townPrint
Associated Press | Mursitpinar | Posted: October 9, 2014 2:46 pm | Updated: October 9, 2014 2:47 pm
The US-led coalition pounded positions of the Islamic State group in the Syrian border town of Kobani on Thursday in some of the most intensive strikes in the air campaign so far, a Kurdish official and an activist group said.
But despite the airstrikes overnight and into Thursday morning, the Islamic State fighters managed to capture a police station in the east of the town, said the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
The militants now control more than third of the strategic border town, said the Observatory, a group that tracks Syria’s civil war through a network of activists on the ground.
The Islamic State group launched its offensive on Kobani in mid-September, capturing several nearby Kurdish villages and bringing Syria’s civil war yet again to Turkey’s doorstep. It has since steadily been tightening its noose around the town.
The fighting has forced at least 200,000 town residents and villagers from the area to flee across the frontier into Turkey.
However, Idriss Nassan, an official with the town’s Kurdish government, denied the militants were in control of a third of the town on Thursday.
He confirmed that the Kobani police station was taken by the Islamic State group but he said it was later destroyed in an airstrike. He said the Kurdish fighters managed to regain several other town areas on Thursday.
“I can confirm that they don’t control a third of the city. There is only a small part of Kobani under the control of Daesh,” said Nassan, using the Arabic acronym to refer to the Islamic State group.
Both Nassan and the Observatory said more than 20 airstrikes have been conducted in the area since Wednesday afternoon.
The Observatory’s chief, Rami Abdurrahman, said that more than 500 people have been killed in and around Kobani since the fighting there began.
The Islamic State group brought reinforcements from their stronghold in the border town of Jarablous and the town of Manbij and Aleppo province, he said.

$100 bn investments an opportunity for states: ModiComments
Foreign investments worth $100 billion are knocking at the doors of India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Thursday, calling for stronger Centre-state relations to capitalise on the opportunity.
PM Narendra Modi addresses the audience at the inaugural ceremony of Global Investors Summit in Indore on Thursday. (Arun Mondhe/HT photo)
Modi, who was speaking at the Global Investors’ Summit in Indore, said foreign investors should not treat India merely as a market, but should focus on turning it into a manufacturing hub to increase the purchasing power of Indians.
"Investments worth $100 billion from abroad have applied for visa. Now it is the turn of the states to capitalise on the opportunity. The roads are wide open. The states which are ready can walk away with major share," Modi told a gathering of India’s top industrialists.
"When we talk about Make in India, then we want to create confidence in the world that there is a huge investment possibility in India. Please do not consider India only as a market... dump goods, sell them and make profits."
Modi called for greater cooperation between states and the Centre, saying the country's strength lies in its states and it cannot just rest on the Centre.
"India cannot grow without the support of other pillars. There cannot be a conflict between the states and the Centre. In fact, they have to complement each other if the country has to attain heights," he said.
"I want to work as Team India. All CMs and the PM should work together to take country ahead."
Madhya Pradesh is the country’s fastest growing state with some of its best infrastructure but private investment has not kept pace.
Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has been following on the heels of states like Gujarat and Tamil Nadu to promote a pro-business climate in a bid to coax investment in Madhya Pradesh.
Modi said states can contribute in a big way in nation building by picking up the Centre's programmes and contributing to those in their own way.
He cited the example of Madhya Pradesh which has announced concessions for assimilation and production of defence products.
"Madhya Pradesh has taken a great step in making India self-sufficient in defence sector (in coming days)," he said.
Justifying his decision to allow 100% FDI in the railways, the PM said the sector alone could inject oxygen into India’s economy. He claimed that FDI in the railways has the mandate of all its employees.

Ambani promises to invest 20 000 crore in Madhya PradeshModi by side, industrialists promise the moon for MP
Manoj Ahuja , Hindustan Times  Indore, October 09, 2014
First Published: 15:34 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 20:49 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
Some of India’s biggest companies pledged billions of dollars to build new power, telecoms and agro businesses in Madhya Pradesh on Thursday, an apparent vote of confidence in a state seeking to boost private investments to emerge from decades of poverty.
Responding to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s call for investments, industry bigwigs Mukesh and Anil Ambani, Gautam Adani and Essar’s Shashi Ruia announced ambitious plans that could help create thousands of jobs for the youth in the state.
Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani not only promised to invest Rs. 20,000 crore, mostly in coal bed methane and retail projects in Madhya Pradesh by 2016, but also said the state would soon become the digital capital of India.
"By the middle of 2015, in 10 months from now, you can look forward to Madhya Pradesh being the digital capital of India," he said on the second day of the fourth Global Investors Summit (GIS) in Indore.
"I firmly believe that in today’s world to change our education, healthcare, government services, and financial infrastructure, digitisation is a prerequisite and to my mind digitisation also creates more jobs. So we look forward to working with people and small businesses of Madhya Pradesh."
Long held back by chronic poverty and lack of infrastructure, Madhya Pradesh is now India's fastest growing state with the government making efforts to improve ease of doing business. Besides building better infrastructure, the state is also moving to cut red tape.
But Madhya Pradesh has not realised all the past investment pledges at similar summits. At the last summit in 2012, investment pledges worth more than 3.77 lakh crore were made but less than half of that amount materialised, government figures showed.
Prime Minister Modi’s presence this year, though, appeared to deliver a shot in the arm for the state.
"This time around, the state government is focusing on creating the right environment for attracting investments and has only invited expression of intent (EoI) in different sectors," state chief secretary Anthony DeSa told Hindustan Times.
"The final figure of EoIs received during the three-day summit will be released on Friday, the concluding day of the summit."
Speaking on the occasion, ADAG chairman Anil Ambani too said his company had already invested Rs. 30,000 crore in Madhya Pradesh in coal, power, cement and telecoms business and aimed to take that investment to Rs. 60,000 crore by 2020.
Industrialist Gautam Adani too pledged to invest Rs. 20,000 crore in the state over the next five years in building world-class grain storage houses and power projects.
The Essar group, which has already invested in power, steel and BPO operations in the state, will invest an additional Rs. 4,000 crore in coal bed methane exploration, its chief Shashi Ruia said.
Welspun India promised an in investment of Rs. 5,000 crore in renewable power sector.
Talking to HT, Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) DG Chandrajit Banerjee said, "Today, what is more important is the way the Madhya Pradesh government has conducted this GIS. Unlike in the past, the companies have come and talked about hard investments and employment generation. So, this is much more concrete and definitive."

CCI clears JSW Steel s Welspun Maxsteel buyCCI clears JSW Steel's acquisition of Welspun Maxsteel
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 18:25 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Steel major JSW Steel's proposed over Rs 1,000 crore deal to acquire sponge iron maker Welspun Maxsteel has got the approval from the Competition Commission.
According to the fair trade regulator the proposed deal is "not likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India."
On August 18 this year, JSW Steel had entered into a 'Share Purchase Agreement' with Welspun Enterprises to acquire entire shareholding of Welspun Maxsteel. Welspun Maxsteel is promoted by Welspun Enterprises.
The deal involves acquisition of entire stake of Welspun Maxsteel from Welspun Enterprises, including the equity shares held through its affiliates.
In a recently released order, the Competition Commission of India (CCI) observed, among others, that sponge iron industry in India had the presence of large number of players and the market share of Welspun Maxsteel in production of sponge iron is "insignificant".
It also noted that "JSW Steel has purchased a limited quantity of sponge iron from Welspun Maxsteel mostly for captive consumption."
"However, the same constitutes an insignificant proportion of the overall purchase of sponge iron by JSW Steel in India," the fair trade regulator said.
Going by details in the order, JSW Steel makes steel products with facilities located at Vijayanagar (Karnataka), Salem (Tamil Nadu) and Dolvi (Maharashtra). It also produces sponge iron which is mainly used for captive consumption in its facility at Dolvi in Raigad district of Maharashtra.
Meanwhile, Welspun Maxsteel manufactures sponge iron at its production facility located in Raigad district of Maharashtra.
In a statement, JSW Steel had said that it would acquire the shareholding of Welspun Maxsteel held by Welspun Enterprises "for an enterprise value of Rs 1,000 crore plus net current assets."
Further, the steel major had said that Welspun Maxsteel was in close proximity to its Dolvi unit, offering complementary infrastructure and location to augment the current envisaged expansions.
The entities had approached the fair trade regulator for its approval on August 20.

Delhi is no city for childrenDelhi is no city for children
Jyoti Sharma Bawa , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 09, 2014
First Published: 17:03 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 18:02 IST(9/10/2014)
Comments
A week after she was abducted from the high security India Gate, three-year-old Jhanvi returned home on Sunday. This lost-and-found story may be the result of a dedicated social media campaign or a stroke of plain luck.
Thousands of other children who are taken from Delhi’s streets – estimates say 20 children go missing in the capital every day – are not so lucky. Crime statistics say four to five, or one-fourth, of these missing children never find their way back home.
Also read: Three kids go missing from India Gate every day
In fact, a report says three children are kidnapped from India Gate every day. This is the same space which every child in Delhi must have visited one time or another, raced around or played football as the family chatted on a picnic rug close by or took a walk near the monument even as parents bought ice-cream for them.
The relatives and friends of Jhanvi, a three-year old girl who went missing from the India Gate on September 28, at her residence at Raghubir Nagar, in New Delhi. (Sushil Kumar/HT Photo)
After the recent abduction, those are the little joys which will be refused to children by scared parents. Something to add to the rather long list of what children cannot do in this city which is increasingly proving to be no place for kids.
“After the recent incident, I would think twice about heading to India Gate or Nehru Park with my daughter. Even when she is playing in the neighbourhood park, I am there, watching over her. Kids are losing out on so much due to the safety considerations. Children in our colony have been told by their parents not to venture outside the park while they are playing. So much so, they are banned from playing hide and seek because that means being away from parents’ watchful eye!” says Tamanna Khurana, mother of five-year-old Eda.
Gone are those long, lazy evenings in the parks when play hours would stretch late into night. A power cut meant few more stolen minutes – or hours – to play. Now, video games have replaced hide and seek or tag and, make no mistake, safety is one big concern why parents are shooing children inside the houses.
Only, they are hardly safe in there or in the schools either. A recent incident in a west Delhi school where a three-year-old was raped by the son of the owner of the playschool is a case in point. Around the same time, a guard working at a playschool was arrested for molesting a three-year-old at a Rohini play school.
These incidents are by no means an exception, instead they point to a deeper malaise in the society wherein predators turn on the most vulnerable.
Delhi is a city in flux, maybe a test case for most metros in the country.
In the scenario, it again becomes the duty of parents to keep the children safe. “It is never too early to begin awareness and education of children. Instead of making it a special occasion, introduce the lessons innocuously in everyday conversation – while you are together at the dinner table or reading a newspaper. Repeat till they are ingrained in the child’s system. Always keep the communication channel open with the child,” says Dr Rachna K Singh, Holistic Medicine and Psychologist, Artemis Hospital.
How to keep your children safe at home
• Before you hire any domestic staff, ensure that they have been verified by the police. If young children are to be left alone in the care of domestic staff, get cameras installed which will help you to keep an eye on what is happening.
 
• Encourage healthy communication with your child and impress upon them that you trust them implicitly. Always listen when they come to you with a complaint. “Also, it is never too early to explain the difference between good and bad touch. If you find yourself unequal to the task, rope in the preschool/school authorities who can bring in an expert to explain it to the children,” says Singh.
• Tell them why they cannot go anywhere with a stranger or accept anything from them. It is okay for them to say no when they don’t like what is happening and no one is allowed to scare them or swear them to secrecy. When there are clear ‘nevers’ that a child can follow, he or she will not have to have to take decisions at the spur of a moment.
At play
• In case of toddlers, teach them your address, name of parents and a relevant phone number. When children are playing in the park, a parent or a guardian should be present to supervise. You can do it on the lines of neighbourhood watch scheme where a different parent/guardian is responsible for each day. 
• Have a code word the child has to ask when anyone other than parents or guardians come to fetch them from school or playground. Practice it till the children understand the drill. 
• Latch-key children should be very clear what they are supposed to do when any stranger comes knocking. Even in the case of relatives or friends, they should first call you or the person in-charge before opening the door.
• Also, if your child talks about a person who does not belong in their world, check that person out. If any suspicious person is hanging around your house, your child’s school or playground, report him/ her immediately. 
• Keep a back-up plan ready in case you are not there, for instance a trusted neighbor or friend that the child can approach if they think something is not right.
At school
• While admitting your child to a school, pay as much attention to the school’s security paraphernalia as you do to its academic achievements. Ensure teachers are present on bus routes.
• Before a picnic or excursion, ask what security arrangements have been made. Also, ensure you know the route the children will be travelling on. Open days -- where parents get to meet teachers and other staff members of the school -- are a great way to let parents know how the school functions and build trust.
• Keep an eye on any unaccounted physical injury, behavior change or drop in the performance of child. “Experts can be called in for workshops with teachers and other staff so that they are also sensitized,” asks Dr Singh. 

French author Patrick Modiano wins Nobel Prize for LiteratureFrench author Patrick Modiano wins Nobel Prize for Literature
Reuters
print
French writer Patrick Modiano. (Reuters Photo)
Patrick Modiano, a French historical novelist whose work is largely inspired by Paris under the Nazi occupation, won the Nobel Literature Prize on Thursday.
The Swedish Academy said it wanted to celebrate his "art of memory" in capturing the lives of ordinary people under the World War II occupation, from 1940 to 1944.
"This is someone who has written many books that echo off each other... that are about memory, identity and aspiration," said Peter Englund, the permanent secretary of the academy.
Modiano will receive the prize sum of eight million Swedish kronor ($1.1 million, 878,000 euros).
He will be presented with his award at a formal ceremony in Stockholm on December 10, the anniversary of prize founder Alfred Nobel's death in 1896.
Profile: Patrick Modiano, chronicler of Paris under Nazi rule
The Nazi occupation of France has provided the material for a large part of Modiano's literary production.
Apart from a long series of books, in the early 1970s, Modiano co-wrote the screenplay for Lacombe Lucien, a movie directed by Louis Malle focusing on French collaboration with the Nazis.
Last year's Nobel Literature Prize went to the Canadian short-story writer Alice Munro.

SoundCloud hits impasse with record labelsSoundCloud hits an impasse with major record labels
By Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e549661c-4ef6-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rahul Gandhi: Narendra Modi caused cancer medicines prices to jump from Rs 8 000 to Rs 100 000Home
Miscellaneous
Rahul Gandhi says Narendra Modi working for US firms, industrialists; caused cancer medicines' prices to soar from Rs 8,000 to Rs 100,000
PTI | Firozpur Jhirka (Har) | Updated:  Oct 09 2014, 18:32  IST
Oct 09 2014, 18:32  IST
 

World Bank launches public-private infrastru...The idea has already attracted Citibank and HSBC and the reinsurance firm Swiss Re , as well as the Australian and Japanese governments.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The World Bank on Thursday launched a new initiative that would bring together governments, development institutions and private investors to form public-private partnerships for infrastructure.
The initiative, known as the Global Infrastructure Facility, would structure projects to attract long-term investors such as pension funds and insurance companies in order to meet the developing world's $1 trillion in infrastructure needs over the next six years.
"We have several trillions of dollars in assets represented today looking for long-term, sustainable and stable investments ," World Bank President Jim Yong Kim said. "The real challenge is not a matter of money but a lack of bankable projects - a sufficient supply of commercially viable and sustainable infrastructure investments."
The idea has already attracted banking groups like Citibank and HSBC and the reinsurance firm Swiss Re , as well as the Australian and Japanese governments.
The facility itself, known as GIF, would not provide direct project funding but aims to bring in investors to advise governments on how to structure potential projects in order to attract private capital. It would also bring together a myriad of development institutions so they do not give conflicting advice to countries.
"There's a lot of money hidden under the mattress," Jordan Schwartz, head of the GIF, told reporters ahead of the launch, adding that pensions funds in Canada and Australia , and European insurance companies were particularly interested in investing in long-term stable projects.
"In three to five years, (my goal is that) this has become the standard way we design a significant portfolio of projects," he said.

PepsiCo raises forecast as profits risePepsiCo raises forecast as profits rise
By Elizabeth Paton in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e83c588c-4fb1-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Singapore s Temasek to buy Rs 500cr stake in Devyani: SrcsOct 09, 2014, 06.59 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Singapore's Temasek to buy Rs 500cr stake in Devyani: Srcs
The sources said the Singapore state investor would use 1 billion rupees to purchase part of a holding in Devyani by ICICI Venture, the private equity arm of ICICI Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Singapore's Temasek to buy Rs 500cr stake in Devyani: Srcs
The sources said the Singapore state investor would use 1 billion rupees to purchase part of a holding in Devyani by ICICI Venture, the private equity arm of ICICI Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
Temasek Holdings has agreed to invest Rs 500 crore (USD 82 million) to buy a stake in Devyani International, operator of KFC, Pizza Hut and Costa Coffee chains in India, three sources with direct knowledge of the matter said.
The sources said the Singapore state investor would use Rs 100 crore to purchase part of a holding in Devyani by ICICI Venture, the private equity arm of ICICI Bank .
The rest would be a direct purchase in the restaurant chain operator, the sources added, declining to specify the percentage stake that Temasek would acquire.
"The deal is done and an announcement is likely very soon," one of the sources said.
Devyani International operates more than 300 outlets of restaurant and coffee chains including Pizza Hut, KFC and Costa Coffee in India and other southeast Asian countries, according to its website.
Temasek and ICICI Venture declined to comment, while Devyani International officials did not immediately return phone calls seeking comments.
Private equity funds have invested USD 4.6 billion in India so far this year, compared with USD 3.1 billion in 2013, Thomson Reuters data showed. Consumer-related investments contributed to a fifth of the total private equity inflows so far this year.
ICICI Bank stock price
On November 24, 2014, ICICI Bank closed at Rs 1772.95, up Rs 38.95, or 2.25 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1778.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 944.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 91.10 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.46. The latest book value of the company is Rs 632.26 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.80.
RELATED NEWS

Hong Kong protesters vow to fight on as talkscollapseProtesters take a rest during a rally in the occupied areas at Central district in Hong Kong on Thursday. (Source: AP photo)
Agence-France Presse | Hong Kong | Posted: October 9, 2014 7:34 pm
Crunch talks between Hong Kong democracy protesters and the government were called off on Thursday just hours after demonstrators vowed to ratchet up their occupation of key parts of the city if their demands were not met.
The collapse of the talks, which were due to take place on Friday, plunges the vital financial hub into fresh crisis with protesters refusing to retreat from their barricades and an equally intransigent government rejecting further negotiations.
Parts of the southern Chinese city have been paralysed for more than a week by demonstrations calling for Beijing to grant the former British colony full democracy and for the city’s Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying to resign.
Under plans unveiled by China in August, Hong Kongers will be able to vote for Leung’s successor in 2017, but only two to three vetted candidates will be allowed to stand.
Although protester numbers have dwindled in recent days, small groups still control multiple intersections across the city in what has become the most concerted challenge to Beijing’s rule since Hong Kong’s handover in 1997.
Hopes of a breakthrough were dashed Thursday evening as Leung’s deputy, Chief Secretary Carrie Lam, announced the government was pulling out of talks with the Hong Kong Federation of Students (HKFS), one of the leading protest groups.
“The basis for constructive dialogue has been undermined. It’s impossible to have a constructive meeting tomorrow,” she said.
Protesters sit next to an umbrella installation on a main road in the occupied areas outside government headquarters in Hong Kong’s Admiralty on Thursday. (Source: AP photo)
Two and a half hours earlier a coalition of pro-democracy leaders had gathered at the main protest site and vowed to increase their civil disobedience campaign if the talks broke down.
“Hong Kong people will not retreat. And there’s no reason for anyone to ask us to retreat. Therefore the Occupy movement must be ongoing,” HKFS president Alex Chow told the crowd.
“Also the students will go into different Occupy areas,” to discuss potential future plans for further civil disobedience, he added.
Pro-democracy lawmakers also threw their weight behind the  protests Thursday saying they would use their powers to disrupt the workings of the Hong Kong government inside the city’s parliament by gridlocking the committees they currently control.
“Hong Kong has entered an era of disobedience and non-cooperation,” pro-democracy leader Alan Leong told crowds.
The threat was issued as the city’s embattled leader Leung came under pressure to explain why he kept large payments from an Australian company secret with pro-democracy lawmakers saying continued…

Language barrier restricting Net use in India: FacebookOct 09, 2014, 07.28 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Language barrier restricting Net use in India: Facebook
Speaking at the Internet.org Summit, Mark Zuckerberg said: "Around 80 percent of the content on internet is only in 10 languages," and there are 22 different official languages in India and many more unofficial ones. 65 percent people use the social networking site in languages other than English.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Language barrier restricting Net use in India: Facebook
Speaking at the Internet.org Summit, Mark Zuckerberg said: "Around 80 percent of the content on internet is only in 10 languages," and there are 22 different official languages in India and many more unofficial ones. 65 percent people use the social networking site in languages other than English.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
On a two-day visit to India, Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg said social issues such as non-availability of local languages is the main reason why most Indians don’t use internet. 
Speaking at the Internet.org Summit, he said: "Around 80 percent of the content on internet is only in 10 languages," and there are 22 different official languages in India and many more unofficial ones. 65 percent people use the social networking site in languages other than English. Facebook has been working on new services and apps in local languages since 2007.
Also Read: Excited to help India in digitisation scheme: Zuckerberg
Zuckerberg, who believes that connectivity is a human right, said that even in a nation like India that has embraced science and technology - showing its technical skills through Mars Orbiter Mission Mangalyaan - over one billion people did not have access to the internet. He further added that around two-third of the world’s population still does not have access to the internet. Statistically, around 25 percent fewer women are connected compared to men.
Further building the case for connectivity, Zuckerberg said it will help the youth in getting access to new jobs, ideas and opportunities. It will also help in receiving education, healthcare and access to new services. He strongly stressed on the fact that connectivity cannot be a privilege of the rich and powerful.
Launched on August 20, 2013, Internet.org aims to provide easily accessible internet at an affordable valuation to two-third of the world population that is still away from internet. He said at the summit that even if an individual does not have a data plan, the world should move towards providing him with free internet. He says free basic internet access should be like dialing 911 in the US or 100 in India.
Zuckerberg believes that the cost of accessing internet needs to come down.
He will be meeting Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union Minister of Telecommunications and IT Ravi Shankar Prasad among other key ministries to discuss this initiative on Friday. He is excited to help the Indian government in its digitisation scheme. He will be discussing with the PM how the social networking site can help connect villages.
Other than Facebook, the global partnership also has Nokia, Ericsson, Samsung, Qualcomm, Opera and MediaTek as part of the Internet.org programme.
In July, Internet.org was initially made available to Airtel subscribers in Zambia (Africa). Later it was extended to other countries through Internet.org or via Facebook Android app. Zuckerberg says Facebook is on a mission to make the world open and connected. He excitedly shares that Internet.org helped three million people access internet.
The social networking site has been working with Ericsson to build Internet.org lab.
RELATED NEWS

Home Min concerned over use of Aadhaar as address proofOct 09, 2014, 07.15 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Home Min concerned over use of Aadhaar as address proof
The ministry has written to the Department of Telecom (DoT) sharing its view on accepting Aadhaar as valid proof of address for e-KYC (Know Your Customers) programme.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Home Min concerned over use of Aadhaar as address proof
The ministry has written to the Department of Telecom (DoT) sharing its view on accepting Aadhaar as valid proof of address for e-KYC (Know Your Customers) programme.
Post your opinion here
 
The Home Ministry has raised multiple concerns over using UIDAI number as an address proof in the DoT's proposed online verification system, saying the supporting data in Aadhaar may not be authentic or genuine.
The Home Ministry said that 'Aadhaar' is strong on ensuring unique identity, "however, uniqueness of identity is not a necessary condition to ensure authenticity of identity or genuineness of other entries or records of Aadhaar number", sources said.
The ministry has written to the Department of Telecom (DoT) sharing its view on accepting Aadhaar as valid proof of address for e-KYC (Know Your Customers) programme.
The Home Ministry has raised concerns over supporting documents submitted by people as proof of identity and proof of address for getting a Aadhaar number, a source said.
The DoT is working on proof of concept (e-KYC) to use Aadhaar number for online verification of people seeking mobile connections along with existing process of customer verification.
Aadhaar card can be also issued to foreign nationals staying in the country, which has also been questioned by the Home Ministry as nationals of neighbouring country may attempt to use it to procure Indian identity documents for infiltrating their agents.
The Home Ministry has said that unlike Aadhaar, other acceptable proof of address documents such as passport, driving licence do not have the status of universality and
therefore "even higher levels of error in these documents may not translate into comparable volume of security concerns".
It said that Intelligence Bureau is neither aware of back-end systems, e-processing and e-auditing existing in Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), which issues Aadhaar, nor knows how data is transmitted between units of UIDAI and how data are stored.
The Home Ministry has also raised concern on involvement of foreign vendors by UIDAI for storing data and has suggested audit of data security.
Sources said that introducer system provision, under which people not having supporting documents as ID and address proof can also get Aadhaar number if he is introduced by a
person owning a Aadhaar number, has been questioned by the Home Ministry.
RELATED NEWS

Modiano wins Nobel for works on Nazi occupationPatrick Modiano wins Nobel Prize in literature for works about Nazi occupation
AP Oct 9, 2014, 07.56PM IST
Tags:
Alfred Nobel
(Patrick Modiano of…)
STOCKHOLM: Patrick Modiano of France, who has made a lifelong study of the Nazi occupation and its effects on his country, won the 2014 Nobel Prize in literature Thursday for what one academic called ``crystal clear and resonant'' prose.
Modiano, a 69-year-old resident of Paris, is an acclaimed writer in France but not well known in the English-speaking world. The Swedish Academy said it gave him the 8 million-kronor ($1.1 million) prize for evoking ``the most ungraspable human destinies'' and uncovering the humanity of life under Nazi occupation.
Jewishness, the Nazi occupation and loss of identity are recurrent themes in his novels, which include 1968's ``La Place de l'Etoile'', later hailed in Germany as a key post-Holocaust work.
Modiano's novel ``Missing Person'' won the prestigious Prix Goncourt in 1978 and is among the more than 40 of his works published in French. Some have been translated into English, including ``Ring of Roads: A Novel,'' ``Villa Triste,'' ``A Trace of Malice,'' and ``Honeymoon.''
Dervila Cooke of Dublin City University, author of a book about Modiano, said his works deal with the traumas of France's past but have a ``darkly humorous touch.''
``His prose is crystal clear and resonant,'' she said. ``A common description of his work is of its `petite musique', its haunting little music.''
Modiano was born in a west Paris suburb in July 1945, two months after World War II ended in Europe, to a father with Jewish-Italian origins and a Belgian actress mother who met during the 1940-44 occupation of Paris.
He has also written children's books and film scripts, including co-writing the 1974 movie ``Lacombe, Lucien'' with director Louis Malle and the 2003 movie ``Bon Voyage'' with director Jean-Paul Rappeneau. He was a member of the jury at the Cannes Film Festival in 2000 and won the Austrian State Prize for European Literature in 2012.
Peter Englund , the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, said Modiano's works often explore the themes of time, memory and identity.
``He is returning to the same topics again and again simply because these topics, you can't exhaust them,'' Englund told journalists in Stockholm. ``You can't give a definite answer to: Why did I turn into the person I am today? What happened to me? How will I break out of the weight of time? How can I reach back into past times?''
Englund, who wasn't able to reach Modiano before the announcement, said the French writer also liked to play with the detective genre. In ``Missing Person,'' he wrote about a private detective launching his last investigation, finding out who he is because he has lost his memory.
``I've always had the wish, the nostalgia to be able to write detective novels,'' Modiano said in a rare interview last week in Telerama magazine. ``At heart, the principal themes of detective novels are close to the things that obsess me: disappearance, the problems of identity, amnesia, the return to an enigmatic past.''
French President Francois Hollande congratulated Modiano, the 15th French citizen to win the Nobel for literature, saying he ``takes his readers right to the deep trouble of the occupation's dark period. And he tries to understand how the events lead individuals to lose as well as find themselves.''
Betting on Modiano to win the Nobel had surged in the last week, raising questions about a possible leak. David Williams of bookmaker Ladbrokes said Modiano's odds had shortened from 100-1 a few months ago to 10-1 before the announcement.
Something similar occurred in 2008, the last time there was a French Nobel winner for literature, Jean-Marie Gustave Le Clezio. But Williams said the betting pattern on Modiano was not suspicious.
``We are experts in analyzing betting patterns and we kind of know what a leak looks like. This doesn't look like a leak. It just looks like his fans got behind him and gave him a bit of momentum,'' he told The Associated Press.
Englund acknowledged that a leak in 2008 made the odds for Le Clezio plummet but insisted there was no leak this year.
``That was a leak, and Ladbrokes saw that too and stopped the betting,'' he said. ``I believe we have eliminated that leak now.''
Englund noted that the writers with the lowest odds in Nobel betting this year, including Kenyan writer Ngugi wa Thiong'o, Japan's Haruki Murakami and Svetlana Alexievich of Belarus, did not win.
With the choice of Modiano, the prize returned to Europe after the academy picked Canadian writer Alice Munro in 2013 and Mo Yan of China in 2012.
The Swedish Academy often chooses writers whose works are little-known to readers outside their native country, but the sales effect of that varies. Japan's Kenzaburo Oe , the 1994 literature winner, became a far more popular writer because of the Nobel, while Austrian Elfriede Jelinek, who won in 2004, is just slightly better known now than before.
This year's Nobel Prize announcements started Monday with a US-British scientist splitting the medicine prize with a Norwegian husband-and-wife team for brain research that could pave the way for a better understanding of diseases like Alzheimer's.
Two Japanese researchers and a Japanese-born American won the physics prize Tuesday for inventing blue light-emitting diodes, a breakthrough that spurred the development of LED as a new light source.
The chemistry prize on Wednesday went to two Americans and a German researcher who found new ways to give microscopes sharper vision, letting scientists peer into living cells with unprecedented detail to seek the roots of disease.
The announcements continue with the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday and the economics award on Monday.
The awards will be presented on Dec. 10, the anniversary of prize founder Alfred Nobel's death in 1896.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Haryana government did not present full facts on Vadra deal: BJP4
0
New Delhi: After Election Commission rejected its complaint against Haryana government on Robert Vadra's land deal, BJP on Thursday charged the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government with not presenting full facts of the case before the poll panel.
The party also charged the Haryana government with "speaking in two voices" in the case and hiding full facts in their haste to grant all approvals to Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law before the Congress government was voted out of power.
"I am constrained to observe that in view of the highly suspicious circumstances a very legitimate conclusion can be drawn that all the facts perhaps they have not disclosed to the Election Commission after BJP made a complaint," Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said.
"Haryana government knew that they are losing out and that is why they tried to validate this land deal," Ravi Shankar Prasad said.
#haryana #haryana government #bjp #congress
He said no one in the world could justify that a Rs 7.5 crore land could turn into a Rs 58 crore deal within a few months, alleging that Vadra's company Skylite Hospitality had not only sold the land but also the licence for developing a colony granted to it by Haryana government.
"Haryana government knew that they are losing out and that is why they tried to validate this land deal. But truth has a very uncanny habit of appearing and reappearing, at times with conclusive evidence," he said while reading out letters of Haryana Financial Commissioner to EC and that of Gurgaon Deputy Commissioner on July 16, and charged Haryana government of "speaking in two voices" on ownership of Vadra's land.
"The BJP would like to know that when the Financial Commissioner of Haryana furnished a report to the EC, why they were conspicuously silent about the order No 1684-86 of July 16 by the Deputy Commissioner, Gurgaon," he said. BJP had petitioned the EC alleging that there was violation of the Model Code of Conduct by Haryana government in clearing the land deal between Robert Vadra and real estate major DLF, which was rejected by the poll body on Wednesday.
"I can only assure you that as Rajasthan government is doing, surely a fair, effective and transparent inquiry will be done in the case of Haryana with adequate results," Prasad said. Seeking to keep the Vadra land deal alive ahead of Assembly elections in Haryana, the BJP leader questioned the state government on breaking norms of hierarchy as a junior officer like deputy commissioner was annulling orders of his senior officers and was marking letters directly to Chief Secretary and Additional Chief Secretary.
He also alleged that it was surprising that the licence was also being sold and not just land by Vadra's company and sweat equity was given a legal shape. Attacking Hooda, he said, "Why a Chief Minister is mortgaging all the conscience and propriety of governance by abusing authority by sacrificing bureaucratic hierarchy."
Citing the probe in Rajasthan, Prasad said after detailed investigations by the Tehsildar, Land Records in Bikaner, three FIRs have been registered on August 26 and four revenue officers have been suspended in the light of the report.
1

AAP s Bhagwant Mann slams Punjab government for drug menaceOct 09, 2014 at 07:54pm IST
AAP's Bhagwant Mann slams Punjab government for drug menace
16
0
Amritsar: Comedian and Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) MP Bhagwant Mann on Thursday slammed the Punjab government alleging that drug dealers were freely roaming in the state while police was making poor drug addict youths as scapegoats.
"The Punjab government never thought to eradicate unemployment in the state, due to which the youth got frustrated and slipped to drug addiction," the AAP leader claimed.
Mann, an MP from Sangrur Parliamentary seat, said, "When the roots of a tree are infected then there is no benefit in spraying medicine on leaves as it would be useless exercise."
"The Punjab government never thought to eradicate unemployment in the state, due to which the youth got frustrated and slipped to drug addiction," the AAP leader claimed.
#aap #sad #punjab #punjab government
He alleged that drug lords and dealers were roaming freely in Punjab and police was catching poor youth who are drug addicts. The AAP leader was in the city for promotion of his upcoming Punjabi movie. He alleged that the SAD-BJP combine government was "unable" to control drug addiction among youth.
Venting his ire on NDA government, Mann said he was still living in a hotel in Delhi as the Narendra Modi-led government failed to allot him official accommodation.
Mann also took a dig at former BJP MP from Amritsar, Navjot Singh Sidhu, and said that he was daring enough to speak against Chief Minister Paraksh Singh Badal during public rallies in Haryana, but can't do it inside Punjab.
5

Special status demand to be a major poll issue for JD(U) in Bihar2
0
Patna: Seeking to revive the special status demand as its trump card for the Assembly polls next year, JD(U) on Thursday decided to hold dharna at all the district headquarters on October 20 to pressurise the Centre to grant the status to Bihar.
JD(U) would launch a series of programmes in the run up to the Assembly polls next year with the special status demand being the cornerstone of its political and electoral agenda, JD(U) state president Bashistha Narayan Singh said.
Besides, the party would also highlight the alleged discrimination against the state by the NDA government at the Centre, Singh told reporters after a party meeting presided over by former Chief Minister Nitish Kumar.
JD(U) would launch a series of programmes in the run up to the Assembly polls next year with the special status demand being the cornerstone of its political and electoral agenda.
#special status #jdu #bihar #nitish kumar
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had promised to pay off debt to the people of Bihar on being elected to power, but he seemed to have forgotten his words, Singh said, adding his government also significantly cut funds meant for development and welfare.
"The Centre is supposed to take care of the interests of all states, but the NDA government has been acting against the spirit of the Constitution. Bihar has suffered the most in terms of reduction of grants under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, MGNREGA, Indira Awas Yojana and other central programmes without reason," he said.
By raising the special status issue, the ruling party would seek to remind the Prime Minister of the 'achhe din' that he had promised to the people of the country, Singh said. He said Nitish Kumar would also set out on a tour of the the state the dates for which would be decided later.
On senior BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi's stand that the Jitan Ram Manjhi government did not enjoy the mandate or legitimacy to seek special status, Singh said Modi himself had favoured grant of special status to Bihar when he was the Deputy Chief Minister.
BJP were part of the resolution adopted by the two Houses of the state legislature to press for special status demand eight years ago, he said.
Earlier, Nitish Kumar spoke for over an hour at the meeting of all party office bearers at his residence. Kumar asked JD(U) officer bearers to publicise the state government's performance and propagate the ruling party's ideology and agenda among the people, a JD(U) spokesman said.
1

Collectors authorised to shut schools in Odisha ahead of Hudhud cycloneOct 09, 2014 at 07:55pm IST
Collectors authorised to shut schools in Odisha ahead of Hudhud cyclone
25
0
Bhubaneswar: The Odisha government on Thursday authorised the district collectors to close schools, if incessant rain continues in the state due to cyclonic storm "Hudhud".
School and Mass Education Secretary Usha Padhee said the district collectors were authorised to close the schools wherever needed.
The cyclonic storm is likely to hit the Odisha coast on October 12.
The Odisha government authorised the district collectors to close schools, if incessant rain continues in the state due to cyclonic storm "Hudhud".
#hudhud cyclone #hudhud #schools #cyclone
Since October 12 is a Sunday, they can close schools in the coming days if rain continues, said Padhee.
Issuing a letter to the district collectors and directors of the department, Padhee said the schools can be used for sheltering the people likely to be affected by the cyclonic storm.
The secretary asked the collectors to provide food stocks available in schools under the mid-day meal scheme for the rehabilitation and feeding of affected persons during the exigency.
6

Shiv Sena did not respond to my overtures: RajThackerayComments
My target in this election is not Shiv Sena but Congress, NCP and BJP, Raj Thackeray said.
MNS president Raj Thackeray on Thursday claimed he was willing to have a tie-up with Shiv Sena for October 15 Maharashtra assembly elections after the latter’s alliance with BJP ended, but there was no response.
“After the Sena-BJP alliance ended on September 25, the same night I talked to Sena president Uddhav Thackeray (Raj’s estranged cousin) on phone,” Raj told a news channel.
“It was agreed that leaders of the two parties (MNS and Shiv Sena) will take the discussion forward, but despite repeated attempts from our side, there was no response,” he said.
Asked what would be his party’s stand on post-poll alliance, Raj avoided a reply but said, “My target in this election is not Shiv Sena but Congress, NCP and BJP.”
Meanwhile, Shiv Sena said that party president Uddhav Thackeray will respond to Raj’s statement in due course.
“Uddhav will give whatever reaction that is to be given,” Sena spokesperson Sanjay Raut said. “Raj Thackeray’s stand in the interest of Maharashtra is welcome….We will see (what happens) after the elections,” Raut added.

We Must Stop Ebola From Becoming the  Next AIDS   CDC Chief SaysSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
Crowds Form Outside Ferguson Police Station as Decision...
RADAR: Strong Storm Moves Across Midwest and...
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Santelli Exchange: Investor sentimentsantelli exchange: investor sentiment
Energy shares extend recent declineS&P 500 ticks up to record on central bank bets
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
Also weighing on the Dow, United Technologies Corp fell 1.4 percent to $108.79. Chief Executive Officer Louis Chenevert retired and is being replaced by the company's finance chief in an abrupt change.
Helping bullish sentiment was expectation central banks will continue to boost equities. Following last week's surprise rate cut, China's leadership and central bank are ready to cut interest rates again and to loosen lending restrictions.
"You tend not to cut rates once, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. This could be the first in a series. The question is, how much they are going to have to do before it works," said Brian Battle, director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago.
He said the market could continue to drift upwards.
"There's going to be an impulse to buy here at the end of the quarter and the year."
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 17,817.9, the S&P 500 gained 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,069.41 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.92 points, or 0.89 percent, to 4,754.89.
The Dow and S&P 500 closed at record highs.
Volume was low, with about 5.6 billion shares changing hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
The U.S. market will close on Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday and Friday will be a half-day session.
The weakest S&P 500 industry group was telecoms, down 1.5 percent. AT&T fell 1.6 percent to $34.70 while Verizon lost 1.4 percent at $49.50 after Citigroup downgraded the stock to "neutral."
Apple shares, up 1.9 percent to $118.63, led the outperforming Nasdaq. The company was within 1 percent of reaching a $700 billion market capitalization.
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd agreed to buy Platinum Underwriters Holdings Ltd for $1.9 billion. Platinum closed up 21.1 percent at $74.19.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,899 to 1,149, for a 1.65-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,934 issues rose and 791 fell for a 2.45-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 74 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 112 new highs and 51 new lows.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Every day is a celebration  not specifically b day: RekhaEvery day is a celebration  not specifically b day: Rekha
Modi praises MP govt initiatives on defence productionModi praises MP govt initiatives on defence production
Hyderabad boy succumbs to burns  murder case against ArmymenHyderabad boy succumbs to burns  murder case against Armymen
Mawana Sugars defaults on bank loans  others may followMawana Sugars defaults on bank loans  others may follow
Indian soldiers demonstrated their capability: ModiIndian soldiers demonstrated their capability: Modi
Audiobooms aims to disrupt radio industryAudioboom aims to disrupt radio industry
By Robert Cookson, Digital Media Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e471778e-4d7a-11e4-9683-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Who Knew Paper Clips Were Made In Such A Mesmerizing WayWho Knew Paper Clips Were Made In Such A Mesmerizing Way?
Posted:
We could (and will) watch this GIF of a paper clip maker all day.
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations
Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day..
Facebook
Copyright ©2014 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Part of HuffPost Business - AOL Money & Finance
Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story.
Notify message

Chimerix Shares Jump on Ebola-Use Newschimerix shares jump on ebola-use news
Mediocre  growth plagues world economy'Mediocre' growth plagues world economy
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN October 7, 2014: 9:40 AM ET
LONDON (CNNMoney)
The record is stuck. The world economy will grow by just 3.3% in 2014, little changed from last year, or the year before that.
That's the latest forecast from the International Monetary Fund, which just six months ago was expecting that growth would accelerate to 3.7% this year.
"World growth is mediocre, and a bit worse than forecast in July," the IMF said Tuesday. It also shaved 0.2% off its forecast for 2015.
This is just the latest in a series of downward revisions over the past three years.
Trillions of dollars have been pumped into the world economy in the form of cheap central bank cash , boosting stocks and bonds, and real estate prices. That's prompted warnings of potential bubbles and the risk they could burst.
Related: The most innovative cities
Yet many countries are still struggling to deal with the legacy of the global financial crisis.
Unemployment in Europe is hovering just below record highs, debt is still rising in advanced economies, and expectations of future growth are being reduced.
"These worse prospects are in turn affecting confidence, demand, and growth today," said IMF chief economist Olivier Blanchard.
Turmoil in eastern Europe and the Middle East is adding to the feeling of fragility, even if the latter has yet to affect oil prices.
Germany, Europe's biggest economy, is at risk of slipping into a third recession since 2008 due to the Ukraine crisis and weaker demand for its exports. German industrial production fell 4% in August, compared with the previous month.
Related: Risk of 3rd German recession
The IMF cut its 2014 forecast for eurozone growth to just 0.8%. It also slashed its outlook for Japanese growth this year to 0.9%, down from 1.6% in July.
Brazil, which is in the middle of a presidential election, suffered the biggest downward revision of the emerging markets. The IMF now expects Brazil to eke out growth of just 0.3% in 2014.
 
Brazil votes for president in economic slump
There are brighter spots. The U.S. and U.K. are growing at a decent pace, although neither are expected to return to the rates of expansion seen a decade ago.
And the world isn't ready just yet for central banks to turn off the taps.
"So long as demand remains weak, monetary accommodation and low interest rates remain of the essence," said Blanchard.
First Published: October 7, 2014: 9:10 AM ET
Most Popular

GrubHub CEO  Chicago Ventures back food-media startup Morsel1
Petersen said more than 1,300 people have registered on the site so far, “and nearly 700 of them have indicated they are a professional in the food industry.” Most of the users are based in Chicago, but Petersen said Morsel plans to expand to other cities quickly.
In a statement announcing the funding, the company listed several chefs who have signed on to the platform. They include Mindy Segal, of Mindy’s HotChocolate; chef, cookbook author and TV personality Norman Van Aken; Paul Kahan, of Blackbird, avec, The Publican, and Big Star; and photographer Jeff Scott, author of the “Notes from the Kitchen” series.
Chicago Ventures general partner Kevin Willer said the venture capital firm had an unusually active role in this startup earlier this year, actually pairing Petersen with local restaurant publicist Ellen Malloy, now Morsel’s co-founder and chief restaurant officer.
“It was a team that we helped put together,” Willer said. “Since then they’ve done a really good job of building engagement.”
Petersen said Morsel is not generating revenue yet and is focused on building the network. He identified several potential revenue streams, however, including charging restaurants for access to the network, sponsored content and product pairings, and direct sale of food-related products.
“We have to have that critical mass to make it worthwhile,” Petersen said of exploiting revenue potential. “It has to be a no-brainer for them (potential sponsors) to sign up.”
Willer said he is particularly pleased to see Maloney — still riding the success of GrubHub’s IPO earlier this year — involved in the project.
“When people have success like Matt had, it’s important they stay involved” in the startup scene, Willer said.
In a statement announcing the deal, Maloney described Morsel as “the ultimate food porn.”
“Everyone loves to know the inspiration and stories behind amazing dishes and drinks,” Maloney said in the statement. “Morsel really allows you to experience the insight and creativity of your favorite chefs from your smartphone, and there is no better way to research a new restaurant.”

Tibetan Monks Create Wildly Intricate Sand Painting In Meditative Masterpiecereddit
The mandala is a spiritual symbol that represents the universe. Literally translating to "center and its surroundings," mandalas always contain a center point and a circle, surrounded by some sort of symmetrical design. They're created from sand, on paper or cloth, or built as three-dimensional models, always meticulously visualized and assembled to yield a deeper meaning.
For two weeks, four highly respected Tibetan monks, Venerable Gelong Kalsang Rinpoche, Venerable Lama Nawang Thogmed, Lama Nawang Samten Lhundrup, and Lama Dorji Sherpa, will collaborate on a sacred sand painting meant to incite boundless compassion for all living things in the viewer. Over the course of 14 days, the monks will carefully apply millions of grains of colored sand onto a flat surface, following the same instructions that governed Tibetan monks thousands of years ago.
This particular mandala represents Chenrezig, the embodiment of the compassion of all Buddhas combined. To echo the spirit of compassion, the participating monks will gather in prayer and meditation sessions, also known as puja, at the start and close of each day. Viewers are invited to partake in this ritual as well. After the creation of the mandala is complete, the entire work is dismantled, every grain of sand tossed into the ocean. In the dissolution ceremony at the close of the mandala's creation, a blessing is recited as the sand grains are offered up to the sea.
Viewers are invited to watch the four Tibetan monks partake in this ancient ritual at The Hammer Museum until the work's completion on October 12, 2014. "Mandalas of Compassion" is presented in collaboration with Ari Bhöd, the American Foundation for Tibetan Cultural Preservation. To see mandala-centric artwork with a sci-fi twist, check out Saya Woolfalk' s recent work.
Also on HuffPost:

Should Workers Get Paid for Security Checksshould workers get paid for security checks
Thomas Bernauer  Robert Gampfer and Aya KachiThe Fix's Aaron Blake discusses the latest in politics and campaigns live with readers.
Nov 24, 2014
The Fix's Aaron Blake discusses the latest in politics and campaigns live with readers.
Nov 24, 2014
The Fix's Aaron Blake discusses the latest in politics and campaigns live with readers.
Nov 24, 2014
The Fix's Aaron Blake discusses the latest in politics and campaigns live with readers.
Nov 24, 2014
After four wave elections, there’s plenty of new blood in Congress.
Nov 21, 2014
49 percent of Americans say the severity of recent natural disasters is a sign of the biblical end times.
Nov 21, 2014
Illegal immigrants in California benefit the most. The least: Florida.
Nov 21, 2014
Here’s a wet blanket, courtesy of The Fix.
Nov 20, 2014

Warren Buffett s Somewhat Sexist Joke Makes No SenseWarren Buffett's Somewhat Sexist Joke Makes No Sense
Quartz  | By                                                                Brian Browdie
Updated:
10/08/2014 10:59 am EDT
Warren Buffet, chairman and chief executive officer of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., listens during a Bloomberg Television Interview in New York, U.S., on Wednesday, April 23, 2014. Buffett discussed the possibility of his company eventually becoming more involved in housing finance once lawmakers resolve future of Fannie and Freddie. Photographer: Chris Goodney/Bloomberg via Getty Images  | Bloomberg via Getty Images
This post first appeared on Quartz.
Though many investors revere Warren Buffett for his ability to select stocks, they may want to look elsewhere for information on the spending habits of the sexes.
The Oracle of Omaha today recounted an incident involving his first wife, the late Susan Buffett, whom he married in 1952.
"When my first wife lost credit card, I made no attempt to get it back, because the guy was spending less than she was."Buffett #FortuneMPW
Buffett happened to be speaking at Fortune’s Most Powerful Women Summit .
The comment evoked the comedic stylings of a bygone era, although given Buffett’s reputation for thrift, he may not have been joking.
But the stereotype that the comment revived, about women and spending, turns out to be off base.
That’s because women are better at managing debt than men are, according to Experian , an information services company that has studied the financial habits of both sexes.
Men incur 4.3% more debt and use 2% more of their available credit than women do. They also fall behind on their mortgage payments 7% more often, and trail women when it comes to credit scores—according to Experian, women have an average score of 675, which is one point better than their counterparts who carry a Y chromosome .
“When looking closer at our data and cross-referencing it with other data sources, we see that women working full-time in the U.S. earn approximately 23% less income than men but that women are taking steps to manage their finances better than men,” Michele Raneri, Experian’s vice president for analytics, said in the statement that accompanied the study’s release last year.
Women also are more likely than men to get their families out of financial trouble, experts say.
“We often see the women will do almost anything to keep the household afloat,” Lea Loethen, a counselor with the nonprofit credit counseling agency American Financial Solutions told Bankrate.com.
More:

Disciplining Tharoor: Kerala unit of Congress asks high command to decideDisciplining Tharoor: Kerala unit of Congress asks high command to decide
Our Bureau 
Tweet
Shashi Tharoor
Tharoor has come in for severe criticism for his frequent praise of Modi, the latest being over the Prime Minister’s Clean India campaign.
Kochi, Oct 8:  
The Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee (KPCC), infuriated by party MP Sashi Tharoor’s “frequent adulation” of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, will soon recommend to the party high command to take disciplinary action against him.
Senior State Congress leaders, including KPCC president VM Sudheeran, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy and Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala, who met on Wednesday to consider disciplinary action against Tharoor, however, left the decision to the party top brass.
The KPCC had earlier been expected to decide to serve a show-cause notice on Tharoor at today’s meeting. However, it is said to have hesitated, as Tharoor is a member of the AICC and a national party spokesman appointed by Sonia Gandhi.
Sudheeran told mediapersons that the KPCC will send a report to the party high command and ask that appropriate action be taken against him. He said Tharoor had repeatedly extolled Modi and that this had hurt the Congress cadre who had fought the BJP to get Tharoor elected from Thiruvananthapuram.
The MP from Thiruvananthapuram came in for severe criticism at the meeting for his frequent praise of Modi, the latest being over the Prime Minister’s Clean India campaign. Modi had chosen Tharoor as one of the nine campaign ambassadors.
Tharoor had said, via articles and tweets, that he felt honoured for being invited by the Prime Minister to join the Swachh Bharat campaign. Earlier, he had told a Malayalam newspaper that Modi’s US visit was a success, though nothing concrete had come out of it.
Stiff opposition
All these have been interpreted as Tharoor’s “inching towards the BJP.” The BJP Government has made him the head of the parliamentary committee on foreign affairs.
There was stiff opposition to fielding Tharoor in Thiruvanantharpuram in the recent Lok Sabha election from a section of the party in Kerala, but the national leadership had insisted on his candidature.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

AT&T Ordered to Repay Customers for $80 Million of Bogus Phone ChargesIt's good to only pay for what you actually got.
Photo by Frederic J. Brown/AFP/Getty Images
The Federal Trade Commission notched a win for consumers on Wednesday when it announced a $105 million "cramming" settlement with AT&T. The fine is notable for a few reasons: It's the biggest one the FTC has ever made with a major mobile carrier, and, more importantly, $80 million of it will go to refunding customers who were taken advantage of in the first place.
"Cramming" is what regulators use to describe the illegal practice of stuffing extraneous charges—typically from unauthorized third parties—into customers' bills. These charges are often buried deep in the bill or given vague, deceptive labels such as "service fee" or "other fees" so as not to arouse suspicion. Cramming predates smartphones, but those users are especially vulnerable to it since they tend to make more purchases that unauthorized line items can hide behind. The FTC demonstrates this with an infographic containing "excerpts from an actual AT&T bill."
Screenshot from FTC
Advertisement
Pretty much everyone agrees that cramming is a big problem. In a report released in July, the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation said cramming was a billion-dollar industry that costs consumers millions each year. At the same time, cramming bolsters revenue for AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, and Verizon, as carriers often retain 30 to 40 percent of third-party charges. Earlier that month, the FTC filed a formal complaint against T-Mobile that accused it of reaping hundreds of millions of dollars from phony charges buried in customers' cellphone bills. The FTC says it has pursued seven cases again mobile cramming since 2013.
The FTC is instructing consumers who believe they were charged unfairly by AT&T to submit a refund claim online. As part of its settlement, AT&T is also supposed to notify all current customers who were affected of the deal and the refund program. In other news, trivia text alerts just lost a lot of unwitting but well-paying customers.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

Markets set to snap three-day losing streakMarkets set to snap three-day losing streak
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 09, 2014 02:37 PM IST
Markets edged higher in noon trades with the benchmark indices looking all set to snap its three day losing streak. In addition, strength in global markets and appreciating rupee boosted the sentiments of the market participants.
At 1430 hrs, the Sensex was up 440 points at 26,687 and the Nifty advanced 128 points to trade at 7,971.
The uptick in the broader markets was in line with teh large caps. The mid and smallcap indices were up over 1.7% each.
Sectors & Stocks
On the sectoral front, all sectoral indices, except IT index, were in green. BSE Capital Goods index was the top gainer up 3% followed by BSE Bankex, Healthcare, Oil & Gas, Metal, Realty and Power indicesup 1-2.5%.
In the metal pack, Hindalco was the top gainer, up 5%, as global rival Alcoa Inc's earnings beat forecasts, propelled by higher aluminium prices.
Hindalco expects similar earnings performance from its overseas subsidiary Novelis Inc, which is the world's largest producer of rolled aluminium products. Following the tandem, Sesa Sterlite and Tata Steel were up over 1% each.
Pharma shares witnessed some selling pressure following reports of US Congress prive probe also rebounded and were trading with gains. Dr Reddy's Labs and Sun Pharma are up between 1-1.5% .
Cipla climbed 1.3%% after the company said Medpro Pharma has entered into a tie up with Teva Pharmaceuticals affiliate to exclusively sell Teva products in South Africa. Medpro Pharma is a subsidiary company of Cipla Medpro.
Among the technology stocks, Infosys rebounded from Wednesday's nearly 5% drop following a downgrade by Citigroup. The stock was flat with a positive bias ahead of its second quarter earnings due tomorrow. TCS was also up 1% while Wipro and Tech Mahindra dropped 1-3%.
Financials shares have firmed up on the back of encouraging growth forecast from IMF. HDFC, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank and SBI are up between 2.5-3%.
Shares of oil companies are gaining on the back of declining Brent crude prices. Reliance Industries gained 2% and ONGC was up over 1.5%.
Capital goods shares were among the top gainers. L&T  extended its yesterday’s rally of 2.3%  and was up 3% after the company said its wholly-owned subsidiary L&T Technology Services received approval from the Competition Commission of India to acquire the engineering business of US-based Dell Product and Process Innovation Services.
Meanwhile, Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) jumped 8% to Rs 218 after state-run company said it has bagged EPC (engineering, procurement & construction) contract worth of Rs 7,800 crore for setting up a 1,320 MW thermal power project in Tamil Nadu.
On the flip side, NTPC, ITC and Dr Reddys were the only prominent losers on the BSE down between 0.1-1.3%.
The market breadth was very positive on BSE. 1,975 stocks advanced while 857 stocks declined.
Rupee
The rupee is trading at 61.09/10 versus Wednesday's close of 61.3950/4050 following dovish Fed comments. Almost all Asian currencies were trading stronger versus the dollar.
Global Markets
World stock markets roared their approval on Thursday of reassurances the U.S. Federal Reserve will not rush into raising interest rates, with risk appetite flooding back into almost every asset class.
Minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 meeting published late on Wednesday showed officials were wary about the dual threats of a stronger dollar and recent wobbles in the world economy as they seek an eventual exit from record low rates.
There were big gains for Asia stocks and European shares duly followed suit as Britain's FTSE 100, Germany's DAX  and France's CAC 40 rose 0.7, 1.2 and 0.8% respectively in early trading.

Vodafone seeks spectrum urgently  validity extension by 6 mthsVodafone seeks spectrum urgently, validity extension by 6 mths
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 15:24 IST
Vodafone India head Marten Pieters.
Country's second largest telecom operator Vodafone India has asked the government for immediate allocation of spectrum that it won in the February auction.
The company has also sought extension of the spectrum's validity by six months from the date of allocation.
" Vodafone India has formally requested the DoT and regulator TRAI for immediate allotment of the 1800MHz spectrum, which it had won in auctions. Only 7 weeks are left, when as per DoT, the presently deployed spectrum in 900 MHz is to be replaced by 900MHz won in auctions," Vodafone said in an media advisory note.
Telecom companies, which won spectrum in the auction and paid for it in the first week of March, are yet to be assigned radiowave frequencies that are used for transmitting mobile signals.
Vodafone's licences for telecom services in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata are due to expire in November for which it had to buy spectrum afresh to continue operations. Similarly, Airtel's permit in Delhi and Kolkata are expiring same month.
"Despite several reminders, the spectrum has not been earmarked till now," Vodafone said.
Vodafone Group Chief Vittorio Colao and its India unit Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Marten Pieters had met Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad to discuss the spectrum issue.
The company said spectrum allocation matter is in a critical situation and may have "repercussions bigger than any other quality of service issue seen in the history of mobile telecom in India".
Vodafone had over 91 lakh mobile subscribers in Delhi, 77 lakh in Mumbai and 47 lakh in Kolkata in July.
Both the companies are required to use new set of frequencies in place of their existing spectrum.
Vodafone had won spectrum in 1800 Mhz band, widely known as 2G spectrum, and 900 Mhz, in which mobile signals cover about 2 times more area compared to 1800 Mhz band.
"This changeover under normal circumstances could take at least 6 months after the earmarking of frequencies. DoT is also on record saying that looking at the technical and implementation issues, it is observed that 6 months period may not be sufficient to migrate the network from 900 MHz to 1800 MHz band on extension of licences," Vodafone said.
The company said that under the current situation, with very little time left and spectrum frequencies not assigned on the prescribed date is bound to considerably impact services despite best efforts by the company round the clock.
"The public cannot afford any loss of service because of these changeovers not getting completed due to non-earmarking of spectrum in 1800 MHz band by DoT," Vodafone said.
 Vodafone said it has requested the Department of Telecom to earmark the spectrum without any delay and also take up the issue of changeover in totality on an immediate basis so that there is no loss or inconvenience caused to the public.
"This will include continuation on existing in use 900MHz frequencies for at least 6 months from the date of earmarking of 1800 MHz spectrum, which is a necessity," Vodafone said.
The company has sought DoT response on its communication by October 10, the note said.
In February, seven companies-Airtel, Vodafone, Reliance Jio Infocomm, Idea Cellular, Aircel and Reliance Communications had won spectrum for a cumulative amount of Rs 62,162 crore, but DoT is yet to assign them the frequencies required for operations.
Vodafone India won spectrum bidding by committing Rs 19,644.72 crore.

Cyclone Hudhud range narrowed down  to hit near Andhra coastCyclone Hudhud range narrowed down, to hit near Andhra coast
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times   New Delhi, October 09, 2014
First Published: 14:19 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 14:38 IST(9/10/2014)
Cyclone Hudhud will cross the North Andhra Pradesh coast around Vishakapatnam by October 12 forenoon, according to the India Meterological Department.
 
“On Wednesday we had said that the range for hitting would be between Gopalpur (Odisha) and Vishakapatnam. Now this has been narrowed to nearing Vishakapatnam. The speed would remain the same as of now,” IMD director general LS Rathore said on Thursday.
 
Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulum are the three Andhra Pradesh districts that will be affected the most.
Odisha Disaster Rapid action force (ODRAF) personnel checking up their equipment in preparation ahead of cyclone HudHud in Bhubaneswar.(PTI photo)
An image from INSAT-3D of Indian Meteorological Department shows the actual position of cyclone Hudhud on October 9, 2014th at 08:30am.
The cyclonic storm over east-central Bay of Bengal has moved west-northwestward and intensified into a severe cyclonic storm. It lay centered near latitude 13.8ºN and longitude 89.0ºE, about 750 km southeast of Gopalpur and east-southeast of Visakhapatnam.
 
The system would continue to move west-northwestwards, intensify further into a very severe cyclonic storm during the next 24 hours.
 
M Mohapatra, head of the cyclone warning system, IMD said, “The wind speed of Phailin (cyclone which hit in October last year) was 210-220 kilometres an hour. Hudhud is expected to have a wind speed of 130-140 kilometres an hour. This would be less intense, but we are still keeping a close watch.”
 
OP Singh, director general of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF), said two battalions had been sent to Andhra Pradesh and Odisha. “ There are 12 teams in each battalion, so we have 24 teams ready. Battalions of West Bengal and Bihar have also been alerted. The communication network has been intensified.”
 
Warning for north Andhra Pradesh coast and south Odisha
i. Heavy rainfall warning: Under the influence of the system, rainfall at most places with heavy (6.5 – 12.4 cm) to very heavy fall (12.5 – 24.4 cm) at a few places and isolated extremely heavy falls (more than 24.5 cm) would occur over east Godavari, Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts of north coastal Andhra Pradesh, and in south Odisha from October 11 evening. Rainfall would occur at most places with heavy to very heavy rainfall at isolated places over remaining districts of Andhra Pradesh and north coastal Odisha during the same period.
 
ii. Wind warning: Squally wind speed reaching 50-60 kilometres an hour to 70 kilometres an hour would commence along and off north Andhra Pradesh and south Odisha coasts from October 11 morning. The wind speed would increase to 130-140 kilometres an hour, gusting to 155 kilometres an hour from October 12 morning along and off north Andhra coast and 80-90 kilometres an hour along and off south Odisha coast.
 
iii. Sea condition along and off north Andhra Pradesh and south Odisha coasts: Would be rough to very rough from October 11 morning. It would gradually become phenomenal from October 12 morning onwards along and off north Andhra coast and very rough to high along and off south Odisha coast.
 
iv. Storm surge warning: Of about 1-2 metres above astronomical tide would inundate low lying areas of east Godavari, Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam at the time of landfall.
 
v. Damage expected: Extensive damage to mud houses, partial disruption of power and communication lines and minor disruption of rail and road traffic. There is also a potential threat from flying debris and flooding of escape routes.
 
vi. Action suggested: Suspension of fishing operations in area of influence of cyclone, judicious regulation of aviation, navigation, rail and road traffic. People in affected areas to remain at safe places around period of landfall.

Living on the edge: 30 pictures of Indians under Pakistani fireComments
With no let up in the cross-border firing defence minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday warned Pakistan that it would have to pay a heavy price for its adventurism.
“If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable for it,” Jaitley said adding that Pakistan should stop firing along the border if it wanted peace.
Jaitley also lauded the Indian forces saying they were doing a commendable job in the face of acts of aggression by Pakistan.
The latest episode of ceasefire violation by Pakistan has so far left eight people dead and 80 others, including nine security men, injured. More than 30,000 people have been displaced so far.
Take a look at the images of human suffering along the 192-km international border showing how Pakistan's incessant firing has shattered lives and livelihoods:
An injured child at the Government Medical College and Hospital in Jammu after heavy firing by the Pakistan Rangers in Pittal and Tent Guard border posts at Arnia sector in Jammu. PTI Photo
A villager shows bullet marks on the wall of his house after a firing from Pakistan side in Kaku Da Kotha village at Arnia sector in Jammu. PTI Photo
A villager looks at mortar shell marks fired into a residential area from the Pakistan side at Devigarh Village in Arnia Sector near the Pakistan border. AP Photo/Channi Anand
A villager showing mortar shells fired by Pakistan Rangers at Kaku de Kothe in RS Pura sector in Jammu. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
A boy sits near a broken glass of windows by the splinders of mortar shells fired by Pakistan Rangersat Kaku de Kothe in RS Pura sector in Jammu. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
A boy takes photos of a mortar shell fired into a residential area from the Pakistan side Devigarh Village in Arnia Sector in Jammu. AP Photo/Channi Anand
A boy displays a mortar shell seen through a damaged wall fired into a residential area from the Pakistan side Devigarh Village in Arnia sector in Jammu. AP Photo/Channi Anand
A villager shows mortar shells fired from the Pakistan side in Chanana village at Arnia sector in Jammu. PTI Photo
Villagers show bullet marks on the wall of a house after a firing from Pakistan side in Devigarh village at Arnia sector in Jammu. PTI Photo
Villagers sit near a blood stained spot after mortar shell firing from the Pakistan side into a residential area at Masha da kothe village in Arnia Sector in Jammu. AP Photo/Channi Anand
Residents injured in cross-border firing are being treated at the Government Medical College and Hospital in Jammu. AFP Photo
An injured child lies on the bed of the Medical College and Hospital after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers in Jammu. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
A man sits next to the body of his relative killed in a heavy shelling from Pakistan Rangers in Goverment Medical College and Hospital in Jammu. HT Photo/ Nitin Kanotra
Relatives of the villagers killed in heavy mortar shelling and firing by Pakistani troops crying at Goverment Medical College and Hospital in Jammu. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
Relatives of the villagers killed in heavy mortar shelling and firing by Pakistani troops crying at Goverment Medical College and Hospital in Jammu. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
An injured villager lies on the bed of the Medical College and Hospital after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers in Jammu. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
An injured villager lies on the bed of the Medical College and Hospital after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers in Jammu. PTI Photo
A villager looks at a wall damaged after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers at a residential area near the Pakistan border in Jammu. PTI Photo
Villagers show mortar shell marks on a wall after indiscriminate firing by Pakistan Rangers at a residential area near the Pakistan border in Jammu. PTI Photo
A woman mourns the death of her relative whom locals say was killed by firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Arnia village in Jammu. Reuters Photo/Mukesh Gupta
A woman walks past a stain which locals said was the blood of a villager killed by firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Arnia village in Jammu. Reuters Photo/Mukesh Gupta
Villagers mourn the death of their relative whom locals say was killed by firing from the Pakistan side of the border at Arnia village in Jammu. Reuters Photo/Mukesh Gupta
A villager showing a photograph of family members who were killed in alleged Pakistani firing at Masha da kothe village in Arnia Sector near the Pakistan border. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
Villagers stands near a blood stained spot after mortar shell firing from the Pakistan side into a residential area at Masha da kothe village in Arnia Sector near the Pakistan border. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah during cremation of victims of the firing by Pakistan Rangers in Jammu. PTI Photo
Villagers clear items from a house damaged by firing from Pakistani side at Kashipur village in Arnia sector near the Pakistan border. AFP Photo
A villager walks near damaged shops hit by mortar attack fired from the Pakistan’s side in Arnia sector near the Pakistan border. AP Photo/Channi Anand
A lady clear items from a damaged house at Arnia village in Ranbir Singh Pura in Jammu. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
A villager stands near a mortar shell marks on the roof of his house allegedly fired from Pakistan's side at Arnia village in Ranbir Singh Pura in Jammu. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
Men carry damaged plywoods after shelling from the Pakistani side at village Chilayari in Jammu. PTI Photo
With inputs from Agencies

Boris Johnsons pension logic is flawedOctober 9, 2014 11:42 am
Boris Johnson’s pension fund logic is flawed
By Alasdair Smith
Call for consolidation of schemes shows the mayor doesn’t understand pensions
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6baa34de-4ee8-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Assocham raises concern over power holiday for Telangana industriesAssocham raises concern over power holiday for Telangana industries
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 9:  
ASSOCHAM has expressed its serious concern on imposition of a two-day compulsory power holiday for the industries in the State of Telangana. While all the segments of the industry will bear the impact, the small scale units will face death knoll, its Secretary General D S Rawat warned.
Increase in the cost of production would result in loss of competitiveness following use of alternative energy sources by some industries, and disruptions in the production schedules would impact SMEs’ supply commitments.
Ultimately this would lead to job loss of up to 50 per cent in the factory sector. In view of the impending economic loss and labour unrest, the State Government must immediately explore the opportunities to normalise power situation, the Chamber suggested.
The State should urgently tap non-conventional energy sources such as wind power generation and solar photovoltaic. The total capacity of solar systems installed so far is insignificant as compared to the potential. Even, of the sanctioned projects only a fraction of them were installed.
Assocham said Telangana needs to focus on improvement of its power sector. It needs to exploit the abundant coal reserves, bridge the shortfall to industries and encourage private sector to increase generation capacity.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

ABI announces 4th edition of Women Entrepreneur QuestABI announces 4th edition of Women Entrepreneur Quest
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore Oct 9:  
The Anita Borg Institute (ABI), a non-profit organization focused on advancing  women in  computing, has announced  the 4th edition of  the Women Entrepreneur Quest (WEQ) 2014, which will be held during the 5th annual Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing India (GHCI) conference.  
 
The annual conference, presented by the Anita Borg Institute and the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM-India), will take place from November 19-21 in Bangalore. WEQ is a contest designed to promote and showcase early-stage ventures with a technology component, founded or led by women entrepreneurs in all technologies, according to a company statement. It focuses on talented women technologists in the founding or leadership team of early stage start-ups who have applied technology in innovative ways to solve meaningful business problems, the statement added.
The winner of the WEQ 2014 contest will be awarded a grand cash prize of Rs  5 lakh. Geetha Kannan, India Managing Director of the Anita Borg Institute said that the development of high-potential women entrepreneurs is extremely critical to India’s economy.  
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Kamineni  DIREF pact for surgical simulation proceduresKamineni, DIREF pact for surgical simulation procedures
M Somasekhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 9:  
Very soon a surgeon will be able to operate on a virtual replica of any given patient’s vital organs before undertaking it on the patient and considerable reduce risks.
Called patient-specific surgical simulators, they enable a surgeon get a head start in critical procedures. The Michigan, US-based Detroit International Research and Education Foundation (DIREF), is in the process of developing these simulators.
DIREF is also in advanced stages of testing a prototype of a handheld diagnostic device that can help detect and identify specific conditions and pathogens using their Raman spectroscopic signatures.
The Kamineni Group, which runs a chain of hospitals and medical schools has signed a memorandum of understanding with the DIREF, which is a corporation for international telemedicine consultation services to bring these and many other medical advances to the needy patients.
The plan is to utilise strengths to bring best diagnostic services and treatment methods to help patients at the different healthcare institutions. They will also develop research protocols and modules at par with global standards.
Commenting on the MoU, K Sashidhar, Managing Director, Kamineni Group said , "We will work with DIREF to identify ways and means by which we can revolutionise the process of diagnosis and treatments offered to the patients at our various health care institutions."
Kamineni Hospitals, started two decades ago has over 2000 beds space. In addition to two hospitals in Hyderabad, it has one in Narketpally in Nalgonda District. Recently it started a 350 bedded super speciality hospital at Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Hackers deface Press Club website  post anti-India commentsHackers deface Press Club website, post anti-India comments
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
The newly launched website of Delhi’s Press Club of India was hacked on Thursday morning and anti-India and anti-Modi comments were posted on it.
“We have lodged a complaint with the cyber cell of Delhi Police,” said Nadeem Kazmi, general secretary of the club, adding that four days ago, too, the website (pressclubofindia.org) had “gone black’. He said the website started rolling about a month ago was yet to be formally launched.
The cyber attack comes a day after the Pakistan People’s Party website was hacked and comments posted against Bilawal Bhutto for his comments on Kashmir, as also at a time when hostilities are building up along the border due to ceasefire violations by Pakistan, leading to civilian casualties in J&K.
A screen shot of the hacked site showed “HACKED BY MaDdY ZeOx”, warning that “Our target is your Government’s Websites. … … … We will Inshalaah (sic) with The help of Many Muslim Hackers. Take You Off From The Internet ! (sic) Your Credit Cards, Your Bank's Account, Your Servers ... Are In Danger! In Jammu and Kashmir Millions Of People Were Dead... Pakistan's Muslims Are Killed In The Force's Attacks... Indian Forces Destroyed Kashmir's Families ...Killed Innocent Childrens (sic) ... But No One Cares !!!!."
The hackers also address ‘dear citizens’, saying: “Muslims Are Not Terrorist! (sic)” and ‘dear admin: We Just Want To Publish Our Message!”
Apart from other incriminating anti-India messages, even addressing the President Pranab Mukherjee, the hackers sign off as “Team Cyber Warriors” – “Expect us! And Try To Catch Us: D” with a logo carrying Pakistan’s flag.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Vodafone India seeks early allocation of spectrum won in Feb auctionsVodafone India seeks early allocation of spectrum won in Feb auctions
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
Telecom operator Vodafone India has sought for an “immediate” allocation of the spectrum it won during the auctions held in February.
In a letter to the Department of Telecommunications (DoT), the GSM operator has sought 1800 MHz spectrum in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata.
“With only seven weeks left, as per DoT, the presently deployed spectrum in 900 MHz is to be replaced by 900 MHz won in auctions. Hence, timely earmarking of the spectrum won is essential for the company to replace existing spectrum which is in full operational use in Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata service areas,” Vodafone India said in the communiqué.
“In places such as Delhi the quantum will in fact get reduced from 8 MHz to 5 MHz. Further in all circles, the frequency spots for 900 MHz and 1800 MHz are changing. In such a scenario it is imperative to deploy the 1800 MHz spectrum won in auctions first which will then enable release of the existing 900 MHz,” it added.
Vodafone India, a subsidiary of British telecom major Vodafone, alleged that the spectrum has not been earmarked till now despite several reminders.
The GSM operator had also sought a six-month extension for using existing 900 MHz frequencies from the date of the allotment of 1800 MHz.
“Under the current situation, with very little time left and spectrum in 1800 MHz not yet earmarked, any such replacement of 900 MHz on the prescribed date is bound to considerably impact services despite best efforts by the company,” it said.
“The changeover under normal circumstances could take at least six months after the earmarking of frequencies,” it added.
Telecom operators, who had won spectrum in the February auctions were yet to be allocated the radio waves.
Vodafone India’s licences for telecom services in these circles expire in November.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

China s currency dream gets U.K. liftChina's currency dream gets U.K. lift
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN October 9, 2014: 9:26 AM ET
Investors will soon be able to buy a British government bond issued in China's currency.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
China's bid to turn its currency into a global heavyweight got a boost Thursday with news that Britain will become the first Western nation to borrow money in yuan.
The U.K. government has appointed three banks -- Bank of China ( BACHF ), HSBC ( HSBC ) and Standard Chartered ( SCBFF ) -- to sell the first non-Chinese sovereign bond in the currency.
Proceeds from the sale will be added to the U.K.'s official foreign currency reserves, worth just over $100 billion. Borrowing to finance government spending is carried out exclusively in British pounds.
Most countries hold their reserves in U.S. dollars or euros. The U.K. is no exception, although it does have smaller amounts of Japanese yen and Canadian dollars.
Investors will be given more details about the U.K. bond on Monday.
The first sale is likely to be relatively small, raising perhaps the equivalent of just $300 million. But if other countries follow suit, the yuan will gain new stature in global currency markets.
Beijing has kept tight control of the yuan in the past, limiting money flows in and out of the country and holding down the exchange rate as a way to boost manufacturing and exports.
But it has taken several steps in recent years to relax these restrictions , agreeing to deals that allow the currency -- also known as the renminbi -- to trade directly against the U.S. dollar, pound, Australian dollar and the yen.
Related: The Shanghai Free Trade Zone is a dud
In March, it also allowed the yuan to trade within a wider band .
Governments and banks are falling over themselves to cash in on what could become an enormous offshore financial market.
London is hoping growing volumes of yuan trade will bolster its position as the world's premier center for foreign exchange dealing.
Official figures show London trading in yuan averaged $25 billion a day last year, up 50% from 2012.
First Published: October 9, 2014: 9:26 AM ET
Most Popular

Vietnamese  Chinese Choose Capitalist RoadKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

HC directs Chautala to appear before it tomorrowHC directs Chautala to appear before it tomorrow
Stone Brewing to Build Virginia FacilityKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

An unusual abortion storylineBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 9 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Country music soap opera “Nashville” has torn through a lot of plot lines as it enters its third season, from old chestnuts like paternity scandals, the arrests of tyrannical fathers and dramatic car accidents to  a country diva’s dramatic loss and recovery of her voice . But last week, the series did something I have not seen on television: It built a plot twist out of laws that require states to give women certain information about their pregnancies before they can legally have a termination.
Hayden Panettiere (Credit: ABC)
Last season, rising star Juliette Barnes (Hayden Panettiere) made the stupid mistake of having sex with repellent label head Jeff Fordham (Oliver Hudson) after finding out her boyfriend Avery (Jonathan Jackson) still had some feelings for his ex-girlfriend Scarlett (Clare Bowen). Even stupider, the sex turned out to be unprotected.
A pregnancy story line would not have been surprising, given how fast Nashville burns through story lines anyway. And Panettiere is pregnant in real life , which both gave the show an opportunity and meant that “Nashville” could not take the convenient television way out by giving her a miscarriage. Instead, the program took an equally common route and gave Juliette a change of heart about the abortion she initially intended to have.
The choice was not striking. The way “Nashville” led Juliette to it was, though. Convinced that the fetus was Fordham’s, Juliette charged ahead and scheduled an appointment for a termination. Once she had changed into her gown at the doctor’s office, a technician informed her that Tennessee law requires patients to be notified of how far along they are.
This is not actually true. Tenneessee requires parental consent for minors who want to obtain abortions and has limitations on telemedicine, public funding for abortions and insurance coverage for abortion under the Affordable Care Act, but it does not require that women view ultrasounds or receive counseling before they can have abortion procedures. And explaining to a woman how advanced her pregnancy is seems like something her obstetrician ought to be doing anyway, legal requirements or not.
But while the law may have been dubious, the plot mechanics were ingenious. Upon learning that her pregnancy was further advanced than she assumed, Juliette figured out that the baby was Avery’s, not Jeff’s. Instead of being a testament to one of the worst decisions she’s ever made, Juliette’s pregnancy suddenly becomes an opportunity for a do-over on one of her best, her relationship with Avery.
After her visit to the doctor she is just as wealthy and capable of hiring help as she was before. She certainly has the same emotional issues stemming from her turbulent childhood. Rather than hand waving these issues away so Juliette will keep the baby for the sake of future plot and character development rather than anything true to her nature, “Nashville” managed to have her get new information that would genuinely complicate her decision-making.
Most change-of-heart story lines are rooted in rather old-fashioned anti-abortion pitches about motherhood. Female characters like Amber (Mae Whitman) on “Parenthood” decide to have babies out of a sense of emotional connection to the pregnancy, however impractical. Sometimes, young women like Bev, one of the two main characters in Emily Gould’s “Friendship,” decide that a pregnancy will force them to right their faltering lives. Pregnancy, in these depictions, is a condition that softens the female characters we have come to know, altering their brains in subtle ways.
If “Nashville’ is smart, they will not do this to Juliette, who is one of the more compelling female characters to come along in network drama in the last several years, an appealing synthesis of flint and raw vulnerability. This kickoff to her pregnancy story line, in which the information changes rather than Juliette’s essential character, seems like a promising indication.
Pro-choice advocates, frustrated (as I often am) by television’s coyness about and creative avoidance of abortion, would not be wrong to be annoyed at “Nashville” for muddying the state of abortion law or for coming up with yet another way to drive a female character into pregnancy. But both they and people who oppose abortion should think about this episode seriously.
“Nashville” is unlikely to reframe the entire abortion debate, nor is anyone else. But it was still striking to see a show focus on a specific woman and her circumstances, rather than trying to sell her on what kind of woman she ought to be.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Sikka strategy to transform IT servicesInfosys CEO Vishal Sikka eyes design, innovation in new IT services strategy
BS Reporter | Bangalore Oct 10, 2014 12:24 AM IST
He has his roots in the software product industry, where productivity is not measured by billing the clients on the basis of works rendered for each hour unlike the information technology(IT) services industry. Now at helm of India’s second largest IT services company Infosys as the first non-founder chief executive officer and managing director, Vishal Sikka has clearly charted out that the reincarnated Infosys will not be interested in the ‘services of yesterday’, but something where people will be able to apply ‘design thinking’ leveraging efficiency tools such as automation and artificial intelligence.
During his little over than four months of working with Infosys, Sikka has in several occasions touched upon the way he would like the company to be transformed to the next level though the details are expected after the company’s quarterly earnings on Friday. But in his keynote address at the recently concluded Oracle OpenWorld in San Francisco, he dwelt upon a few of those aspects what he has envisioned for the company.
“…the main business of Infosys is our services. I see a tremendous opportunity to rethink the way services are done. In many ways when I took this new role, I thought about the world of services and I came to the conclusion that myself and us at Infosys, we are not interested in the services of yesterday,” said Sikka during his first ever address at Oracle OpenWorld.
“We believe that a great new thinking in services can be brought to life. We think the world of services itself can be transformed. And that transformation stems from being able to bring efficiency but also automation, artificial intelligence techniques to bear, to amplify the role of the people in the services world.”
While the IT and business process management services organizations are seen increasingly moving towards automating the processes with an aim of enhancing the efficiency and creating a leaner model, this is something also often being considered as a Rs job killer’. However, Sikka says tools like automation, artificial intelligence or natural language processing are technological innovations which are aimed at amplifying the human potentials further. He said, the same thing has happened in the past when the power loom was invented or when technology was used to a greater extent in agriculture thus resulting in green revolution couple of decades ago.
“Do you remember when the steam loom was going to make the people obsolete, the sewing machine was going to make the ‘sewers’ obsolete? This is a great advance of technology. It happens all the time, continuously. It has been going on for centuries,” he said.
“Focus on those things that are not possible for the machines to do and bring a great human revolution to life … I believe that a great services rethinking can be done around such a human revolution. But we believe also that the new kinds of services are necessary using the power of techniques like design thinking to be able to go in to new unprecedented areas … to able to do new kinds of things in new kinds of ways, to be able to explore what is interesting and to bring the power of design thinking to bear for this new types of things,” added Sikka who is widely considered as an ace technocrat.
One of the first few things he enumerated after taking charge at Infosys was to bring in a culture of innovation which can even make the mundane software coding jobs interesting and appealing. “Life is too short to focus only on the mundane,” he had said.
He had also prompted the company to engage more with the start-up communities that are seen to be coming with innovations in niche areas. Giving an example, Sikka said Infosys is now helping Clique Intelligence, a spin-off from DreamWorks Animation, to commercialise their collaboration tool which is unique because of the nature of the work in the animation industry. It is because a typical animation movie has billion of files in it which are stitched together by the employees with the help of the collaboration tools.
MAKING MOVES
Bring in tools such as automation, artificial intelligence, robots, natural language processing
 
Use power of techniques such as  design thinking to go in to new unprecedented areas
 
Bring in culture of innovation
 

Throw NCP out  PM Modi tells voters in Sharad Pawar s bastionAjit Pawar
(Modi said, "Nation became…)
MUMBAI: Under fire, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today launched a counter offensive against Congress and NCP on ceasefire violations by Pakistan, saying such issues should not be dragged into political discourse as he hauled them over the coals over corruption in Maharashtra.
NCP boss and former Defence Minister Sharad Pawar was the butt of Modi's criticism as he continued to hit the campaign trail for Maharashtra Assembly poll with a vengeance despite being dubbed an "absentee" Prime Minister by Congress.
"When you were the defence minister, there were problems with Pakistan and China on the border. Did you ever bother to go to the border then?"
"There have been terror strikes in Maharashtra during your tenure... Mumbai, Malegaon, Pune. You could not even reach the terrorists, leave alone catching them. In the spirit of patriotism, we never politicised the issue," he told an election rally at Baramati, Pawar's pocket borough.
Modi was responding to Pawar's criticism for holding a string of election meetings despite the tension on the border following repeated ceasefire violations by Pakistan that have caused civilian casualties.
"Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage," he said, adding "the enemy has realised that times have changed and their old habits will not be tolerated."
Deprecating a political discourse over ceasefire violations, he said, "Such an issue should not be part of a political debate... Elections will come and go, governments will come and go, but please don't demoralise those fighting on the border by debating these things for political gains."
Seeking to turn the tables on the Opposition over its criticism of the government for handling the situation on the border, Modi again raised the issue at a poll rally in Mumbai, saying, "I am astonished by their nonsensical statements and they want me to respond.
"You tell me, should I respond. Should the PM respond to this. The jawan standing on the border is responding with his hand on the trigger. There will not come a time when the PM has to respond, this is the strength of my government," he said.
"Never be fooled by attempts to create confusion on this issue. Your trust is my strength," the Prime Minister said amid chants of "Modi! Modi".
Pawar and his nephew Ajit, Maharashtra's former Deputy Chief Minister, were in the line of Modi's fire again when he raked up an embarrassing episode involving the latter that could prove damaging during the election.
"Don't you remember what he (Ajit Pawar) told you when you asked for water? It was only water you had asked for. It is unthinkable that such people become ministers, my head hangs in shame.
"They have no right to ask for votes. It is a matter of your prestige now. Throw them out," Modi said referring to Ajit Pawar's unseemly comment about a fasting farmer demanding water in the drought-prone region.
  Ajit Pawar, while ridiculing a farmer fasting for water had said at Indapur a few months ago, "He has been fasting for the last 55 days. If there is no water in the dam, how can we release it? Should we urinate into it? If there is no water to drink, even urination is not possible."
Equating Pawar family's grip over Baramati to slavery, Modi said, "The nation became independent but Baramati is still yoked to slavery. Be it for job or water for farms, people have to seek permission from the uncle-nephew duo. Farmers cannot even sell their sugarcane crop without their nod."
"Gandhiji shook the British empire with a handful of salt at Dandi. You don't have to even use your fist to get freedom. What you need is a finger to press on BJP's lotus symbol and freedom will be yours," he said.
Modi said NCP's election symbol clock symbolised their misdeeds.
"NCP's clock (party symbol) is actually an eye opener. If you observe it closely you will find the clock is stuck at 10. It tells us that in 10 years corruption has grown 10 times during their rule. Such politicians have no place in Maharashtra politics," he said.
While Ajit Pawar is a sitting MLA from Baramati, Sharad Pawar won the seat five times in a row from 1991 to 2009 when he handed over the baton to his daughter Supriya Sule, who won the seat twice in 2009 and 2014.
At his rally in Mumbai, his second in six days, Modi again targeted the Pawars, saying, "The musclemen politicians, uncle-nephew duo... all will be wiped out in the election."
"There is anger after oppression and today I see that anger on every face. Mahatma Gandhi gave the call for total freedom from this land. I ask you today for giving us total majority," he said.
Referring to his criticism for frequently invoking Maratha king Shivaji during his election speeches, Modi said, "In this election, parties are squabbling over Chhatrapati Shivaji. Shivaji belongs to everybody, to every generation. He has eternal greatness."
"I ask Sharad Rao (Pawar) if you have great love for Shivaji, why didn't you build a magnificent memorial to him? Why you remember him only during elections? Today, people are crying for a memorial to Babasaheb Ambedkar. Cannot we do this for the man who gave us Constitution," he asked.
Modi has been criticised by former ally Shiv Sena for trying to appropriate its enduring icon despite not even once celebrating his birth anniversary.
The Prime Minister said all previous equations based on caste and creed were on the death bed and soon there will be no place for vote bank politics.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No near-term plan to monetise WhatsApp: Zuck...Facebook
(Facebook Chief Executive…)
NEW DELHI: World's largest social networking site Facebook today said it has no near-term plan to monetise messaging app service WhatsApp, which it acquired earlier this year for $19 billion.
Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg , who is in India for the Internet.org Summit , said the company is focusing on getting more people to use the service.
"Over the long term, I think there are pretty clear models for building products around messaging products. You can see that through examples like some of the Chinese messaging products like Tencent . Wechat has been very successful.
"We have different ideas about what we can do but for the near future, I mean the next few years, we are really focused on connecting more people, to get them to use our service," Zuckerberg said.
WhatsApp has over 600 million using the service every month. It works across different types of phones without advertising. The app charges 99 cents as an annual subscription fee, which is waived off for the first year.
According to reports, Facebook's final WhatsApp acquisition price tag has risen by an additional $3 billion to roughly $22 billion because of the increased value of Facebook's stock in recent months.
In February this year, Facebook announced its largest-ever acquisition with the transaction involving $12 billion worth of Facebook shares, $4 billion in cash and $3 billion in restricted stock units.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinas migrants avoid Spain crises by keeping cash in the familyChina’s migrants thrive in Spain’s financial crisis
By Tobias Buck in Madrid
Entrepreneurs rely on family support to scale the economic ladder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8d02554-3e93-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Malaysia lenders take steps to mergeThree Malaysia lenders to swap shares in step towards merger
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/75d8c5a4-4f9e-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kerry: Address Climate Change Before It s Too LateKatniss Everdeen continues to be the girl on fire. "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I" claimed the top spot at the...
Murray Close/Lionsgate/AP Photo

PepsiCo is trying to prove that it still makes sense to sell sodaPepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi has reduced the company's reliance on soft drinks.(PRNewsFoto/PepsiCo)
SHARE
Brian Browdie
October 9, 2014
The numbers:  Good . PepsiCo posted net income for the third quarter of $2 billion, up 5% from the same period a year ago. Sales rose 2% to $17.2 billion.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The takeaway: PepsiCo benefits from the breadth of its brands, which include Doritos, Quaker Oats and Lay’s. In recent quarters, packaged foods have proved to be between three and six times as profitable for PepsiCo in the Americas as the company’s soda business, which remains flat. PepsiCo also is seeing growth overseas, especially in Asia, which in the latest quarter contributed 10% of sales.
What’s interesting: While management may not agree, PepsiCo seems fortunate to have an activist investor eyeballing its income statement. Over the past year Nelson Peltz has been pushing PepsiCo to spin off snacks from the company’s slower-growing drinks dynasty. In July, the California State Teachers’ Retirement System, one of the country’s biggest pension funds, endorsed Peltz’s campaign. Though PepsiCo has rebuffed the proposal, the scrutiny challenges management to make the case for sticking to its diverse portfolio of businesses, including both soda and snacks. In other words, if PepsiCo wants to hang onto its namesake soda business, it had better produce profits.
Share this:

Carl Icahn wants to rescue Apple investors from a record high stock price and flawless balance sheetCarl Icahn? Huge iPhone 6 fan. (Reuters/Adrees Latif)
SHARE
John McDuling @jmcduling
October 9, 2014
“Activist investor” is one of the great misnomers in finance, an industry that is not afraid to misappropriate phrases to make itself look better.  And few “activist investors” (you might prefer “corporate raiders”) are as successful and influential as Carl Icahn.
The septuagenerian New Yorker has has made billions for himself and his investors over the years by purchasing stakes in underperforming companies and then pressing for changes and/or overthrowing management to unlock value for shareholders.
One of his more recent targets: Apple. Earlier this year Icahn pushed the company to put some of its ample cash (much of which is stored offshore and can’t be repatriated without being taxed) into stock buybacks— a simple piece of financial engineering that makes shares more scarce, and in theory more valuable. The company obliged, and since Icahn invested, the stock price has increased significantly.
Today, Icahn fired off another missive to CEO Tim Cook and the Apple board, calling on Cook to “meaningfully accelerate and increase the magnitude of share repurchases” to help rectify the “massive undervaluation of Apple in today’s market”.
Our letter to @tim_cook re $AAPL on @YahooFinance Contributors "Sale: Apple Shares at Half Price" http://t.co/z4F2XMtHv8
— Carl Icahn (@Carl_C_Icahn) October 9, 2014
Adjusted for a stock split that came earlier this year, Apple shares already are trading near record highs, driven largely by optimism surrounding the iPhone 6 and Apple Watch. But Icahn claims the stock could be worth roughly double its current value if the buyback was ramped up.
For the record, Icahn shares in the enthusiasm for the new product lineup. The watch, he said, “revolutionizes the entire category from both a hardware and software perspective.” And he suggested the company could do the same for televisions in the coming years.
[W]e believe we have good enough reason to expect the introduction of an UltraHD TV set in FY 2016. We think television represents a large opportunity for Apple, one that reaches far beyond “the hobby” that Apple TV currently represents.
Unusually, he also heaped praise on management, describing Cook as “the ideal CEO for Apple.” It’s painfully polite and friendly stuff.
Buybacks are undeniably boring. As Matt Yglesias has pointed out, they don’t do much for society as a a whole, certainly compared to alternative uses of capital such as wage increases or investments in operations. Their efficacy relative to that other form of boring capital management, dividends, also is fiercely debated in corporate finance circles. Especially when shares are at record highs, like Apple’s are now, repurchases bring out the skeptics. Effectively, Icahn is urging the company to buy back its own shares at the top (or, to let him cash out on his position at the top, although he promised in the letter “not to tender any of our shares if the company consummates any form of a tender offer at any price”).
When Icahn speaks, the market listens. His Apple letter already has had the desired effect—the stock is up 1% today.  And the reality is, if there is any sign that the company is going to bow to his pressure, they’ll probably go even higher.
Share this:

Americans apply to so many schools that its messing up college admissionsThe test is the easy part(Reuters/Lisi Niesner)
SHARE
Max Nisen @MaxNisen
October 9, 2014
Easier application due to the Common App and an overall digital shift is driving massive growth in applications numbers, far outstripping the increase in actual students. A research report from Moody’s notes that applications have jumped by 70% from 2004 to 2013. There’s only been a 5% increase in high school graduates:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Common Application launched 35 years ago, with 15 schools and an aim to standardize the admissions process. Its membership has expanded dramatically, it has gone online, and made applying to multiple colleges dramatically easier. Its paper app was retired entirely last year. Here’s the growth in its member institutions:
Share
Tap image to zoom
It is removing its essay requirement for the next cycle, according to a Moody’s research report. Many schools  append extra essays , but not all, and this should further increase applications and members schools according to analyst Michael Osborn.
The rise in application has been encouraged by schools trying to get better and more diverse classes, and has been helpful in lowering barriers to entry. But it’s backfiring on many.
It’s reached a point where schools have a really hard time determining how many might actually enroll. As more students apply, selectivity means less, and qualified students might miss out on a school they very much want to attend.
According to the report, almost a fifth of colleges had yield rates under 20%, meaning that less than 20% of accepted students attend. Just 2% of institutions had those yield rates in 2003:
Share
Tap image to zoom
It’s harder to project how many students might attend, to have a full entering class, to budget effectively, and to keep tuition income steady in a time when many schools are under financial pressure.
The profusion of applications is in part due to a feedback loop between more informed and price-sensitive students, and more accommodating schools. It’s easier to apply to many schools, and pick the best deal. So it’s leading to heavy discounts, schools offer more financial aid and scholarships in order to attract desirable students.
That’s great if it lowers costs for those that need it. But it can create artificial selectivity, gets qualified students rejected, and it could be inflating the sticker price of college overall. It may provide an advantage to the comparatively well off, who can afford application fees, and who have a tendency to apply to many more schools  (pdf) in the first place as they’re more informed about the benefits of reaching for elite schools and potential price spreads.
There’s plenty of benefit to a standardized, easier application process. But sheer volume is finally catching up with admissions departments.
Share this:

Ebola-hit Liberia cancels nationwide election: governmentEbola-hit Liberia cancels nationwide election: government
MP expects atleast Rs 2 lakh cr investments from SummitMP expects atleast Rs 2 lakh cr investments from Summit
Takeover target Allergan raises guidanceTakeover target Allergan raises guidance
By David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/87a6d396-4fb9-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt employees attendance surveillance system goes onlinePress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 9, 2014 8:38 pm
An electronic surveillance system to keep track of punctuality of government officials will become fully operational by the month end as part of Narendra Modi Government’s efforts to discipline employees.
Online trial run of the live biometric attendance system (BAS) have begun and attendance of over 50,000 employees from 148 departments can be viewed online. The system uses fingerprints to ensure that employees physically turn up and do not use proxies.
“BAS for central employees will be fully functional by the end of this month,” DeitY Secretary Ram Sevak Sharma informed.
The website, attendance.gov.in, is hooked up to computers in government offices that will identify employees through their fingerprint and unique identity number (Aadhaar).
It displays a dynamic, real-time chart of how many people are at work. It is also possible check when an individual checks in and logs out of the system.
The programme is currently being implemented in the central government offices located in the national capital and will eventually expand to all central Government employees across the country.
Wall mounted bio-metric attendance terminals have been installed in government buildings. Government employees can mark their attendance in any of the buildings where biometric terminals are installed.
So far, over 50,000 employees have registered on the site, he said, adding that around 10,000 more are expected to join this month.
The system will start with tracking attendance of central government employees stationed in the national capital, he said.
According to the information available on the attendance web portal, as many as 148 central government organisations have registered themselves for the same.
So far, about 50,027 employees have registered on the portal, of the total 66,353 employees. Out of the registered users, 47,644 employees are Aadhaar verified.

Zuckerberg says digital access can boost developmentFacebook’s CEO Zuckerberg to meet PM Modi today
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 09, 2014
First Published: 19:47 IST(9/10/2014) | Last Updated: 09:44 IST(10/10/2014)
Comments
Facebook’s CEO Mark Zuckerberg started an India visit on Thursday with an aim to link India’s pressing needs for development with his own ambitious plan to lift up hundreds of millions of people above the digital poverty line – and in the process build a huge market for his social network that made him a billionaire when he was only 23.
“People do need food, clothing, health and toilets,” the 30-year-old told a news conference. “Internet is an enabler of all these things. Nobody is going to say the internet is more important than food or clean water.”
Read: Internet for all, Zuckerberg’s India mantra
Zuckerberg, due to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday, was asked about the leader’s Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan (Clean India Movement) and his meeting. “I am interested in learning how we can help. I am going to be listening,” he said of the meeting, saying the common interest was in Modi’s “Digital India” initiative.
He focused largely on his pet plan to bridge the digital divide, and said free “basic internet services” that demonstrate the utility of the information network would help millions discover the internet because they do not know how it would benefit them.
Facebook’s plan is to engage with telecom operators in countries such as the Philippines, Tanzania and Paraguay to test free Internet-based information services and then bring them to India. It is important to make such ventures profitable for telecom service providers, Zuckerberg said.
Asked about concerns on privacy in which Facebook is often used of intruding into the affairs of its users through its technology driven market research, Zuckerberg said his company believed in making products that are tweaked and modified on the basis of feedback from users.
“We have empathy for all cultures,” he said.

Line drawn to payment app after IPO delayOctober 9, 2014 4:44 pm
Line drawn to mobile payments after IPO delay
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6fa8db96-4f9f-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AAPL worth $1 trillion  Icahn figuresIf Icahn's right, Apple would become first $1 trillion company
By: Adam Shell October 9, 2014 10:27 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Apple CEO Tim Cook unveils new products Sept. 9 in Cupertino, Calif. (Justin Sullivan, Getty Images)
Apple is already the world’s most valuable company, with a market value of $634.85 billion as of Wednesday night’s close at $100.80 a share. But if activist Carl Icahn, who says Apple stock is worth $203, is right, Apple would become the world’s first $1 trillion company.
Icahn this morning sent a letter to Apple CEO Tim Cook pushing for more share buybacks from the cash-rich iPhone and iPad maker, and stressing that Apple shares are “massively” undervalued and worth $203 a share based on his expectations for earnings growth of 30% a year in fiscal years ending in 2016 and 2017.
The $203 price target is more than two times the current price of Apple shares (at 11:15 a.m. ET Apple’s stock was up $1.37 to $102.17). It is also well above the average price target of $111.86 based on Thomson/First Call data from 43 brokerages.
Icahn, of course, is an interested party, as he owns 53 million shares of Apple stock so has a vested interest in the stock going higher, as well as buybacks putting a more positive spin on the company’s earnings profile.
Still, if Icahn is right and Apple shares hit his $203 target, the gadget maker would be valued well in excess of $1 trillion.
To be more specific, Apple’s market value would swell to $1.2 trillion — or $1,215,537.00 for those into precision mathematics — according to calculations performed for USA TODAY by Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices.
How gargantuan a company would Apple grow to if Icahn’s call turns out to be prescient and the other more conservative Wall Street analysts are dead wrong?
At a share price of $203 and a market cap north of $1.2 trillion, Apple would be “worth more than the bottom 150 companies in the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500 stock index, currently valued at $1.18 trillion,” Silverblatt says.
If that statistic doesn’t dazzle you — and nobody is saying that Apple will ever climb so high — here’s another stat to consider:
“If (Apple) was $203 today, (and worth) $1.2 trillion, it would be 7.2% of the S&P 500, which would be a modern-day record,” says Silverblatt. “So we might have to bring back, and change, an old saying to – ‘What’s good for Apple, is good for the USA, and most likely Chinese workers’.”
The current record for a big company swelling to such a large percentage of the overall S&P 500 was computer giant IBM, which in its heyday grew to 6.37% of the large-company index.
 

Jack Bogle: Terrible time for saversjack bogle: terrible time for savers
Letters: Develop in India  for IndiaLetters: Develop in India  for India
Mawana Sugars  Modi Sugar may not be able to clear cane duesMawana Sugars  Modi Sugar may not be able to clear cane dues
Andhra gears up for cyclone threat; NDRF teams arriveOct 09, 2014 at 07:57pm IST
Andhra gears up for cyclone threat; NDRF teams arrive
20
0
Hyderabad: Disaster response teams have started arriving in Andhra Pradesh, while Army and Air Force also have offered help as the state gets ready to meet the threat of cyclone 'Hudhud' in coastal districts where an alert has been sounded.
Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu said the Centre is sending four teams of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF).
Two of them have already arrived. Army and Air Force, too, have come forward to help the State, he said.
Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu said the Centre is sending four teams of National Disaster Response Force.
#cyclone #hud hud #ndrf #indian army
As reports came in that the cyclone would cross north Andhra Pradesh coast around Visakhapatnam by the forenoon of October 12, Naidu directed officials in coastal districts to be on standby for launching rescue and relief operations.
In a video-conference with officials, he reviewed the State's preparedness in disaster management, and asked Collectors of coastal districts to take steps to prevent loss of life and ensure damage to property, if any, is minimal.
He asked Collectors and officials concerned to set up relief camps and evacuate people from areas facing cyclone threat, and also stock up essential commodities.
Naidu advised officials to ensure that health camps have continuous power supply and are kept hygienic. The Chief Minister also directed officials to ensure that fishermen do not venture into the seas.
Meanwhile, mobile service providers BSNL and Airtel are regularly sending updates to people about cyclone threat. Besides officials have been told to give alerts about 'Hudhud' through All India Radio.
Chief Secretary I Y R Krishna Rao said leaves of State Government employees were being cancelled as they are expected to take part in relief measures.
Senior IAS officer Arvind Kumar has been sent to Visakhapatnam to coordinate with NDRF's operations and monitor rescue and relief efforts.
Another senior bureaucrat A R Sukumar has been asked to supervise the operations from Hyderabad.
Meanwhile, the Chief Minister put off his scheduled visit to Srikakulam district tomorrow. He was supposed to take part in a welfare programme.
In north coastal districts of Visakhapatnam and Srikakulam, where the impact of the cyclone could be more, Ministers K Atchhan Naidu and Ganta Srinivasa Rao are reviewing the situation.
173

Poland to honour Wikipedia with monumentOct 09, 2014 at 08:16pm IST
Poland to honour Wikipedia with monument
18
0
Warsaw: A university professor says that an eastern Polish town is taking up his suggestion and will put up a monument to honor the authors of Wikipedia, the Internet encyclopedia which allows anyone to contribute.
Krzysztof Wojciechowski, director of the Collegium Polonicum in Slubice, on Thursday said that he is in awe of the huge and reliable job done by the Wikipedia, vastly popular in Poland.
More than 1 million entries in Wikipedia are in Polish, rivaling the number in French or Spanish.
More than 1 million entries in Wikipedia are in Polish, rivaling the number in French or Spanish.
#poland #wikipedia #online encyclopedia #honour
"I'm ready to drop to my knees before the Wikipedia, that's why I thought of a monument where I could do it," Wojciechowski told The Associated Press.
The USD 14,000 fiber and resin statue is funded by Slubice authorities and will be unveiled on October 22.
0

Hewlett-Packard to split into twoSave this video
Copy URL
Silicon Valley stalwart Hewlett-Packard Co, which has struggled to adapt to the new era of mobile and online computing, plans to split into two companies as it looks to put more focus on the faster-growing corporate services market, according to a Wall Street Journal report.
101

A 360-Degree Forecast of the Indian Economy by Dr Prannoy RoyYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
A 360-Degree Forecast of the Indian Economy by Dr Prannoy Roy
Published On:                  October  7, 2014                 | Duration: 1 hr, 5 min, 36 sec
Tweet
Dr Prannoy Roy and his panelists made hard forecasts for growth, prices, the stock market. Is there another crash coming? Where should you invest your savings? All that and more with Dr Roy and his guests - Deepak Parekh, Chairman of HDFC; Sunil Mittal, Chairman Bharti Airtel; and Anil Agarwal, Chairman of Vedanta. On the show, Dr Roy and his guests also came up with 9 policy recommendations for the Prime Minister. What are the three things that the PM and this government should do immediately for the economy? Post your recommendations here.

Bullish on Infra  E-commerce Sectors: S NarenYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Bullish on Infra, E-commerce Sectors: S Naren
Published On:                  October  8, 2014                 | Duration: 25 min, 39 sec

Bullish on Karur Vysya Bank: G ChokkalingamYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Bullish on Karur Vysya Bank: G Chokkalingam
Published On:                  October  8, 2014                 | Duration: 17 min, 37 sec

Swisscom: keep on hold© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f6bbd382-4edb-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Euroglut of gloom as Germany weakens‘Euroglut’ of gloom as Germany weakens
By Ralph Atkins in London
Concern that eurozone could become a destabilising global force
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e1ea6072-4ef4-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hire Tata Nano car for self drive at just Rs 399 per dayHire Tata Nano car for self drive at just Rs 399 per day
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 15:34 IST
Photo: Reuters
Car rental firm Carzonrent and Tata Motors have inked a pact to launch an initiative in the Delhi/NCR region, under which customers would be able to hire a Tata Nano car for self drive at just Rs 399 per day.
As part of the 'Myles City Drive' initiative, Tata Motors would supply 200 Tata Nano Twist cars to Carzonrent fleet for self-drive service in the Delhi/NCR region.
"This association with Tata Motors is a step forward on Carzonrent's endeavour to build long term partnerships with auto manufacturers to develop a dynamic ground mobility landscape in India," Carzonrent Managing Director and CEO Rajiv Vij told reporters in New Delhi.
Under the initiative, Delhi based Carzonrent would also offer the Nano cars to customers on a hourly basis at Rs 99 and also for a whole month at a rent of Rs 6,999.
Customers would also be able to book the car online as well as rent directly from the company's 43 operational centres across the Delhi/NCR region.
Vij said the Myles City-Drive with Nano Twist is aimed at empowering customers and to enjoy everyday life a little more.
Commenting on the initiative, Tata Motors Head Institutional Sales Deepankar Tiwari said: "Through this partnership we will reach out to a larger customer base and give them an opportunity to experience the Nano in a self drive avatar."
Carzonrent, which started Myles (self drive) initiative last year, currently has a fleet of around 600 vehicles under the vertical.
"We started this initiative last year with a fleet of 14 cars. Now the self drive vertical has 600 cars and we expect it to touch 5,000 units by 2016," Vij said.
The company currently offers various cars ranging from Mahindra e20 to Mercedes-Benz under the self drive initiative across 16 cities in the country.
Elaborating on the 'Myles City Drive', Vij said the company would first begin with Delhi/NCR and later expand to other parts of the country.

Lower for longer Fed boosts bonds© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bb22670-4f62-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bat discarded  Sachin Tendulkar picks up broom  joins Narendra Modi campaignE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US Jobless Claims Fall  Point to Labour Market StrengthYou are here: Home Economy
US Jobless Claims Fall, Point to Labour Market Strength
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 19:18 (IST)
FDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Washington: The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits fell last week to nearly its lowest level since before the 2007-09 recession, a sign of growing steam in the US labour market.
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits dropped 1,000 to a seasonally adjusted 287,000 in the week ended October 4, the Labor Department said on Thursday.
The data adds to the view that some strength is building in the US economy.
"The labour market is entering into a potential boom," said Joseph LaVorgna, chief US economist at Deutsche Bank in New York.
Still, Federal Reserve officials remain concerned about persistently low rates of inflation and are not seen in a rush to hike interest rates.
Claims for the prior week were revised to show 1,000 more applications received than previously reported.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast claims rising to 294,000 last week.
Jobless claims have fallen steadily since the nation emerged from the recession and are currently lower than they were before the country's economic crisis began. Indeed, the level of claims last week was just 8,000 above a 14-year low reached in July.
The four-week moving average of claims, considered a better measure of labor market trends as it irons out week-to-week volatility, fell 7,250 to 287,750, its lowest level since 2006.
Prices for US government debt held on to modest gains following the publication of the data. On Wednesday, prices had risen after minutes from the Fed's last policy meeting showed policymakers were concerned by a strong dollar and a global economic slowdown, which led investors to bet the Fed would delay interest rate hikes. US stock index futures were little changed after Thursday's data was released.
The Labor Department said there were no special factors influencing the state level claims data.
The report showed the number of people still receiving benefits after an initial week of aid dropped 21,000 to 2.38 million in the week ended September 27.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Mahindra Lifespace unveils affordable housing project in MumbaiMahindra Lifespace unveils affordable housing project in Mumbai
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
Mahindra Lifespace Developers, the real estate arm of Mahindra Group, today launched its second affordable housing project under its ‘Happinest’ vertical at Boisar near here.
“Our intent is to provide good quality housing at affordable rates. We have decided to undertake two pilot projects — one in Chennai, which we have already launched in August and the second one is in Boisar (in Maharashtra),” company’s Managing Director and CEO Anita Arjundas told reporters here.
The company, this year in June, had launched a new business vertical called ‘Happinest’, focused on developing affordable housing projects.
Spread across over 14 acres, the Boisar project offers 1RK, 1 and 2 BHK apartments in the range of 351 sqft to 695 sqft and would have a total of 1,400 units.
The apartments will be priced between Rs 9.1 lakh to Rs 17.5 lakh.
In the first phase, where construction will commence from next week and is scheduled to be completed in a year, the company will build nearly 359 units.
When asked whether the company is looking at other locations to launch similar projects, Arjundas said, “There is a huge demand for affordable housing. We are evaluating opportunities and we may come up with such projects in Maharashtra itself considering the increasing demand for affordable housing and development of infrastructure and industries in the state.”
The company expects the business to contribute nearly 20—25 per cent of its revenues in the next few years.
‘Happinest’ endeavours to meet the housing needs of families with current combined monthly income of Rs 20,000 to Rs 40,000, Arjundas said.
The company has tied up with credit scoring agencies like Inventure and micro home finance companies like Mahindra Finance and Muthoot to reach out to right customers.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

CignaTTK Health forms distribution tie-up with Aditya Birla MoneyCignaTTK Health forms distributi on tie-up with Aditya Birla Money
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
CignaTTK Health Insurance today announced a distribution tie-up with Aditya Birla Money Insurance Advisory Services Ltd, wholly owned subsidiary of Aditya Birla Money Mart Ltd, part of the Aditya Birla Group.
The two entities have got into a corporate agency partnership to provide comprehensive health insurance solution to consumers, said the company in a release issued today.
Sandeep Patel, Managing Director and CEO, CignaTTK Health Insurance Company Limited said, “We would leverage Aditya Birla Money’s pan India presence to reach out to larger customer base”.
CignaTTK, will offer ProHealth, its flagship health insurance product to its customers.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

India issues guidelines for a hassle-free li...Anand Bardhan
(India has issued a list of…)
DUBAI: India has issued a list of do's and don'ts to its nationals in the UAE for a hassle-free living in the Gulf nation which includes everything from general conduct to advising expatriates to dress "conservatively" in public.
"The list includes a range of issues from accommodation and driving to employment besides saying expatriates can wear Indian or western clothes "but conservatively", roads must be crossed only through zebra crossings and etc," Anand Bardhan , Counsellor (Community Affairs), Indian Embassy in Abu Dhabi told PTI today.
The 34-page booklet "Guidelines for Indians" prepared by the Embassy would soon be uploaded on its website.
It also spells out the services offered by the mission, the Indian Government's welfare schemes and key contact numbers within the United Arab Emirates .
The booklet's employment section describes employment contract and specifies leave entitlements to sponsorships and how one can get labour disputes resolved.
Besides, the check-list on accommodation advises expatriates to ensure they rent it "preferably from owner directly"; look for "24-hour security and availability of proper supply of water and electricity, preferably in pest-free buildings".
Tips like "onus on payment of air-conditioning fee must be clarified" are also included in the booklet.
Driving guidelines warn against throwing trash out of the car, hand gestures and taking to the roads under the influence of alcohol as it can lead to imprisonment and deportation.
Indian expatriate community is reportedly the largest ethnic community in UAE constituting roughly about 30 per cent of the country's population over nine million. Among the Indian States, Kerala is the most represented followed by Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh, according to Indian Embassy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Poor nations more optimistic than EuropeAmerica more pessimistic than poor nations
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 October 9, 2014: 11:04 AM ET
Eighty-five percent of people in China believe children will be better off financially than their parents, according to a new Pew survey.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Optimism about the future may be declining in the U.S., but it's alive and kicking in many poorer countries.
Residents of emerging and developing countries -- many of which have rapidly growing economies -- believe children in their nations will enjoy brighter financial prospects than their parents, according to a report released on Thursday by the Pew Research Center.
It's the exact opposite for people who live in richer countries, many of which are still mending their wounds from the financial crisis.
For example, just 13% of respondents in struggling France told Pew they are optimistic about the next generation's prospects. Compare that with fast-growing Vietnam, where a whopping 94% of respondents are bullish about the future.
The only other countries where at least seven in ten respondents were optimistic are China, Chile, Brazil and Bangladesh.
"As they continue to struggle with the aftereffects of the Great Recession, publics in advanced economies are pessimistic about the financial prospects of the next generation," Pew researchers wrote in the report.
Related: Why you don't feel recovered
Americans are growing more pessimistic: Sluggish economic growth in richer countries like the U.S., Japan and many European nations has given citizens little reason to believe the future will be brighter.
The Pew survey of more than 48,000 people in 44 countries shows that just 28% of advanced economy respondents believe their children will be better off. A whopping 65% say their kids and grandkids will be worse off.
Even though the American economy is improving, the dark clouds of the Great Recession still linger. Just 30% of U.S. respondents were optimistic about the future.
So far, the Pew survey appears to be a lagging indicator of economic growth, rather than a predicative one.
"People are responding to the growth they've experienced recently," said Katie Simmons, a senior researcher at Pew who co-wrote the report.
Keys to success: Alongside optimism, Pew surveyed people's attitudes about what it takes to get ahead in life.
Americans are notorious for their work ethic and sure enough 73% responded that working hard is "very important" to success in life. That's more than any other country in the Pew survey.
Interactive: From Brazil to Uganda - What it takes to get ahead
Just 25% of people in France said working hard was very important and only 18% of those in China said the same.
Education is viewed as the most important key to getting ahead around the world. As many as 78% of those in Nicaragua and 86% in Venezuela believe education is essential.
Some people also believe luck plays a big role, though it's not seen as the top factor. Seventy-five percent of global respondents ranked luck a seven or higher on a scale of 1-10 in terms of importance.
Inequality vs. free markets: Not surprisingly, inequality is worrying people around the world. However, it's only ranked as the biggest economic problem in four of the 44 countries surveyed.
Related: Thomas Piketty on inequality
Citizens of advanced economies are more likely to lose sleep over public debt and high unemployment, Pew said. People in emerging markets and developing nations are more concerned about inflation and jobs.
Worries about inequality and other issues have helped lower support for the free markets in a few countries since 2007. The countries that have most soured on capitalism in the Pew survey are Spain (-22%) and Italy (-16%).
Still, most people don't want to ditch the free-market system. A global median of 66% believe most people are better off under capitalism.
Interestingly, 70% of Americans support the free markets, but that's actually below China (76%), Bangladesh (80%) and Vietnam (95%).
First Published: October 9, 2014: 9:57 AM ET
Most Popular

As Spanish Ebola patients health deteriorates  two doctors who treated her are under observationBy Abby Ohlheiser and Abby Phillip October 9 Follow @abbyohlheiser Follow @abbydphillip
Spanish Ebola patient Teresa Romero sensed something was wrong when doctors stopped entering her hospital room and says she learned of her diagnosis in a media report. (Reuters)
The health of Ebola-stricken Spanish nurse Teresa Romero Ramos worsened on Thursday, and two doctors who treated her were admitted to a hospital for observation.
"Her clinical situation has deteriorated but I can't give any more information due to the express wishes of the patient," said Yolanda Fuentes of the Carlos III Hospital in Madrid, according to Reuters .
The BBC reported that Ramos "was being helped with her breathing in hospital."
Ramos, who became the first case of Ebola transmission outside of Africa, has been hospitalized since Sunday. Tests confirmed Monday that the sanitary technician had contracted Ebola, but Ramos said she only learned of her diagnosis from a media report -- though she sensed something was wrong when doctors stopped entering her hospital room.
Personal protective equipment and strict disinfection procedures offer critical protection.
It remains unclear exactly how she became infected while treating a priest who had contracted the virus in West Africa, though Ramos acknowledged this week that she may have made a mistake when removing her protective suit.
One of the doctors who treated her, Juan Manuel Parra, said in a statement posted to the El Pais Web site that the sleeves on the protective suit he wore while working with Ramos were too short.
According to the statement, Parra said he entered her room more than 12 times.
Parra treated Ramos at the Alcorcon hospital, near where the nurse lives in Madrid. She was later transferred to the Carlos III facility where she worked -- the same hospital that treated two missionaries who were repatriated after becoming infected in Africa.
Like Ramos herself, Parra said in his statement that he found out "from the media" that the patient had tested positive.
On Wednesday, Ramos told a Spanish newspaper that "the error was the removal of the suit," referring to the protective equipment health-care workers wear while treating Ebola patients. Earlier, she had said that she had "no idea" how she contracted the deadly virus.
An ambulance carrying the Ebola-stricken nurse arrives at Carlos III Hospital. (Reuters TV)
Ramos became infected while treating Manuel Garcia Viejo, a priest who contracted Ebola in West Africa. She entered Viejo's room only twice, once to change his diaper, and a second time to remove his belongings after he died on Sept. 25.
Ramos began experiencing Ebola-like symptoms on Sept. 29, but was not admitted to a hospital under isolation until October 6, according to the World Health Organization's Thursday statement on the case.
The WHO added that " the healthcare worker was considered a low risk contact and monitored accordingly" before she became symptomatic. Spanish health officials "are conducting an investigation to elucidate the mode of transmission," the WHO said.
Ebola spreads from person to person through direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person.
German Ramirez, a doctor in the Carlos III Hospital's tropical diseases division, told reporters Wednesday that the nurse "has told us of the possibility that her suit had contact with her face. ... It could have been an accident. It looks like it was the gloves."
In addition to Ramos and the two doctors who treated her, several other people are under observation in Spain, including her husband, Javier Limón.
One Spanish man who had recently traveled to Nigeria and a nursing aide both tested negative for the virus. A third nursing aide and a nurse were hospitalized with slight fevers on Tuesday night,  according to the Wall Street Journal .
Roberto Ferdman contributed reporting. 
[This post has been updated]
The staff treating a nurse who contracted the Ebola virus in Spain are criticizing hospital superiors for allegedly violating procedures put in place to prevent the spread of the disease. (AP)

Abby Ohlheiser and Abby Phillipabby ohlheiser and abby phillip
Gold rallies as US rate talk hits dollarGold rallies as US rate talk hits dollar
By Thomas Hale in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12abfc26-4fa8-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Global PC sales dips marginally in Q3: GartnerDell
(Decline in sales in emerging…)
NEW DELHI: Decline in sales in emerging markets pulled down global PC shipments marginally to 79.4 million units in the third quarter of 2014, research firm Gartner said today.
The shipment declined 0.5 per cent from 79.79 million units in the July-September 2013 quarter, according to preliminary results by Gartner.
"Growth in the mature markets was offset by a decline in shipments in emerging markets, similar to what was seen in the second quarter of 2014. Positive results in Western Europe and North America can be a sign of gradual recovery for the PC industry," Gartner Principal Analyst Mikako Kitagawa said.
Lenovo led the market with 19.8 per cent share, followed by HP (17.9 per cent), Dell (12.8 per cent) and Acer (8.6 per cent).
"Consumers' attention is slowly going back to PC purchases as tablet adoption peaked with mainstream consumers. The transition from PCs to tablets has faded as tablet penetration has reached the 40-50 per cent range," Kitagawa said.
In contrast, weakness in the emerging market reflects the saturation in selected consumer segments where they can afford PCs.
"In the meantime, consumers who don't have PCs will likely buy low priced tablet. This is a one of the major reasons for the slow growth in PC shipments in the emerging market," Kitagawa said.
In the US market, PC shipments totalled 16.6 million units in the third quarter of 2014, a 4.2 per cent increase from the same period last year. This was the third quarter in a row with positive shipment growth.
PC shipments in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) totalled 24 million units in the third quarter of 2014, a 9.1 per cent increase from the same period last year. After two years of declining quarterly market share, the EMEA PC market has recorded growth every quarter since the start of 2014.
In Asia Pacific, PC shipments surpassed 26.2 million units in the third quarter of 2014, a 5.3 per cent decline from the third quarter of 2013.
The market remained challenging, especially in China where the PC purchasing appetite has slowed due to more pragmatic consumer and government IT spending, Gartner said.
Business desk-based PC demand has been steady, suggesting a continuing replacement cycle due to the end of Windows XP support, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ahmedabad to get intelligent traffic systemYou are here: Home > Collections
Ahmedabad to get India's first intelligent traffic system
Vishal Dutta, ET Bureau Oct 9, 2014, 08.28PM IST
Tags:
Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation
(The pilot project was launched…)
AHMEDABAD: Zero-Sum Ltd. a Japanese firm with expertise in ITS (Intelligent Traffic System) along with Ahemdabad Municipal Corporation launches its pilot project on real-time traffic information in the city of Ahmedabad, the first ITS Solution with integrated ad system in India. The result of this initiative is the out come of the Narendra Modi's past visit to Japan as Gujarat's Chief Minister where he had met JICA (Japan International Cooperation Agency) officials. Zero-Sum Ltd plans to replicate its traffic system for all its future implementations in India.
The pilot is deployed on a 10 km road stretch which starts from APMC Market,going up to IIM Ahemdabad cross road. Nagoya Electirc Works Co., Ltd., Japans oldest ITS equipment & technology company has partnered with Zero-Sum Ltd. Japan for the implementation.
"The pilot is being implemented at cost of $ 1 million under ODA assistance from JICA (Japan International Cooperation Agency), this is outcome of Narendra Modi's Japan visit during his Gujarat's CM tenure, said Mr B Mallesh, Director of Zero-Sum Wireless Solutions India Pvt Ltd. According to the officials, it would handover the operation and control to Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation by March 2015.
The pilot on the over 10km stretch, will use fourteen camera based traffic sensors and four VMS (Variable Message Sign) boards to gather, infer and disseminate real-time traffic information to commuters using that stretch. The four VMS boards are being installed on the 132 feet ring road (10 km) in the western part of the city starting from APMC Market to IIM cross road.
Zero-Sum's ITS solution will have camera based traffic sensors which are installed at the sides of the road counting the number of vehicles, speed of each vehicle and the road space occupied by each moving vehicle. The real time information is processed over a cloud based control center and disseminated to VMS information boards with a provision for dissemination of this information to mobile phones as well in the future. The information can also be accessed by the traffic police through tablet computing devices from anywhere in the city, with a provision to add any information they feel could be of relevance to the road user. Zero-Sum is using end-to-end cloud based technology solution.
"No prior information is being provided to the commuters to avoid getting into the traffic. A lot of non productive time is wasted on the city roads due to traffic congestion also leading to loss of revenue for the city," Chikara Kikuchi -President-Zero-Sum Ltd. "Our Solution will help the commuters get real time traffic updates and to choose the next quickest way to go. We are committed to improving the traffic conditions in India and we have formed a joint venture with Nagoya Electric Works Co., Ltd of Japan to incorporate a new company, Zero-Sum ITS Solutions India Pvt Ltd for all our future implementations in India, he added.
  Mr. Siddharth Khatri, Deputy Municipal Commissioner, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation said, " Ahmedabad is proud to be the first city in the country to get this kind of a unique ITS solution with an integrated ad system. It's a big relief to the commuters as they can get real time traffic updates through this initiative by Zero-Sum."
The technology from Zero-Sum will support in managing traffic to a great extent and will make daily commuter's travel life easier. The commuters will be able to utilize their day in a productive manner as they will save the time which was wasted in traffic. The entire ITS solution is fully automated with a provision for manual control of what needs to be displayed on the VMS given to the Traffic Police. This manual control will happen through tablet computing devices and can take place remotely from anywhere in the city.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ex-Finmeccanica chiefs convicted by courtFormer Finmeccanica executives convicted of falsifying invoices
By James Politi in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b4a1b7a4-4fb3-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Samsung India CFO to quitSamsung India CFO to quit
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, October 9:  
Samsung India today said its Chief Finance Officer Sunil Goel has decided to leave the company after serving 17 years. Goel, one of the first few employees of Samsung in India has voluntarily decided to move, Samsung said in a statement. The company is in process of finding a replacement for Goel, he said.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Odisha seeks JUSCO s expertise to develop Kalingagar hubOdisha seeks JUSCO's expertise to develop Kalingagar hub
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Oct 09, 2014 08:19 PM IST
The state government has sought the expertise of Tata Group firm Jamshedpur Utility & Services Company (JUSCO) to strengthen the operations of Jajpur Cluster Development Ltd (JCDL).
JCDL is a joint venture between Kalinganagar Industries Association (KIA), an association of industries operating in the Kalinganagar industrial complex and the state’s nodal agency for land acquisition and industrial infrastructure development, Odisha Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd (Idco). While KIA holds 51 per cent equity in JCDL, the balance 49 per cent stake is of Idco.
With Kalinganagar touted as the steel hub likely to witness enhanced industrial activity in the near future, it is imperative for JUSCO to play a major role in the overall development and management of the industrial area.
“You had deputed a team led by Ashish Mathur, chief executive officer (CEO), JUSCO for discussions regarding putting in place a JSUCO like mechanism in Jajpur through JCDL. I would therefore request you to consider deputing a team of 3-4 professionals from JUSCO to JCDL for a period of two years to strengthen and streamline the operations of JCDL,” Idco’s chairman cum managing director Vishal Dev said in a letter to T V Narendran, managing director of Tata Steel.
JUSCO is also likely to foray into Odisha to implement three urban infrastructure projects in the pilgrimage town of Puri- renovation of waste water treatment plant at Banki Muhan, installation of an effluent treatment plant at Pejanala and municipal solid waste treatment project at Grand Road, Puri.
JUSCO’s entry into the urban infrastructure realm in Puri is set to give a facelift to the holy town thronged by tourists. Management of solid waste and effluents is a major challenge for Puri.
The core competency of JUSCO, a comprehensive urban infrastructure services provider, is creation and subsequent operation and maintenance of urban infrastructure and services. One of its areas of business is integrated township management that aims at providing civic and municipal services in an integrated manner in a full-fledged municipal area.

Indian pharma cos should tap LatAm mkts: Bar...Barclays
(The LatAm market, estimated…)
MUMBAI: Indian pharmaceutical companies need to focus on the Latin American markets namely Brazil and Mexico, British brokerage firm Barclays has said.
The LatAm market, estimated at USD 60 billion with 7 per cent share of international pharma market, will be one of the engines of global growth in the sector for the foreseeable future. Indian pharma may need to revisit the conventional wisdom of Brazil being more attractive and focus on Mexico for better returns and expansion, Barclays said in a report.
The Indian pharma needs to focus more on Mexico. Brazil, which has $16 billion share and Mexico $12 billion, constitute the largest pharma markets in LatAm.
Research firm IMS has forecasts a growth rate of 14-16 per cent for next few years for both markets. Being close in characteristics with Indian market, these markets could be bigger in potential than what current revenues show, it said.
"However, we conclude that the returns on efforts to grow in Mexico could be higher, factoring in a proactive regulatory agency with easing policy. Both markets are dominated by regional and family-led firms that could also pave the way for a wave of consolidation, allowing for easier entry for Indian pharma companies.
"We believe LatAm, with average growth rates of 14-15 per cent, should occupy greater mindshare as branded dynamics of the market is similar to the Indian market. We believe there is significant potential to replicate the success of the branded generics market in LatAm too," Barclays said.
Additional opportunities that could crop up are likely to be the manufacturing partnerships in which smaller local firms may need the tech know-how or capabilities of international generic firms.
In our view, the US/EU and Indian generic firms stand to gain by leveraging relationships with existing players that have established brands known to consumers, in some cases for decades, the brokerage said.
"We have identified that average realisations (USD/Rx) have increased for generic firms steadily over the last few years. Our analysis shows while key Indian firms have posted a 5-year CAGR of 6 per cent along with the last 2 year CAGR of 11 per cent, the trend is applicable for US-based generic manufactures as well.
"Key US firms have shown an average CAGR of 9 per cent in the last 5 years along with an 8 per cent CAGR in the last 2 years."
The new launches are driving the price increase and future pipeline looks promising, the report added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Corporates commit over Rs 1 lakh cr investme...Corporates commit over Rs 1 lakh crore investment in Madhya Pradesh
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 08.29PM IST
Tags:
A M Naik
(While Ambani brothers pledged…)
INDORE: Corporate houses, from Reliance Group to Adani Group, committed investments of nearly Rs 1 lakh crore in Madhya Pradesh on the first day of the Global Investors Summit today which was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
While the Ambani brothers - Mukesh and Anil - pledged an investment of Rs 50,000 crore, Gautam Adani of Adani Group announced Rs 20,000 crore, followed by Suzlon's Tulsi Tanti Rs 15,000 crore.
Industrialists who announced their investment plans include Welspun's Sindoor Mittal (Rs 5,000 crore), Essar group's Shashi Ruia (Rs 4,000 crore) and Future Group's Kishore Biyani (Rs 2,000 crore) and Symbiosis open education society (Rs 200 crore).
Industry bigwigs include Tata Group's Cyrus Mistry , Aditya Birla Group's Kumar Mangalam Birla , ITC's Y C Deveshwar, Larsen & Toubro's A M Naik and Godrej Group's Adi Godrej attended the summit.
As many as 4,500 delegates, including prominent politicians, are attending the event.
Speaking at the summit, Reliance Industries CMD Mukesh Ambani said, "India is on a resurgent path of growth and Madhya Pradesh is already on the way... We are going to invest Rs 20,000 crore in the coming years in energy, retail business, entrepreneurship development and digital infrastructure sector".
Madhya Pradesh, he said, is going to have a world class digital infrastructure in the coming 18 months.
Tata Sons Chief Mistry did not mention any amount, but expressed the Group's commitment to expanding its footprint in the state.
Tata Consultancy Services , he added, would be building a new integrated campus here which will provide jobs to 10,000 professionals.
Gautam Adani, chairman Adani Group, promised to invest Rs 20,000 crore over five years in food processing and power sectors.
"Adani Group is already in Madhya Pradesh, we started from soya bean processing and now we are going to invest Rs 20,000 crore in the state in the coming five years," he added.
ADAG's Anil Ambani committed to invest an additional Rs 30,000 crore in infrastructure sector by 2020.
"We are going to double our investments in Madhya Pradesh and will be investing additional Rs 30,000 crore in coal, power, and cement and telecom sector up to 2020," he added.
Shashi Ruia, Chairman, Essar Group said it is already operating in power sector in the state. "We are going to get additional Rs 4,000 crore investment in the state," he added.
ITC Chairman Deveshwar said the company will establish a agri-product manufacturing and a eco-friendly paper plant in Madhya Pradesh. "ITC has identified Madhya Pradesh for its major investments in different sector," he said.
John Deere , a farm equipments manufacturer, is also looking for a long term partnership in the state.
John Stone , Global Director, John Deere, said: "This is our biggest tractor manufacturing facility in India and we are exporting tractors to 70 countries". The audience applauded his speech in Hindi.
Kishore Biyani, Group CEO, Future Group announced his intentions to make foray into the state.
"We have a plan to establish a mega food park, where 50-60 food processing units with investment of Rs 2,000 crore will be set up," Biyani said.
The world's fifth largest wind turbine supplier Suzlon Energy will invest close to Rs 15,000 crore in the next five years to set up power projects of 2,000 MW capacity in Madhya Pradesh.
Besides, Welspun Director Sindoor Mittal said her company will invest Rs 5,000 crore in renewable energy industry.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra polls: Congress takes jibe at Modi  says PM did nothing but foreign tours4
0
Mumbai: Senior Congress leader and former Union Minister Rajiv Shukla on Thursday accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of ignoring national security and focusing just on foreign tours and election campaigns in times of ceasefire violations by Pakistan.
Addressing a press conference, Shukla said Modi government's Pakistan policy was a failure.
"The India-Pakistan border is seeing the worst ceasefire violations since 1971. But, the Prime Minister is silent despite the fact that he was targeting his predecessor Manmohan Singh for being soft on Pakistan. Modi, infact, began his innings on the top post, with the blessings of Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif," Shukla charged.
Addressing a press conference, Shukla said Modi government's Pakistan policy was a failure.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra polls #narendra modi #rajiv shukla
When asked about Defence Minister Arun Jaitley's statement that India's response to Pakistan's aggression will be befitting, Shukla said mere talk will not do.
"Talk should be followed by action. Instead of focusing on foreign policy and formulating economic policies, Modi is canvassing for votes in Maharashtra and Haryana. In the last four months, Modi has ignored national security and has done nothing except going on foreign tours," he said.
Shukla described the political situation in Maharashtra as interesting due to the multi cornered nature of the contest.
In Maharashtra, Modi says he would make the state number one and repeats the same in Haryana. Only one state can be number one. He is the Prime Minister now and should think before making any comments for temporary gains," the Congress leader said.
He accused Modi of claiming credit for all projects initiated by the UPA government and inaugurated by him in the last four months.
Shukla also criticised the state BJP leaders for seeking votes in name of separate Vidarbha when the Prime Minister himself and the Union Law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad have said there is no proposal of statehood.
When asked about the support for Vidarbha from a section of the Congress, Shukla said everyone has the power to demand certain things, but whether to implement it or not depends on the government of the day. "Congress is for united Maharashtra," he said.
15

Maharashtra polls: BJP  Shiv Sena would not have split if Balasaheb was alive  says Rajnath Singh1
0
Mandrup: Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Thursday said that the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance would not have broken had Bal Thackeray been alive. "We have great respect for Bala Saheb Thackeray. If he were alive, the alliance between Sena-BJP would not have broken," he said.
Addressing a poll rally for the October 15 Assembly elections, Rajnath said Maharashtra needs 'maha-parivartan' (grand change), and sought people's support.
He also hit out at Congress, saying it is busy criticising the BJP government even though we have reduced the prices of petrol several times and kept inflation under check.
"Maharashtra needs 'maha-parivartan' and sought people's support," Rajnath Singh said while addressing an election rally.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #rajnath singh #bjp #shiv sena
Maharashta farmers are facing agrarian crisis and are in deep distress, and BJP, if voted to power in the state, would improve their economic conditions by opening agro-based industries at taluka level, he said.
"Congress is only busy in criticising us. When they were in power they did nothing. When UPA was in power, the prices of essential commodities increased manifold but we brought prices under check.
Prices of petrol have been reduced many times in the past 100 days but the Congress led UPA increased the prices on several occasions," he said.
3

Badaun killings case turns murkier  victims  families blame relative for false FIROct 09, 2014 at 08:57pm IST
Badaun killings case turns murkier, victims' families blame relative for false FIR
24
0
New Delhi: The Badaun alleged rape and murder case has become murkier with families of the two victims apparently telling the CBI that the police FIR was filed on the basis of wrong statements given by an uncle of the girls.
CBI, which began its investigation into the case after it became a political issue, found that Uttar Pradesh Police had not done due diligence before naming people as accused in the FIR, official sources said.
The FIR was filed on the sequence of events provided by Nazru, uncle of the two girls whose bodies were found hanging from a tree in Badaun in last week of May, the sources said.
The FIR was filed on the sequence of events provided by Nazru, uncle of the two girls whose bodies were found hanging from a tree in Badaun.
#badaun #fir #cbi #nazru
A polygraph test of families of the girls and Nazru were conducted by the CBI and it was found in the report that there were "inconsistencies in their statements" on key questions related to the case.
Finally, the family as well as Nazru told the CBI that the main accused Pappu, named in the Uttar Pradesh Police FIR, had not taken the two girls at gunpoint but rather fled when he was spotted with the girls by Nazru.
It was on the basis of Nazru's statement that the Uttar Pradesh Police had registered a case and arrested five people including two of its own constables. It was alleged that the two cousins were raped before being murdered.
The two girls, aged 14 and 15, went missing from their house on the night of May 27 and their bodies were found hanging from a tree in in Ushait area the next day.
According to the events now, Nazru found the girls with Pappu following which there was a scuffle between the two men. After this Pappu fled to his home, while the girls fled in another direction.
This has been corroborated by the field investigation by the CBI team as well, the sources said.
The next day, when the bodies were found hanging from a tree, Nazru claimed before the police that he had seen Pappu taking the away the girls at gun-point.
As the probe continues, Nazru's role has come under scanner as he is alleged to be lying consistently before CBI. During his lie detector test, Nazru had admitted he had a mobile phone. He had earlier denied possession of a phone.
The mobile phone was recovered from him and sent for forensic examination to ascertain whether any data had been deleted from the instrument, CBI said.
34

SC stay on hydro projects to continue till UoI complies orderOct 09, 2014 at 08:54pm IST
SC stay on hydro projects to continue till UoI complies order
7
0
New Delhi: Ticking off the Environment ministry for sleeping like 'Kumbhakarna', the Supreme Court on Thursday made it clear that it is not going to lift the stay for setting up of new hydroelectric power projects on Alaknanda and Bhagirath river basins in Uttarakhand unless the Centre comes out with a detailed environment and ecological impact report of each of the 24 ventures.
The court wanted to know why the ministry was not acting on its orders requiring placement before it of the report of the 13-member expert committee, which was asked to study environmental degradation caused by such projects.
"You (Ministry of Environment and Forests-MoEF) are behaving like a 'Kumbhakarna'. What is your intention. Why after so much time granted you have not submitted the report. We are not vacating the stay," a bench comprising Justices Dipak Mishra and RF Nariman observed.
The apex court by its August 13, 2013 verdict, had expressed concern over the climate tragedy in Uttarakhand that year and prohibited setting up of any new hydroelectric power project in the state till further orders.
#supreme court #environment ministry #uoi #ntpc
The apex court by its August 13, 2013 verdict, had expressed concern over the climate tragedy in Uttarakhand that year and prohibited setting up of any new hydroelectric power project in the state till further orders. The bench was also anguished that despite its another order passed a year after on August 12, 2014, the MoEF has not filed the report.
It noted that the order had specifically stated that "This Court expects that the concerned Ministry shall furnish a report qua each project so that the report can be appreciated from proper prospective".
The bench also addressed the controversy relating to the 'design' of the barrage on the Alaknanda and Bhagirath river basins and asked various stake holders like power PSUs -- National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC), National Hydroelectric Power Corporation (NHPC) and Tehri Hydro Development Coporation (THDC) and representatives of NGOs to hold preliminary meeting with MoEF on October 15.
Like the two members of PSUs, it also allowed two representatives of state government and an activist Bharat Jhunjhunwala to participate in the meeting and the report on the design of the barrage based in terms of Ganga basin study by IIT Consortium, will be placed before the 13-member committee on October 29 and the matter will be taken up for further hearing on November 5.
1

Letters: A fair e-commerce gameLetters: A fair e-commerce game
Friend request hand-deliveredFriend request hand-delivered
RSP crude steel output up 23%RSP crude steel output up 23%
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Oct 09, 2014 08:17 PM IST
Crude steel output at Rourkela Steel Plant (RSP), a unit of Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL), went up by more than 23 per cent during April-September period of 2014-15 to 1.35 million tonne (mt), its best ever performance since the inception of the plant.
During the same period, hot metal production surged 27.4 per cent to 1.5 mt while salable steel output was 1.28 mt, a rise of 18.3 per cent.
"Besides, the highest ever production performance was also recorded in many other important areas like sinter production (227,6531 tonne) and hot rolled coil output (832,330 tonne)," said RSP in a release.
Among flat steel, the steel plant also made 231,669 tonne of steel plates, registering growth of 2.8 per cent, 128,412 tonne of hot rolled plates (8.8 per cent), 73,798 tonne of cold rolled sheets (39.7 per cent), 18,437 tonne of pipes (12.6 per cent) and 36,407 tonne of fully processed cold rolled steel, a rise of 1.6 per cent over the corresponding period of last fiscal. The plant also performed remarkably in energy consumption parameters.
With specific energy consumption of 6.583 giga calorie per tonne of crude steel and coke rate of 518 kg per tonne of hot metal, the steel unit clocked its best ever performance for any April-September in a fiscal, said a release by RSP.

Bandhan Bank may begin ops by early 2015Bandhan Bank may begin operations by early 2015
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 9, 2014  | 21:55 IST
Microlender Bandhan Financial Services plans to launch its full-fledged bank by early 2015 with 600 branches, its technology partner Fidelity Information Services (FIS) said on Thursday.
"The proposed Bandhan Bank plans to begin operations in early 2015 with about 600 branches and about 10 million customers," global banking and payments technology solutions provider FIS said in a statement, adding that Bandhan has outsourced all technology operations for its banking operation to FIS.
FIS would provide a fully integrated banking and payments solution platform to allow Bandhan to offer services to the underprivileged people in the rural areas and also for those residing in the urban areas, it said in a statement.
Kolkata-based Bandhan microfinance institution Bandhan and city-based infrastructure lender Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) were among the two dozen entities awarded "in-principle" permissions to start full fledged banks by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in in April.
They have 18 months time to comply with mandatory requirements, and the licence is valid for that time.
The RBI said that the objective giving newer players banking licenses is to deepen the process of financial inclusion because only 35 per cent of Indians over the age of 15 years have bank accounts at present.
"We have a two-pronged strategy to reach customers in both urban and rural areas," Bandhan Chairman and Managing Director Chandra Shekhar Ghosh, who has also been quoted in the statement, said.
He added it needed an infotech partner to provide "scalable, agile and cost-effective platforms" to reach its target group quickly and efficiently.
The statement said FIS would provide and manage a fully integrated banking and payments platform in the outsourced delivery model, encompassing core banking, channel solutions, treasury, trade finance and payments services that include switching, debit card management and interbank network connectivity.
The statement said that Bandhan, which was started in 2001 and has more than $1 billion in assets serving 5.8 million customers across 22 states, is the one of the biggest microlenders in the country.
The proposed Bandhan Bank plans to "continue microlending but is also expected to offer differentiated banking products to untapped market segments in vast rural and unbanked areas," the statement said.
For the needs of affluent clients, Bandhan would offer premium services in urban and metro areas with "new services experiences," the statement said.

http://usat.ly/1skG3n2Ebola play Lakeland Industries surges 53%
By: Gary Strauss October 9, 2014 11:20 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
The $1,000 Lakeland Interceptor protection suit.
Herd mentality has long ruled Wall Street in the hunt for big, fast returns.
Tech. Biotech. Solar. Pot. You name it, traders try to exploit it.
But the microcap sector has been especially volatile of late, with niche sectors such as alternative energy suppliers (Plug Power, PLUG anyone?) and post-Ferguson security stocks (Digital DGLY Ally,  Taser TASR ) experiencing the kind of irrational exuberance – and volatility – that still keeps  former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan up at night.
The latest scramble for riches has centered on Ebola, and nowhere is the investment light brighter these days than Lakeland   LAKE Industries – which has risen sharply on potential demand for its protective suits  as the deadly virus expands its reach from West Africa.
Lakeland shares surged 53% to $17.72 Thursday and are now up nearly 275% from 52-week lows.
The Ronkonkoma, N.Y., based firm has boosted manufacturing of its industrial protective gear and earlier vowed  “to join the fight against the spread of Ebola.”
While CEO Christopher Ryan has said the company anticipates on increased global demand, the 28-year-old company remains a small fry. Fiscal 2014 sales actually fell 4% to $91.4 million.  Moreover, fiscal 2015 second-quarter sales were essentially flat at $24.6 million, and Lakeland reported a $400,000 net loss, vs. a $4.1 million profit in the year-ago quarter.
Follow story stocks on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

http://usat.ly/1tFPN7xFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Twitter news chief Vivian Schiller out in shake-up
Adam Sharp, a former C-Span executive, is now in charge of news and government at Twitter under the media division's new chief Katie Jacobs Stanton.
Post to Facebook
Twitter news chief Vivian Schiller out in shake-up Adam Sharp, a former C-Span executive, is now in charge of news and government at Twitter under the media division's new chief Katie Jacobs Stanton. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1xtuLNk
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Twitter news chief Vivian Schiller out in shake-up
Jessica Guynn , USATODAY 1:55 p.m. EDT October 9, 2014
The logo of the social networking website Twitter displayed on a computer screen in London.
(Photo: Leon Neal, AFP/Getty Images)
22 CONNECT 57 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — Veteran news executive Vivian Schiller is leaving Twitter a year after joining the company to strengthen its ties to news organizations, part of an ongoing shake-up at the company.
Adam Sharp, a former C-Span executive, is now in charge of news and government at Twitter under the media division's new chief Katie Jacobs Stanton.
That was a role he held until Schiller, a former NPR executive, joined Twitter.
As head of the government wing at Twitter, Sharp has helped politicians figure out how to use Twitter more effectively.
Vivian Schiller, NBC's chief digital officer and former CEO of NPR, is joining Twitter.
(Photo: NBC)
Schiller was recruited by Chloe Sladden and Twitter's former chief operating officer Ali Rowghani, both of whom left Twitter in June as Twitter CEO Dick Costolo makes broad changes to the company.

Stocks Spiral Lower; Dow Drops Over 200 Pointsstocks spiral lower; dow drops over 200 points
Why the market s getting Apple wrongwhy the market s getting apple wrong
Stocks spiral lower  Dow tumbles 300 pointsThursday,  9 Oct 2014 |  4:09  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Correction watch: Is this the big one?
CNBC asks activist investor Carl Icahn and CNBC contributor Michael Farr whether Thursday's big stock market losses mean the big correction has finally arrived. The "Fast Money" traders weigh in.
U.S. stocks sank on Thursday, erasing all and more of the previous day's rally, as investors bypassed U.S. corporate earnings and economic reports to focus on global concerns, including Europe's softening economy.
"We've added global growth concerns on top of other headline risks, (such as) air strikes, Ebola," said Sean McCarthy, regional chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Private Bank.
Ahead of Wall Street's start, data showed a 5.8 percent drop in German exports in August, adding to downbeat numbers that had German industrial orders and output falling as well.
"Europe's growth is weak, and close to going into recessionary like conditions; everyone is waiting for the bazooka to be fired," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott.
Stocks furthered their losses after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said there are indications that the euro zone's economic growth is slowing and that central bankers should strive to boost inflation.
"To some extent we've lost the optimism that drove the markets higher over the course of the year, whether it's worry about the impact of people dying of the latest contagion, whether worry about what will happen when the Fed is no longer pumping money into the economy, or Europe and the slowing there," said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank.
After rising to 19.38, its highest level since Feb. 6, the CBOE Volatility Index , a measure of investor uncertainty, rose 24 percent to 18.76. The Russell 2000 Index of small-cap companies fell 2.7 percent.
Gap fell sharply after the retailer tallied disappointing sales in September and said its chief executive officer would depart; PepsiCo gained after hiking its outlook, and Apple rose after Carl Icahn called on the technology company to increase its share buybacks .
Read More Midday movers: Tesla, Apple, Yelp & more
The market's decline "certainly isn't any of the U.S. news; jobless claims continue to point to a sturdy labor market," Luschini said of the number of Americans filing for jobless benefits , which declined last week, with the four-month average hitting an eight-year low.
Separately, wholesale inventories rose 0.7 percent in August, compared to expectations of a 0.3 percent gain.
"We need to wipe out some valuation excess to de-rate to a level that is more indicative of this two-speed global economy, where the U.S. looks good but the rest of the world looks suspiciously weak," Luschini said.
Symbol

Icahn to CNBC: Can t compete with AppleIcahn to CNBC: Can't compete with Apple
Thursday,  9 Oct 2014 | 12:01  PM ET
Icahn Enterprises' Carl Icahn speaks to "Fast Money Halftime Report" about the great ecosystem at Apple, and why he thinks the company is massively undervalued.
SHARES

Sandhu enters last eight at Indian Squash CircuitSandhu enters last eight at Indian Squash Circuit
Outcome of board meeting of Matru-Smriti TradersOutcome of board meeting of Matru-Smriti Traders
Finmeccanica looks to rebuild India ties after former head convictedFinmeccanica looks to rebuild India ties after former head convicted
Minorities panel takes up boy s brutal killing in HyderabadMinorities panel takes up boy s brutal killing in Hyderabad
Modi asks states to vie for slice of foreign investment pieModi asks states to vie for slice of foreign investment pie
Disturbing pics: Yemen suicide blast kills at least 43 rebel supporters in SanaaDisturbing pics: Yemen suicide blast kills at least 43 rebel supporters in Sanaa
Modi flays Pawar over Shivaji legacy issueModi flays Pawar over Shivaji legacy issue
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, October 9:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi once again took on NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Thursday for raising the issue of Chatrapati Shivaji’s legacy.
Addressing a massive election campaign rally here, Modi said Shivaji is a national icon and has been an inspirational person, so Pawar should not raise objections.
“Sharad Rao (Pawar), if you had so much love for Shivaji, why you could not make a huge memorial for Shivaji earlier? Today when the elections are at hand that you have remembered Shivaji. Same is the issue with the memorial for Babasaheb Ambedkar,” he said.
Referring to Sharad Pawar and his nephew Ajit Pawar, Modi said that the winds are changing for the uncle and nephew. Because of their politics, people are dissatisfied and therefore the BJP should be voted to power with full majority in the State, he added.
“Politics is changing very fast in India, it is entering into new age. You cannot weigh with old scales. All old equations have changed and vote bank and caste based politics is no longer valid,” Modi said.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Vadra land deal: BJP steps up attack on CongSays poll panel has not been fully apprised of facts
New Delhi, October 9:  
A day after the Election Commission (EC) declared that there was no violation of the moral code of conduct in land deals involving Congress president Sonia Gandhi’s son-in-law Robert Vadra in poll-bound Haryana, the BJP stepped up its attack.
The party fielded Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad to assert that the Congress Government in Haryana had deliberately suppressed facts related to deals in its submissions to the EC.
“The Congress has started celebrating just because the EC has held there is no violation of the moral code of conduct. That in itself does not validate the land deals. Moreover, and I say this with the utmost sense of responsibility, the full facts of the case were not presented to the EC,” Prasad said.
Quoting from the EC order in this regard, the Minister said the report of the Financial Commissioner and the Principal Secretary to the Haryana Government is misleading.
“The report states that the decision on the request for renewal and transfer of licence in favour of DLF Ltd is pending in the Department since October 2012 for want of clarification regarding the issue of ownership,” Prasad said while reading from the EC’s order.
“The Financial Commissioner has also stated that no action has been taken by this officer on the subject after the moral code of conduct came into force on September 12, 2014,” he added.
Order negated
These facts, Prasad said, are in total contrast with a decision of the Gurgaon Deputy Commissioner.
The Minister said while the Haryana Government pleaded before the EC that “the decision on the request for renewal and transfer of license in favour of DLF Ltd is pending”, the Deputy Commissioner’s order makes it clear that the request for renewal and transfer of licence in favour of DLF Ltd had been conceded.
He said this order negated another order passed by a superior officer, the well-known Ashok Khemka, who had annulled the deal.
“There are various questions with regard to the order of the Deputy Commissioner. First of all, the fact that the request was not pending but had been acceded to was not revealed to the EC.
“Secondly, how could a junior officer negate the order of a senior officer? Most importantly, why was the EC not apprised of this order,” said Prasad.
The fact is, said the Minister, the Congress Government in Haryana knows that it is not coming back to power.
“And so, Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda has decided to give a parting gift to his party president whose son-in-law’s company Skylight Hospitality is involved in this deal,” said Prasad.
Similar case
On a similar case of land transfers in Rajasthan, where the BJP is in power, Prasad said a preliminary inquiry has resulted in an FIR and four officials have been suspended.
However, the BJP seemed to stop short of launching a full-scale investigation against Vadra.
“All enquiries will be fair and impartial. So far as a CBI inquiry is concerned, it is launched only on the request of a state government or a court order. So far, this is not the case,” said Prasad.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Investcorp chief Kirdar to retireInvestcorp sets out succession plan as chief Kirdar to retire
By Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0e0a2b32-4fc3-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

WATCH: Our Planet Looks Tiny Next To Thisreddit
Something described as a "filament" sounds like such a tiny thing.
But check out this ginormous solar filament NASA spotted on Sept. 30, courtesy of the Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) spacecraft, in the video above and photos below.
Solar filaments are clouds of solar material, which become suspended by powerful magnetic forces above the sun's surface. Filaments aren't rare , but one of this size certainly stands out -- straightened out, the filament would measure around one million miles in length.
(Story continues below)
The solar filament appears as a dark snaking line embedded across the upper right of the sun in this image, which was taken on Sept. 30, 2014. NASA's SDO captured the image in extreme UV light. The Earth is shown to scale.
NASA says the spacecraft's photos may hold clues to what causes solar filaments , and how they trigger huge eruptions from the sun called coronal mass ejections .
These eruptions can disrupt the flow of solar wind and even send high-energy particles toward Earth .
“That’s one of the coolest things about a filament — when it finally lifts off and you’ll see these million-mile things just rip off the surface of the sun,” astrophysicist Dean Pesnell, project scientist for the Solar Dynamics Observatory, told the Los Angeles Times.
NASA's SDO captured these images of a solar filament in extreme UV light, using different wavelengths to show the solar material at different temperatures.
Filaments can last for days or even weeks. So this impressive one may be around for quite a while.
Also on HuffPost:

Comprehensive civil aviation policy soon: GovtComprehensive civil aviation policy soon: Govt
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 8:  
The Government is working to bring out a comprehensive civil aviation policy soon, said Anil Srivastava, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Civil Aviation.
He was speaking at an Assocham conference here on Wednesday
The policy will include aspects from ground handling to maintenance, focusing on regional and remote area air connectivity, among others, he told reporters.
“The Government has worked on the first draft. Talks and discussions is going on with all the stakeholders and soon an effective policy will be in place,” Srivastava said adding that the Ministry requires supporting hand for the overall growth of the aviation sector like flying schools.
Industry body Assocham said an expected investment of $12.1 billion is needed to improve remote and regional connectivity with industrial hubs through establishment of no-frill airports.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Yum Brands: a fowl result© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/063554e8-4ec6-11e4-a1ef-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Key utilities to be privatised in 100 smart cities; talks on with corporatesKey utilities to be privatised in 100 smart cities; talks on with corporates
Our Bureau
Civic bodies to be co-opted in the new plan
New Delhi, October 8:  
The Centre will privatise the management of basic utilities such as power, water, and sewage treatment in the 100 smart cities that are to be developed.
Shankar Aggarwal, Secretary, Ministry of Urban Development, said: “Private companies can do a more efficient job and we want municipal bodies to take advantage of the initiative by these companies.”
The Government wants municipal bodies to come on board and will set conditions for the private entities — for instance, all services to be delivered on online platform, and all records to be in digital domain. He, however, did not name the private players that have shown interest in providing the services.
“We are in talks with IBM, Microsoft and Cisco for IT in these smart cities and developers such as Parsvnath, DLF, as well as cement and steel companies for building infrastructure. Quality-cum-Financial Bid System will be followed for tenders for such companies,” Aggarwal told select mediapersons.
The identification process for smart cities will begin in a month, while the roll out will start in six months.
The 100 smart cities will include 35 capitals of States/Union Territories, around 10 cities with population of over 40 lakh, some 25 mid-size towns, and greenfield cities.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Facebooks Zuckerberg in India to focus on driving Internet accessFacebook’s Zuckerberg in India to focus on driving Internet access
Our Bureau
Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook
To meet top honchos at Micromax, Airtel
New Delhi, October 8:  
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg will meet key Government and industry leaders, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi and honchos at Bharti Group and Micromax, during his visit to India starting today.
Zuckerberg is expected to focus on ways to deliver more Internet services for people in languages other than English and talk about how Facebook and the various Indian stakeholderscan collaborate in taking Internet services to the next billion.
He comes to India just a few months after the company’s Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg’s visit in June. The social network has 108 million users in India, making it the second largest country after the US. In addition, there are millions of users on other products owned by Facebook, including WhatsApp and Instagram.
While the going has been good for Zuckerberg until now, it is the concerns around future growth that brings him to India.
According to a recent McKinsey report, there are about 4.4 billion people without Internet access and 3.4 billion of those live in 20 countries. In India, only 17 per cent of the population have access to the Internet.
Facebook has realised that it needs to do much more than being a social network to reach out to the next billion users, and has launched a number of initiatives such as the internet.org, aimed at bringing together all key stakeholders for making available affordable Internet services.
For example, the Internet.org application provides free basic services in markets where Internet access may be less affordable. It allows people to browse selected health, employment and local information websites without data charges. Initially launched to Airtel customers in Zambia, Zuckerberg would be keen to discuss possible partnerships with Airtel and Micromax to bring this initiative to India.
‘Mobile first’
At the centre of Facebook’s India game plan is the ‘mobile first’ strategy that the company announced globally a year ago. It is now offering services in many regional languages. For instance, it launched a programme called ‘Facebook for Every Phone’ app, which delivers smartphone-like Facebook experience on feature phones in Hindi and other Indian languages, including Gujarati, Tamil, Malayalam, Kannada, Punjabi, Bengali and Marathi.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Sikka effect: Infy may deliver over 2.7% growth in Q2 revenueInvestors eagerly awaiting Sikka's long-term plans
Mumbai / Bangalore, October 8:  
Come Friday, Vishal Sikka will be cynosure of all eyes as he takes the dais to elaborate on his first 60 days as the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Infosys.
While the broad expectation is that Infosys may report a 2.7-3.5 per cent sequential rise in second quarter revenue, investors are keen to know if Sikka — who became the company’s first non-founder CEO in August — plans to significantly alter Infosys’s long-term strategy.
“We expect Infosys to deliver a 3.2 per cent quarter-on-quarter revenue growth, decent in the context of the volatility the company has faced in the past many quarters,” Citi Research analysts Surendra Goyal and Rishi Iyer said in a report. The second quarter is generally a strong quarter for the Indian IT sector.
Ashish Chopra, IT analyst, with Motilal Oswal Securities, believes that Infosys may retain its 7-9 per cent annual growth estimate for fiscal 2015. He added that investors are keen to know whether the company can improve its margins given that the rupee has stabilised.
Margins may improve
“Infosys’s margins are likely to improve by 150 basis points as it ramps up deals won earlier, thereby improving operational metrics. Commentary on margin trajectory and levers available, particularly in wake of the stable currency scenario, will be keenly monitored by investors,” a report from Edelweiss Securities said.
Rupee impact
The rupee had depreciated by 2.85 per cent against the dollar in the three-month period ended September 30, while the Euro strengthened by 5.5 per cent.
The depreciating rupee is good news for software companies, as a lion’s share of their revenue comes from software exports to the US. Despite Infosys’ revenue growth expected to be slower than that of TCS and HCL Technologies, analysts were confident that Infosys is on the path to recovery, as it has managed to stem top-level attrition after Sikka came on board.
Design Thinking
Infosys is also expected to provide more details on its ‘Design Thinking (DT)’ strategy. It is one of the new ideas that Sikka had brought to the table in a bid to energise the company, which has been lagging peers in the last three years. Recently, Infosys entered into a partnership with Stanford University to train its employees around principles such as DT.
“We are waiting for more details regarding DT and want clarity on whether it will form an integral part of the Infosys’s strategy going forward,” said Shashi Bhusan, Senior Research Analyst-Institutional Equities at Prabhudas Lilladher.
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Modi asks States to tap $100-bn investment potentialModi asks States to tap $100-bn investment potential
A. M. Jigeesh
Prime Minister, Narendra Modi (file photo)
Indore, Oct 9:  
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked the States to work as a team with Centre to develop the country. Inaugurating the Global Investors Summit of Madhya Pradesh here on Thursday, Modi said the country will get foreign investment worth 100 billion dollars in the coming days.
Citing the bilateral discussions he had with the United States and China, Modi said: "100 billion dollars have applied for Indian visa. It is up to the States to use this opportunity and lead the investors to the various possibilities in their respective States," he said and added that the Centre will provide all necessary help for investors.
He said the credit ratings of India by various international agencies have improved since the new Government assumed power. He said decisions such as 100 per cent FDI in Railways will change the fortunes of the country.
He stressed the need for including the academic world into the course of development. The Prime Minister said the academic world should not be allowed to stand alone and the Governments, investors and manufacturers should work hand-in-hand with the Universities.
He asked the States to create a global talent pool so that the experience, talent and discipline of the NRIs can be used for growth. He said programmes like skill development needs microlevel planning. "We should be able to end the mismatch of demand for skilled workers and burgeoning rate of unemployment," he said.
He lauded Madhya Pradesh's efforts to maintain a double digit growth in agriculture and in the GDP.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Banks shun packaged UK mortgage dealsBanks shun packaged UK mortgage deals
By Christopher Thompson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0ae7e92c-4ef0-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex vaults over 400 points; capital goods  realty banks rallySensex vaults 390 points on global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 9:  
Snapping its three-session losing streak, the benchmark BSE Sensex staged a strong comeback by rising 400 points today on fresh spells of buying by foreign funds and investors amid positive global cues.
Expectation of a recovery in EBITDA margins of companies ahead of Q2FY15 earnings season and global cues saw the NIfty and the Sensex open in the green. The Nifty opened 44 points up at 7,887 while the Sensex opened 147 points up at 26,394.
Besides, appreciating rupee which strengthened to 60.90 against the dollar and easing global crude prices that have hit two-year low, buoyed sentiments.
The 30-share barometer had lost over 383 points in the previous three sessions.
The Sensex zoomed 390 points or 1.49 per cent to end at 26,637 while the NSE Nifty jumped 118 points or 1.5 per cent to 7,960.
All sectoral indices were in the green led by capital goods, realty and banks with gains of up to 3 per cent. Volatility was down 6.78 per cent with the India Vix quoting at 13.15.
BHEL (+8.3%), Hindalco (+6%), SBI (+2.84%), HDFC (2.68%) and ICICI Bank (+2.64%) were the top gainers in the Sensex 30.
Brokers said sentiments turned better, tracking rebound on other Asian markets in response to minutes from the US Federal Reserve indicating that policymakers are wary about raising interest rates sooner than later.
Global markets
World stock markets roared their approval on Thursday of reassurances the US Federal Reserve will not rush into raising interest rates, with risk appetite flooding back into almost every asset class. The dollar jolted lower, while oil and commodity prices rose.
Bond yields in large parts of Europe, which have plunged during years of cheap funding from the Fed and the world's other major central banks, hit new record lows.
Minutes of the Fed's Sept. 16-17 meeting published late on Wednesday showed officials were wary about the dual threats of a stronger dollar and recent wobbles in the world economy as they seek an eventual exit from record low rates.
There were big gains on Wall Street and for Asia stocks, and European shares duly followed suit as Britain's FTSE 100 , Germany's DAX and France's CAC 40 rose 0.7, 1.2 and 0.8 per cent respectively in early trading.
"It (the Fed's message) has stabilised risk appetite and it was well needed following the macro economic disappointments we have had recently," said Hans Peterson, global head of asset allocation at SEB investment management.
"It is a burning issue, the pace of U.S. interest rate rises. They will tighten of course, but it will probably be very slow."
Even news that German exports slumped 5.8 per cent in August -- their biggest fall since the height of the financial crisis in January 2009, and yet another sign that Europe's largest economy is faltering -- failed to dampen the mood.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan , which touched its lowest level since March in the previous session, was up about 1.2 per cent in late trade.
Japan's Nikkei share average skidded 0.8 per cent, however, as the yen rose against the weakened dollar.
Gold, which also tends to benefit from loose monetary policy, climbed to its highest in about two weeks, with spot gold rising about 0.4 per cent to $1,226.40 an ounce. The Fed was not the only central bank in action though. The British pound stood at $1.6165, steady on the day and holding above an 11-month low of $1.5943 on Monday, ahead of the Bank of England's policy announcement later in the session. The bank is expected to keep rates steady near record lows.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Facebook is excited to help govt in Digital India programme: ZuckerbergThe HIndu Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg addressing the inaugural session of the first Internet.org summit (October 9-10), in New Delhi on October 09, 2014. Photo: Rajeev Bhatt
New Delhi, Oct 9:  
Seeing exponential growth potential for Facebook in India, its co-founder Mark Zuckerberg today said he will discuss with Prime Minister Narendra Modi ways to connect villages with the digital world.
The CEO of the California-headquartered firm, who is on his first visit to India, said he is excited to help the government in its ambitious Digital India programme.
“India is an amazing country with unlimited potential. It is a place of big ambitions and Facebook is deeply committed to the country. We see lot of growth for us here. Tomorrow I’m meeting the Prime Minister. He is committed to connecting villages online and we are excited to see how Facebook can help,” Zuckerberg said here.
India has about 243 million Internet users and have 100 million plus Facebook users, but there are over a billion people in the country who do not have access to the net, he added.
He is the third high profile CEO of a US-based firm, after Amazon’s Jeff Bezos and Microsoft’s Satya Nadella, to visit India in the last few days.
$1 million fund
Zuckerberg announced that Facebook is creating a $1 million fund to help developers develop apps for farmers, migrants and women. This will be a contest to drive new apps and services in local languages.
“Since 2007, Facebook has been working on new apps and services in local languages. About 65 per cent use Facebook in a language other than English, including 10 Indian languages,” he added.
On barriers in Internet penetration, he said: “There are three major barriers to connectivity network, affordability and content.”
Zuckerberg, counted among the youngest tech billionaires, said free basic internet access should be like dialing 911 in the US or 100 in India.
Technology has to serve the society, he said adding that connectivity cannot be a privilege of the rich and powerful.
“When the benefits of technology are shared across the whole society that is when we can make the big leap. Because India has embraced science, the next generation has the opportunity to bring the world to India and India to the world,” he added.
He said that the whole world being robbed of creativity and ideas because so many people in India are not online.
Zuckerberg said through Internet.org, the industry aims to make Internet access affordable for people across the globe.
Focused on enabling the next five billion people without Internet access to come online, the founding members of the project include Facebook, Ericsson, MediaTek, Nokia, Opera, Qualcomm and Samsung.
The partners are collaborating on developing lower-cost, higher-quality smartphones and deploying Internet access in under-served communities.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Beware the  whipsaw  stock marketBeware the ‘whipsaw’ stock market
By: Adam Shell October 9, 2014 7:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchang on Oct. 8. The Dow bounced back more than 270 points after dropping sharply on Oct. 7. (Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
Down 273 points one day. Up 275 points the next.
Welcome to the Wild Wild Wall Street.
The Dow Jones industrial average has been behaving like it is suffering from bipolar disorder. One day the Dow plunges. The next day it soars. And the day after that it’s almost impossible to predict in the wacky world of Wall Street, where mood swings occur in the milliseconds it takes computers to place sell and buy orders.
In early trading today, the Dow’s yo-yo-like price action is again on display. The Dow is down more than 160 points, or 0.9%, to 16,831, following its best point gain of the year (+275 points) yesterday, which erased Tuesday’s 273-point decline.
The market has suddenly gone wild — week after week, month after month of boring price action, and mostly to the upside. But that’s all changed now. Volatility is back with a vengeance. That means one day’s gains can become tomorrow’s losses — with the market direction changing in a heartbeat by a troublesome headline, a comment from an influential banker, politician or money manager or the power of the investing herd.
In the new sign of the times, in the first six days of October the Dow has closed up or down more than 200 points on four occasions, with winning days and losing days tied 2-2.
In a yo-yo market like this, investors have to keep their cool, stick to their investment discipline and not make rash decisions from one day to the next. Because if you do, you run the risk of getting whipsawed, Wall Street’s version of a whiplash.
And these wild daily market fluctuations are expected to continue.
“We continue to believe that the shift in U.S. central bank policy – from certainty to uncertainty – is at the center of this storm impacting equity markets as of late,” says Gina Martin Adams, senior analyst at Wells Fargo Securities. “While the strong reversal in stocks yesterday may offer a welcome ‘all clear’ technical signal for the short run, we continue to believe it is likely to be a rocky path to progress for equities this autumn. Thus, until the path to (rate) normalization becomes clear, stocks may continue to trade in a relatively volatile pattern.”
So, take a deep breath. Sure, Wednesday’s 275-point Dow rally wipes out all of Tuesday’s losses. But it shouldn’t erase the memory of what Tuesday’s drop felt like when the Dow was in free fall. The market is confused right now. Federal Reserve support notwithstanding, the bull will tire at some point. The problem? Nobody knows exactly when. Stay diversified, my friend.

Don t politicise border firing says Modi  as Congress calls him  absentee PMUnder severe attack from the opposition over Pakistan's incessant cross-border firing , Prime Minister Narendra Modi Thursday hit out at his critics saying they were "demoralising" the security forces.
Narendra Modi
"Such an issue should not be part of a political debate. Elections will come and go, but please don't demoralise those fighting on the border by debating these things," Modi said during his campaign speech at Baramati, the political turf of NCP leader Sharad Pawar.
Read: Our forces will make cost of Pak's 'adventurism' unaffordable, says Jaitley
"Don't use words that will discourage the soldiers fighting on the border," he said in response to criticism from the Congress, the NCP and his former ally, the Shiv Sena.
Targeting Pawar, who had criticised him for holding poll rallies in Maharashtra when there was tension on the border, Modi said, "When you were the defence minister, there were problems with Pakistan and China on the border. Did you ever bother to go to the border then?"
Praising security forces for responding to Pakistan's aggression, Modi said, "Today, when bullets are being fired on the border, it is the enemy that is screaming. Our jawans have responded to the aggression with courage."
Modi's counter-attack came on a day the Congress called him an absentee PM, questioning his absence in Delhi and his engagement in state election campaigns at such a crucial time.
The party also hit back at defence minister Arun Jaitley for his statement that opposition's criticism was "ill-informed", saying that they had not been taken into confidence over the matter and that it was the PM and his government that were acting "irresponsibly" on the issue.
Calling the PM a "control freak", Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma said, "when we have such a serious issue at our borders, we should not have an absentee Prime Minister."
"Prime Minister is a control freak. He wants to be everywhere... Whether by design or default the Prime Minister has been absent during crucial period. He has been busy pretending to be Chief Minister face for every state be it Maharashtra or Haryana," Sharma said.

After a decade of calm  army gears up for active borderAfter a decade of calm, army gears up for active border
Ajai Shukla | New Delhi Oct 10, 2014 12:22 AM IST
After almost a decade of relative peace on the Line of Control (LoC) — the mountainous, 776-km, de facto border between Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (PoK) and the rest of Jammu & Kashmir (J&K) that remains with India — in early 2013 saw resumption of firing and aggressive patrolling of the LoC from both sides. Sporadic flare-ups since then have been mostly controlled without significant casualties.
This week, however, has seen firing spread from the LoC to the plains sector of Jammu, along the border between J&K and Pakistani Punjab. Media reports are erroneously calling this the “international boundary” or IB.
In fact, the IB — promulgated by Sir Cyril Radcliffe on August 17, 1947, and accepted by both India and Pakistan — runs between the Indian states of Gujarat, Rajasthan and Punjab, and the Pakistani provinces of Sindh and Punjab. Since the 1971 war, India and Pakistan have never exchanged fire across the IB.
The on-going firing involves Indian posts and villages in J&K, which begins near Pathankot and runs north for 200 km to Akhnur, where the LoC begins. Pakistan calls this the “working boundary”, since it is contested like the rest of J&K. By firing here, Pakistan demonstrates that it remains unsettled.
On Thursday, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley said, “The international border has never been an issue at all and most of these violations are occurring at the IB.” In fact, for Pakistan, the “working boundary” is a part of the J&K dispute.
Targeting civilians in the plains sector, in villages like Arnia, gives Pakistan a softer option than tangling with India on the LoC, where Indian military posts are well fortified; and even mortars and machine guns cause only limited damage. Rather than facing robust Indian Army retaliation on the LoC, Pakistan is targeting the BSF, and villages along the “working boundary”.
Since Wednesday, firing has died down along the LoC, but continues along the so-called “working boundary”, where both sides have reported civilians casualty. Each side has evacuated some 20,000 border villagers to safety away from the border.
This is not unprecedented. Prior to the LoC ceasefire of November 2003, both sides would target border villages, causing casualties to civilians. Border villages take survival cues from the military, often building underground bunkers next to their homes, into which they scurry when firing starts. Even so, civilians sometimes get caught in the open when enemy guns first open fire.
Senior Indian commanders assess that the Pakistan Army is activating the border to rally support at a time when nationalist and Islamist groups are protesting the army’s attack on North Waziristan, accusing it of acting at America’s behest. Pakistan’s military is also taking flak for recent drone strikes on militant targets.
“Pakistani generals want a mildly activated border to keep alive the India bogey. Strong army chiefs like (General Pervez) Musharraf and (General Ashfaq) Kayani did not need to whip up the India bogey. But the current chief, General Raheel Sharif, needs to play the India card. I think we will have to live with a more active border,” predicts a top Indian general.
Furthermore, India’s suspension of the dialogue process has reduced Pakistan’s incentive to keep the peace. When the dialogue process was under way, even if sporadically, ceasefire violations incurred a cost — firing on the border disrupted the dialogue. With dialogue suspended, there is no diplomatic cost to ceasefire violations.
New Delhi, therefore, must now rely on imposing a military cost, through strong retaliation against Pakistani posts and villages. With Indian posts on the LoC better constructed and more heavily armed than Pakistan’s, an escalation of firing imposes disproportionate costs on the Pakistan Army. The BSF too has been instructed to retaliate strongly. New Delhi’s decision not to call for a flag meeting underlines its conviction that the military cost will soon become too high for Pakistan.
Top operational commanders from both sides — the directors general of military operations, or DsGMO — spoke briefly on the telephone earlier this week. Each side accused the other of violating the ceasefire. However, neither side requested for a flag meeting, where de-escalation is normally initiated.
"Pakistan, in these attacks, has clearly been the aggressor… If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable," said Jaitley on Thursday.
It has been speculated that Pakistan has stepping up cross-border firing to infiltrate militants into J&K before the winter snows block the passes from POK. In fact, the infiltration routes around Poonch, Rajauri and Naushera — in the lower-lying Jammu Sector — remain open around the year.
Nor is it likely that Pakistan has activated the border to disrupt India’s counter-infiltration grid. The Indian Army prefers an operating environment where fire can be opened quickly on suspected infiltration. The ceasefire restrains India’s posts as much as Pakistan’s. If there is no de-escalation soon, infiltrating militants will face a more hostile reception at the LoC than they have since the ceasefire of November 2003.

Industry Ministry sets up  Japan Plus  team to fast track investmentsYou are here: Home > Collections
Industry Ministry sets up 'Japan Plus' team to fast track investments
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 07.30PM IST
Tags:
department of industrial policy & promotion
(The Department of Industrial…)
NEW DELHI: In order to facilitate investments from Japan, the Industry Ministry has set up a team called 'Japan Plus' comprising officials of both the governments.
The Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) has set up a special management team to facilitate and fast track investment proposals from Japan, said an official statement.
During the recent visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Japan, the country had offered to invest USD 33.5 billion over the next five years by way of public-private partnership and overseas development assistance.
"Japan Plus has been operationalised with effect from October 8, 2014. Japan Plus will be coordinated by Kenichiro Toyofuku from METI and will comprise of four Indians and two Japanese officials," the statement added.
METI is Japan's Ministry of Economy , Trade and Industry. The mandate of the 'Japan Plus' team runs through the entire spectrum of investment promotion, research, outreach, promotion, facilitation and aftercare.
The team will support the Indian government in initiating, attracting, facilitating, fast tracking and handholding Japanese investments across sectors.
The team will also be responsible for providing updated information on investment opportunities across sectors, in specific projects and in industrial corridors in particular.
"In addition, the Japan Plus team will identify prospective Japanese companies, including, small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and facilitate their investments in India," it added.
Besides, India has also constituted a core group chaired by Cabinet Secretary on India-Japan Investment Promotion Partnership. This group will comprise of Chairman, Railway Board, Foreign Secretary and Secretaries of DIPP , Revenue, Economic Affairs, Financial Services, Urban Development, Information Technology and others.
This group will co-ordinate and closely monitor the process to ensure that investments from Japan as envisaged in India-Japan Investment Promotion Partnership are facilitated in various sectors and opportunities of investment and technology transfer are fully exploited, the statement added.
Japan is the fourth largest FDI contributor to India, with major interests in pharmaceuticals, automobiles and services sectors and accounts for 7.46 per cent of total FDI equity inflows into India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Facebook Doesn t Have Near-Term Monetize WhatsApp: CEOfacebook doesn t have near-term monetize whatsapp: ceo
Wall Street dips on growth concerns after massive rallyWall Street dips on growth concerns after massive rally
By Reuters | 9 Oct, 2014, 08.10PM IST
While domestic news - including job data and corporate earnings - was encouraging, investors continued taking their trading cues from abroad.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks edged lower on Thursday as concerns over global growth spurred investors to take profits following a massive advance in the previous session.
While domestic news - including job data and corporate earnings - was encouraging, investors continued taking their trading cues from abroad.
German exports dropped by 5.8 per cent in August, their biggest fall since January 2009. The data was the latest indication, following bearish reads on industrial output and industrial orders, that Europe's largest economy was faltering amid broader weakness in the euro zone. Separately, data this week showed growth in the Chinese services sector weakened slightly in September.
"Right now, one of the main preoccupations investors have is what's going on in the international economy, which has gravely complicated the outlook for the global economy," said Bernard Baumohl, managing director at the Economic Outlook Group in Princeton, New Jersey.
The third-quarter earnings season got off to a strong start, with both Alcoa Inc and PepsiCo Inc rallying after results topped expectations.
Alcoa rose 0.8 per cent to $16.19 while PepsiCo was up 0.9 per cent at $94.79.
On the downside, Gap Inc plunged 12 per cent to $36.94 as the S&P 500's biggest decliner a day after it reported weaker-than-expected same-store sales for September and said its chief executive would retire in February.
Jobless claims dropped 1,000 to a seasonally adjusted 287,000 in the latest week. The report supported September jobs data, which also pointed to improving conditions in the labor market.
Wall Street soared on Wednesday, with major indexes posting their biggest one-day jump of the year after the Federal Reserve reassured investors its first rate hike would come when economic data pointed to an economy that could grow without Fed stimulus, rather than on a specific schedule. With the day's advance, the S&P 500 jumped back above its 100-day moving average, a sign of improving near-term momentum.
"If investors are trying to figure out where to place their funds, the US equity market looks better than pretty much anywhere else," said Baumohl.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 45.98 points, or 0.27 per cent, to 16,948.24, the S&P 500 lost 5.75 points, or 0.29 per cent, to 1,963.14 and the Nasdaq Composite
dropped 13.41 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 4,455.19.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,801 to 888, for a 2.03-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,616 issues were fell and 573 advanced for a 2.82-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The benchmark S&P 500 index posted 18 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 14 new highs and 33 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Investors snub Goldmans Figsco debtInvestors snub Goldman’s ‘Figsco’ debt
By Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/228e0e6c-38fc-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coal India misses output target for 5th mont...Coal India misses output target for 5th month in a row
PTI Oct 9, 2014, 08.59PM IST
Tags:
Central Electricity Authority
(In the first six months of…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned Coal India missed the output target for the fifth consecutive month producing 34.88 million tonnes (MT) of coal in September against targeted 36.17 MT even as acute fuel shortages continue to hit power generation.
In the first six months of the current fiscal, Coal India (CIL) has produced 210.76 MT of coal against a target of 220.11 MT, the company said in a filing to the BSE.
In August, the output was 34.54 MT against the target of 35.13 MT. In July it achieved a production of 33.01 MT (35.86), in June it was 34.54 MT (36.84).
In May, the output was 36.27 MT against target of 38.46 MT.
As per the latest data (September 29) by the Central Electricity Authority (CEA), 56 coal-based power plants reported critical fuel stocks of less than seven days.
Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal had earlier asked Coal India to ramp up production from its existing mines.
CIL, which accounts for 80 per cent of domestic coal production, missed its output target of 482 million tonnes for 2013-14, producing 462 million tonnes during the period.
Production fell short of target because of various reasons, including lack of environment clearance to coal mining projects.
In 2012-13, the company produced 452.5 million tonnes of coal, falling short of the 464 MT target.
Coal India's production target for 2014-15 has been set at 507 MT.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Warm September hits N Browns profitsWarm September hits N Brown’s profits
By Andrea Felsted, Senior Retail Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5c78d84a-4fbe-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inflation-seekers welcome dollar rally© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/20e37576-4f3a-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

These are The World s Most Innovative CompaniesThese are The World s Most Innovative Companies
Regulator throws payday lenders lifelineRegulator throws payday lenders a lifeline
By Emma Dunkley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/60f764fc-4fb6-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ex-Finmeccanica executives jailedFormer Finmeccanica executives convicted of falsifying invoices
By James Politi in Rome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b4a1b7a4-4fb3-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Jobless Claims Fall  Beating EstimatesYou are here: Home Economy
US Jobless Claims Fall, Point to Labour Market Strength
Reuters | Updated On: October 09, 2014 19:18 (IST)
FDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Washington: The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits fell last week to nearly its lowest level since before the 2007-09 recession, a sign of growing steam in the US labour market.
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits dropped 1,000 to a seasonally adjusted 287,000 in the week ended October 4, the Labor Department said on Thursday.
The data adds to the view that some strength is building in the US economy.
"The labour market is entering into a potential boom," said Joseph LaVorgna, chief US economist at Deutsche Bank in New York.
Still, Federal Reserve officials remain concerned about persistently low rates of inflation and are not seen in a rush to hike interest rates.
Claims for the prior week were revised to show 1,000 more applications received than previously reported.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast claims rising to 294,000 last week.
Jobless claims have fallen steadily since the nation emerged from the recession and are currently lower than they were before the country's economic crisis began. Indeed, the level of claims last week was just 8,000 above a 14-year low reached in July.
The four-week moving average of claims, considered a better measure of labor market trends as it irons out week-to-week volatility, fell 7,250 to 287,750, its lowest level since 2006.
Prices for US government debt held on to modest gains following the publication of the data. On Wednesday, prices had risen after minutes from the Fed's last policy meeting showed policymakers were concerned by a strong dollar and a global economic slowdown, which led investors to bet the Fed would delay interest rate hikes. US stock index futures were little changed after Thursday's data was released.
The Labor Department said there were no special factors influencing the state level claims data.
The report showed the number of people still receiving benefits after an initial week of aid dropped 21,000 to 2.38 million in the week ended September 27.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Alcoa earnings beat forecasts due to higher aluminum pricesOct 09, 2014, 10.15 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Alcoa earnings beat forecasts due to higher aluminum prices
The aluminum company traditionally has been one of the first S&P 500 companies to report quarterly results, and some see it as a bellwether for the broader US economy because it supplies major industries such as auto and airplane manufacturing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Alcoa earnings beat forecasts due to higher aluminum prices
The aluminum company traditionally has been one of the first S&P 500 companies to report quarterly results, and some see it as a bellwether for the broader US economy because it supplies major industries such as auto and airplane manufacturing.
Post your opinion here
 
Alcoa Inc reported a stronger-than-expected increase in third-quarter profit on Wednesday as higher aluminum prices and lower costs drove a recovery in its business unit that produces aluminum.
In an interview, Alcoa Chief Executive Klaus Kleinfeld said the "upstream" raw materials business had its best quarter since the 2008 economic slump. "Our performance this time is more great proof that our strategy is working," he said.
The aluminum company traditionally has been one of the first S&P 500 companies to report quarterly results, and some see it as a bellwether for the broader US economy because it supplies major industries such as auto and airplane manufacturing.
Alcoa's stock rose 2 percent in after-hours trading to USD 16.42. It is up 50 percent this year, outperforming the market and aluminum prices.
In the third quarter, Alcoa's net income rose to USD 149 million, or 12 cents a share, from USD 24 million, or 2 cents, even as it took restructuring charges for smelter closures.
Alcoa's growing business making specialized goods for automotive and aerospace customers has helped offset a weak market for less-processed aluminum. The company has also been working to improve costs.
Third-quarter after-tax operating income in Alcoa's primary metals unit, which houses its aluminum mining, refining and smelting operations, jumped to USD 245 million from USD 8 million. It also benefited from an increase in average realized prices to USD 2,538 a tonne from USD 2,180.
Alcoa has been shutting higher-cost smelting capacity as its joint venture with Saudi Arabian Mining Co expands. Kleinfeld said the Saudi operation is fully ramped up and already profitable.
Asked if Alcoa would close more smelting capacity, Kleinfeld said the company was still targeting lower costs: "We are not done yet," he said.
RESULTS BEAT MARKET EXPECTATIONS
Excluding special items, Alcoa's earnings jumped to USD 370 million, or 31 cents a share, in the third quarter, exceeding the 23 cents a share that analysts on average were expecting.
Sales rose to 7 percent to USD 6.2 billion.
"They beat on earnings, and they beat on revenue, and revenue is a key for investors here. They want to see growth," said Tim Ghriskey, chief investment officer of Solaris Group.
For the second time this year, Alcoa increased its 2014 estimate of production growth for the North America commercial transportation market - an important end market for the company - to a range of 16 to 20 percent from 10 to 14 percent in the second quarter.
After a steep drop, aluminum prices surged 27 percent in the seven months through August to a 18-month peak. They have since given up some gains but are up about 8 percent on the year.
Alcoa's downstream business unit, which has become a bigger contributor to profits, reported record after-tax operating income of USD 209 million, up 9 percent.

HOEC: Change in directorOct 09, 2014, 09.31 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HOEC: Change in director
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company has informed that R. Vasudevan, Non-Executive Independent Director and Chairman, V. Srinivasa Rangan, Non-Executive Non-Independent Director, Sunil Behan Mathur, Non-Executive Independent Director and Manish Maheshwari, Managing Director have vide their respective letters resigned  from the Board of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HOEC: Change in director
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company has informed that R. Vasudevan, Non-Executive Independent Director and Chairman, V. Srinivasa Rangan, Non-Executive Non-Independent Director, Sunil Behan Mathur, Non-Executive Independent Director and Manish Maheshwari, Managing Director have vide their respective letters resigned  from the Board of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Hindustan Oil Exploration Company Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. R. Vasudevan, Non-Executive Independent Director and Chairman, Mr. V. Srinivasa Rangan, Non-Executive Non-Independent Director, Mr. Sunil Behan Mathur, Non-Executive Independent Director and Mr. Manish Maheshwari, Managing Director have vide their respective letters resigned from the Board of the Company with immediate effect.Source : BSE

Lakshmi Automatic Loom Works appoints A. Doraiswamy as CEOOct 09, 2014, 09.31 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Lakshmi Automatic Loom Works appoints A. Doraiswamy as CEO
Lakshmi Automatic Loom Works has informed that Mr. A. Doraiswamy has been appointed as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company with effect from October 01, 2014 by the Board of Directors at their meeting held on September 18, 2014, pursuant to Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made there under.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Lakshmi Automatic Loom Works appoints A. Doraiswamy as CEO
Lakshmi Automatic Loom Works has informed that Mr. A. Doraiswamy has been appointed as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company with effect from October 01, 2014 by the Board of Directors at their meeting held on September 18, 2014, pursuant to Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made there under.
Post your opinion here
 
Lakshmi Automatic Loom Works Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. A. Doraiswamy has been appointed as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company with effect from October 01, 2014 by the Board of Directors at their meeting held on September 18, 2014, pursuant to Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made there under.Source : BSE

Icahn: Andreessen screwed more people than Casanovaicahn: andreessen screwed more people than casanova
Stocks spiral lower  Dow briefly drops 300 pointsThursday,  9 Oct 2014 |  4:09  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Correction watch: Is this the big one?
CNBC asks activist investor Carl Icahn and CNBC contributor Michael Farr whether Thursday's big stock market losses mean the big correction has finally arrived. The "Fast Money" traders weigh in.
U.S. stocks sank on Thursday, erasing all and more of the previous day's rally, as investors bypassed U.S. corporate earnings and economic reports to focus on global concerns, including Europe's softening economy.
"We've added global growth concerns on top of other headline risks, (such as) air strikes, Ebola," said Sean McCarthy, regional chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Private Bank.
Ahead of Wall Street's start, data showed a 5.8 percent drop in German exports in August, adding to downbeat numbers that had German industrial orders and output falling as well.
"Europe's growth is weak, and close to going into recessionary like conditions; everyone is waiting for the bazooka to be fired," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott.
Stocks furthered their losses after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said there are indications that the euro zone's economic growth is slowing and that central bankers should strive to boost inflation.
"To some extent we've lost the optimism that drove the markets higher over the course of the year, whether it's worry about the impact of people dying of the latest contagion, whether worry about what will happen when the Fed is no longer pumping money into the economy, or Europe and the slowing there," said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank.
After rising to 19.38, its highest level since Feb. 6, the CBOE Volatility Index , a measure of investor uncertainty, rose 24 percent to 18.76. The Russell 2000 Index of small-cap companies fell 2.7 percent.
Gap fell sharply after the retailer tallied disappointing sales in September and said its chief executive officer would depart; PepsiCo gained after hiking its outlook, and Apple rose after Carl Icahn called on the technology company to increase its share buybacks .
Read More Midday movers: Tesla, Apple, Yelp & more
The market's decline "certainly isn't any of the U.S. news; jobless claims continue to point to a sturdy labor market," Luschini said of the number of Americans filing for jobless benefits , which declined last week, with the four-month average hitting an eight-year low.
Separately, wholesale inventories rose 0.7 percent in August, compared to expectations of a 0.3 percent gain.
"We need to wipe out some valuation excess to de-rate to a level that is more indicative of this two-speed global economy, where the U.S. looks good but the rest of the world looks suspiciously weak," Luschini said.
Symbol

The roots of India s second republicThe roots of India s second republic
On campaign trail  Modi hits back at rivals over PakOn campaign trail  Modi hits back at rivals over Pak
Toll in Turkey s anti-IS protests rises to 24Toll in Turkey s anti-IS protests rises to 24
Hudhud  to take "very severe" turn in next 12hrs: IMDHudhud  to take "very severe" turn in next 12hrs: IMD
Taking Kurinji to tourists doorstepsTaking Kurinji to tourists’ doorsteps
PS Sundar
Tweet
Coonoor, October 9:  
 The Tamil Nadu State Horticulture department and the Nilgiris hospitality sector have taken efforts to help tourists see the unique Kurinji flower blossoming in the Nilgiris.
“Tourists have to travel a long distance to interior areas to witness hillocks now in purple because of the Kurinji blossom. 
“To help those who cannot do this, we have displayed flowers brought from such pockets in the Ooty Government Botanical Garden.  This will benefit visitors in the current autumn season,” Joint Director of Horticulture N Mani told BusinessLine. 
“Likewise, we welcome the initiative by the Gateway Hotel Coonoor to help tourists witness the bloom in its Kurinji lawn.  These are initiatives to bring Kurinji to tourists’ doorsteps,” he said. 
“Tourists get titbits of information such as the fact that the flower called Neela Kurinji in Tamil is associated with the naming of Neela Malai or Nilgiris from the video presentation at our reception area. They get value-addition when they witness the actual blossom in our Kurinji lawn. This is highly helpful to those on short stay,” Gateway General Manager R Muralidharan said.
 “Botanically, this shrub is called Strobilanthes kunthiana.  It grows in select pockets of the Western Ghats, including Nilgiris, with varying blossom cycles, from annual to 16 years, but mostly once in 12 years, which makes it unique.  It is uncommon in gardens,” Gateway Housekeeping Manager R Nagaraj explains to tourists.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Allow inter-operability of set-top boxes: JavadekarAllow inter-operability of set-top boxes: Javadekar
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 9:  
Cable television digitisation will provide consumers with greater choices and affordable and qualitative options, said Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar at the first meeting of the task force set up for phase-III and IV of the digitisation drive.
He said the overall objective was to be sensitive to the needs and choice of the consumer.
Consumer’s choice
“The choice of the consumer is paramount in defining the inputs, strategies and roadmap for the remaining phases of the digitisation process,” he said, adding that the process was an integral component of the Prime Minister’s Digital India initiative.
Javadekar also said that stakeholders needed to look into giving the option of interoperability of set-top boxes to the consumers, which would ensure that consumers can switch services between cable and direct-to-home services, without changing set top boxes.
The Ministry has set a deadline of December 2015 for phase III and December 2016 for phase-IV of digitisation. It is estimated that nearly 12 crore set-top boxes will be needed for these two phases.
Meanwhile, the Government is also looking at exempting free-to-air channels from the 12-minute ad cap rule.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

SBI to build database to fix wilful defaultersSBI to build database to fix wilful defaulters
K Ram Kumar
PK Malhotra, Deputy Managing Director, SBI
Some of the defaulters are let off for want of adequate evidence, says Deputy MD
Mumbai, October 9:  
To build watertight cases against wilful defaulters, State Bank of India is planning to create a database of such defaulters, highlighting the grey areas that they are taking advantage of.
Emphasising that his bank has been declaring borrowers as wilful defaulters for quite some time, PK Malhotra, Deputy Managing Director, said, “But there are many cases where we are not able to establish wilful default for want of evidence…
“There are certain grey areas. So, we will have a proper database within the bank where these grey areas will also be highlighted.”
A wilful defaulter, according to the Reserve Bank of India’s definition, is a borrower who deliberately does not pay his dues despite possessing adequate cash flow and good net worth and siphons off funds to the detriment of the defaulting unit.
Such a defaulter also sells off assets purchased with bank loans and wrongly utilises the proceeds, misrepresents/falsifies records, and resorts to fraudulent transactions.
Once a borrower is declared a wilful defaulter, he/she is debarred from accessing institutional finance. Also, banks and financial institutions can effect a change of management at the wilfully defaulting borrower’s unit and prevent the borrower and his unit from gaining access to the capital market.
Malhotra said: “We know that the fellow (borrower) has siphoned off money. But there is no proof in the sense that many cheques pass through the account, (and) many credits pass through the account.
“So, proper proof of this money having gone out, sometimes, is not available. Circumstantial evidence is there.”
So, the bank’s grievance redress committee (GRC), which is headed by a Managing Director, sometimes lets go off these people as adequate evidence has not been put up before it.
Dilatory tactics
Referring to dilatory tactics resorted to by borrowers to stall recovery proceedings, Malhotra said, “When we send a show-cause notice, we have to statutorily give him (borrower) 15 days time to reply.
“On the 14th day, the fellow will come up with some frivolous kind of objection, which will vitiate the recovery proceedings. So, we again have to give him time (to reply).”
For example, there was this borrower, who said on the 12th day that all the enclosures are illegible. Now, many of the show-cause notices that banks send have 100-150 pages attached to them.
“Most of them (pages), to my eyes, are perfectly legible. But this guy says they are illegible. He will not point out which portion is illegible. However, we send the same lot, with better photocopy, etc., to him once again. Then again on the 12th or 13th day, he will come up with some objection,” explained Malhotra.
Then, just before the GRC meeting, the borrower will send a letter along with a medical certificate stating that he is hospitalised. Now, the GRC cannot meet everyday. So, the bank has to give the borrower another date for hearing.
“We are trying to get over this dilatory tactic by actually sending the Debt Recovery Agent to the hospital to find out if the borrower is there or not.
“This is to ensure that whosoever is required to come before the GRC, he comes. And if the person doesn’t show up, then based on available evidence, he is declared a wilful defaulter,” said Malhotra.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Getting to Mars through jugaadUpdated: October 8, 2014 01:32 IST
Getting to Mars through ‘jugaad’
Karine Schomer
Tweet
The Hindu INNOVATIVE FIX: ISRO built the final model of the orbiter from the start instead of building a series of iterative models, as NASA does. Picture shows scientists and engineers working on the Mars Orbiter vehicle in 2013 at ISRO’s satellite centre in Bangalore. Photo: V. Sreenivasa Murthy
SLIDESHOW
space programme
India’s Mars mission was made possible by less expensive engineering talent willing to work round the clock and the use of ingenious improvisation to cope with resource constraints
Ten months after its flawless launch on November 5, 2013, when India’s Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) successfully entered orbit around Mars, most of the western world greeted the event with astonishment. A cartoon in the New York Times even went on to ridicule India’s effort to enter the global space elite — of the U.S., Europe and Russia — by symbolically referring to it with the image of a farmer, accompanied by a cow, knocking on the door of the elite space club. The newspaper has rightly apologised for its portrayal of India.
The country’s technological feat, accomplished two days after U.S.’ National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) project MAVEN orbiter reached the Red Planet, might well have some lessons to offer to other developed countries on the Indian style of innovative fix or ‘jugaad’ as they call it.
Lessons from India
What made it possible for India to become the first Asian nation to accomplish its Mars mission on its maiden attempt? What fundamental strength of the Indian way of getting things done, and approach to innovation, accounts for this achievement on a shoestring budget: only $74 million compared to NASA’s $671 million for the MAVEN project? What can NASA learn from the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO)? What can the mature developed economies of the world learn from what has been accomplished in the resource-constrained environment of an emerging economy?
A few months ago, I was invited to brief the NASA-ISRO Synthetic Aperture Radar (NISAR) project team at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena, California. The NISAR team is working on a joint mission between NASA and ISRO to design and launch by 2020 a satellite with advanced radar imaging that will provide the capability for a unique space-based platform for long-term observations of the natural processes of the changing earth. The purpose of the briefing was to create awareness of cultural differences in thinking, communication, ways of working and management style that could potentially affect the success of this high-stakes bi-national undertaking.
At JPL, I met Alok Chatterjee, NISAR Mission Interface Manager and the main architect of this collaboration with India. He is also the man behind the earlier successful NASA-ISRO collaboration on the Chandrayaan-1 mission, and also helped set up JPL support on trajectory, navigation and manoeuvre validation and deep space coverage for ISRO’s MOM mission. He had also worked at ISRO for ten years before joining NASA/JPL.
Mr. Chatterjee and I had the opportunity to discuss at length differences in how projects are planned and carried out in India and the U.S., with special reference to ISRO and NASA/JPL, and how to make such project collaborations successful. With the well-documented story of the parallel launching of MOM and MAVEN the previous November, we had a high-profile case in point for a fundamental aspect of the Indian mindset that needs to be understood, appreciated and negotiated on a daily basis by all those who work with Indian partners and counterparts. This approach and way of thinking is superbly captured by India’s art of ingenious improvisation: jugaad.
A double-edged sword
Jugaad has come to refer to a habit of mind, born out of historical scarcity and an environment of uncertainty, which emphasises ad hoc improvisation and flexibility as a way of getting things done. Jugaad means different things in different contexts, but it’s fundamentally the art of “making things work” in the immediate present circumstances, without necessarily being concerned about long-term sustainability or systemic impacts. Jugaad enables people to come up with quick, innovative and low-cost ways of solving problems, and to make something works even when conventional wisdom says it isn’t possible. It’s a philosophy that is at the heart of Indian entrepreneurial energy and optimism.
There are myriad examples of jugaad in action in India at the level of everyday work style as well as fundamental attitude and belief. What each reveals is that in the Indian environment, flexibility and “playing it by ear” is not only habitual, and often a matter of necessity, but is considered a strength rather than a weakness. Historically, under feudalism, colonialism and — later on — the “bureaucracy raj” of the first 40 years of independent India, the ability to work around the system, to improvise and to circumvent the rules, was often required for any kind of success.
Of course, jugaad is a double-edged sword. Social commentators and management theorists in India line up on opposite sides of an ongoing and heated national debate about the pros and cons of the jugaad approach. For some, jugaad is “an Indian commodity ripe for export,” while for others it’s an attitude that can mean choosing expediency over long-term effectiveness.
It’s not surprising then to see Indian commentary on the Mars Orbiter Mission phrased in terms of jugaad. But for Mr. Chatterjee, “Jugaad is the Indian approach of getting the maximum out of spending the least amount of resources, including time. And while jugaad cannot defy the laws of physics in getting a complex space mission like MOM accomplished, it is definitely a time-tested approach that has proved applicable to processes for achieving the mission’s accelerated goals.”
India’s “space venture on a shoestring” was thus made possible not only by less expensive engineering talent willing to work around the clock, but also by using ingenious improvisation to cope successfully with resource constraints and exceptionally tight timelines. ISRO built the final model of the orbiter from the start instead of building a series of iterative models, as NASA does. They limited the number of ground tests. They used components and building blocks from earlier and concurrent missions. They also circumvented the lack of a rocket powerful enough to launch the satellite directly out of the earth’s gravitational pull by having the satellite orbit the earth for a month to build up enough speed to break free from the earth’s gravitational pull.
Right now, in the afterglow of India’s space age triumph, the strengths of the jugaad philosophy seem vindicated. But had the MOM story ended differently, in failure, as have 30 out of the 51 attempts the world has made to reach Mars, the talk in India today would be far different from Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s hailing of the mission as “a shining symbol of what we are capable of as a nation.” There would be questioning of whether the national genius for low-cost improvised innovation and ingenious workaround solutions — jugaad — is indeed the key to a successful future.
(Karine Schomer is President of Change Management Consulting & Training.)

Slump is over  time for growth: IMFeconomy (general)
It upped its 2014 India growth forecast to 5.6 per cent
In what could be good news to the Modi government, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has said India has recovered from the economic slowdown. It expects economic growth to increase in the rest of 2014 and in 2015, spurred by a continuing pick-up in exports and investments that it projects will more than offset the effect of an unfavourable monsoon on agricultural growth.
In the World Economic Outlook released by it here on Tuesday, the IMF projected slightly stronger growth in India in 2014 than its April Outlook projection — from 5.4 per cent to 5.6 per cent — and kept its 2015 projection unchanged at 6.4 per cent.
Optimistic
The Reserve Bank of India, in contrast, has said India has not fully recovered yet from the slowdown. The IMF India forecast is more optimistic than that of the RBI, which, on September 30, said it expected growth during the remaining of 2014 to slow from the 5.7 per cent recorded in April-June and not to pick up before December.
“India has recovered from the slump thanks to policy decisions and renewed confidence,” Olivier Blanchard, IMF Chief Economist, said at a press conference on the Outlook’s release here.
Structural reforms should continue in all economies, though the agenda varies across countries, the Outlook recommended. For India, it specifically recommended improvement of investment conditions.
The Outlook cut its world Gross Domestic Product growth to 3.3 per cent in 2014 and 3.8 per cent in 2015. The forecasts in April were 3.4 per cent for 2014 and 4 per cent in 2015. The Outlook, however, projects that the uneven global recovery is likely to continue despite setbacks.
World growth in the first half of 2014 was less than the levels the IMF projected in its April Outlook, reflecting a number of negative surprises such as unexpected weaker GDP growths in both China and the U.S. during January-April and rising geopolitical risks.
However, the Outlook notes that China has implemented measures to buttress its economy which have supported faster growth in April-June. The IMF’s China 2014 growth forecast remains unchanged at 7.4 per cent. The 2015 forecast too remains at the April level of 7.1 per cent.
“The world forecast is down starting with already low numbers, but it hides different economies are at different levels of adjustments [to the post Lehman 2008 collapse global economic slowdown] with some struggling still while others already or nearly recovered,” Mr. Blanchard told reporters here.
Growth in emerging markets and developing economies is projected to increase modestly in the second half of 2014 and into 2015, supported by stronger domestic demand for goods and services as well as a recovery in external demand arising out of faster growth in advanced economies.

Gulf Oil ties up with M&MUpdated: October 8, 2014 22:20 IST
Gulf Oil ties up with M&M
Special Correspondent
merger, acquisition and takeover
Gulf Oil Lubricants India, a part of the Hinduja group, and Mahindra & Mahindra have announced a partnership under which Gulf Oil Lubricants will manufacture and supply ‘Mahindra Genuine Oil.’ This would be under the brand name, Mahindra M-Star Super, for its dealer workshop network along with Mahindra-Gulf co-branded lubricant line for the Bazaar segment, which would be under the brand name, Gulf XHD M Tractor, based on M&Ms MKM (Mileage ka Master) platform, a statement from Gulf Oil Lubricants India said.

Alcatel-Lucent bets big on video servicestelevision industry
Senses opportunity in Indian market
French network equipment maker Alactel-Lucent expects India to be the next big market after Europe for cloud Digital Video Recording (DVR) services, a top official said.
“With the emergence of fibre optic network, India is a progressive market for such services,” Paul Larbey, President, Video Business Unit of Alcatel-Lucent, said.
Cloud DVR enables broadband operators and PayTV players to deliver video contents which customers can watch on their own schedules at any location and on any device they choose. In cloud DVR, programmes recorded by users are stored in remote servers instead of set-top boxes (STB). “The concept of set-top boxes will go out and will be replaced by smart devices like tablets, smart TV, Apple TV,” Mr. Larbey said.
He said that the firm was in close negotiations with Indian players. He expected things to shape up in the next 12 months. “We have seen incredible interest in the past 6-9 months. Trials are ongoing,” he added.
Alactel-Lucent also would ramp up its head count at its development centre in Chennai, which has played a key role in its global video service end-to-end delivery.
The firm would increase its head count to over 100 from 75 by next year.

Companies still hesitate to take ERP  finance apps on public cloud: surveybusiness (general)
Customer experience (51 per cent) and automating processes (41 per cent) are the key drivers for companies in India for adoption of new technologies.
Cloud adoption in the country may be on the rise, but companies are still hesitant of running ERP, financial planning and compliance applications on public cloud due to concerns over security of data, according to a survey by technology firm EMC.
The survey found that customer experience (51 per cent) and automating processes (41 per cent) were the key drivers for companies in India for adoption of new technologies (social, mobility, analytics and cloud or SMAC).
About 91 per cent of the CIOs interviewed said the SMAC stack would provide a competitive advantage for their organisation. However, there were few takers of public cloud due to security concerns.
“While 42 per cent said they would not hesitate putting enterprise resource planning on public cloud, 31 per cent said the same for financial planning app on public cloud,” EMC President (India and SAARC) Rajesh Janey said.
He added that 76 per cent of the CIOs felt that hybrid cloud (mix of public and private cloud) allowed for a higher level of agility and security.
Cloud computing facilitates sharing of technological resources, software and digital information.
It operates on a pay-per-use model, helping companies cut costs as they do not have to invest heavily on infrastructure.

SEBI plans to roll out more measures to help SMEsUpdated: October 8, 2014 22:38 IST
SEBI plans to roll out more measures to help SMEs
Special Correspondent
The Hindu U. K. Sinha, Chairman, SEBI with Naina Lal Kidwai, Chairperson - India, HSBC at the CAPAM 2014 conference held in Mumbai today. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
financial and business service
The Securities and Exchange Board of India will be introducing more measures to help the small and medium enterprises (SME) sector in raising finances, Chairman U. K. Sinha said here on Wednesday.
Earlier initiatives for SMEs in 2003 and 2009 were not successful, but a new set of measures taken in early 2012 had borne fruit. In a span of two years, 71 companies got listed on the SME platform and raised finances of about Rs.600 crore, said Mr. Sinha while inaugurating CAPAM 2014, organised here by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI).
By a thumb rule, the market capital of these companies was Rs.2,500–Rs.3,000 crore.
“To my mind, while the promoters are willing to put in money, their full potential is not being realised whether it is sales or profit growth because they have a serious problem in raising finances when they need it. Keeping this in mind, SEBI came out with a set of regulations about an SME platform,” he explained. Mr. Sinha also noted that there was a hugely optimistic mood in the country as compared to the sentiment during last year’s conference. The lowest figure of growth projection is now 5.5 per cent with World Bank and IMF figures of 5.6 per cent. This is despite forecasts of a mediocre global growth rate.
“Look at our markets. In one year, the returns are about 30 per cent. FII flows during the current year have been around $34 billion; and in the financial year clearly it has been about $25 billion. Going by the trend, I wouldn’t be surprised if we end the current year by an all time record number. This is a remarkable thing for our country to have achieved in less than one year,” he added.
H. R. Khan, Deputy Governor, RBI, said India’s development plans needed to be financed with long-term capital.
According to him, currently the investment regime is complex and multifaceted. There are push and pull factors in the market. India’s market size, the openness of its economy and its growth prospects are huge pull factors. The push factors include global liquidity.
While addressing a session on ‘Real Estate and Infrastructure Financing’, R. Gandhi, Deputy Governor, RBI, said “we do recognise that real estate has lot of linkages for the growth of the economy, but it has its own potential to create asset bubbles, and because of that we need to be extra careful in supporting this segment.” He further stated that real estate is therefore treated as a sensitive sector and is closely monitored by the RBI.

Sterling Holiday merger with Thomas Cook gets nodUpdated: October 8, 2014 22:40 IST
Sterling Holiday merger with Thomas Cook gets nod
Special Correspondent
merger, acquisition and takeover
The shareholders of Sterling Holiday Resorts (India) Ltd. (SHRIL), on Wednesday, approved the scheme of arrangement and amalgamation with Thomas Cook Insurance Services (India) Ltd. and Thomas Cook (India) Ltd. A resolution to this effect was passed at the court-appointed meeting, which was chaired by advocate V. Kangasundaram. The scheme will come into force from April 1, 2014.

Blippar comes to IndiaNEW DELHI, October 8, 2014
Updated: October 8, 2014 22:36 IST
Blippar comes to India
PDAs and smartphones
Eyes 3-5 million users in 12 months
Aiming to make a mark in the burgeoning augmented reality market, visual browser Blippar, on Wednesday, entered the Indian market. It aims to partner about 50 big brands in the country to help them offer marketing campaigns with rich and engaging content.
Blippar, using augmented reality technology, allows smartphone users to point their phones’ cameras at certain objects — be it a print advertisement or even a can of aerated drink — to start videos or offer product info.
“Blippar sees enormous potential in India and the rest of Asia, and is eager to reinforce its presence in the region. As the location of our first Asian office and as a country with a huge, young population boasting a keen interest in new technologies, the Indian market is crucial to Blippar,” Blippar Founder and CEO Ambraish Mitra said. It counts global brands such as L’Oreal, Universal Pictures and Jaguar among its clients. It plans to add about 3-5 million users for its app in India. The company, which has about 25 people in India, is also looking at introducing a solution that will work on mobile connections with low Internet speed. “In markets like India, connectivity and speed is an issue. Many people are still using 2G. A new product will be out in the next 4-6 weeks to take care of that issue,” he said.
Besides, Blippar was in discussion with telecom operators and handset makers here to reach a larger base of smartphone users, he added.
Founded in the U.K. in 2011, Blippar today has over 50 million unique users (post acquiring another AR player, Layar, in June) and over 50 million global interactions.
It has presence in the U.S., the U.K., Spain, Turkey, Japan, the Netherlands and Benelux countries and has conducted projects across other countries as well.

Allergan: threes company© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/daab7abe-4f06-11e4-9c88-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Data Mining: The Consumer Becoming the Consumedreddit
Does it feel like someone is always watching you? Have you noticed the same ads showing up no matter where you go online? And they all try to sell you stuff that has very little to do with your actual interests?
Jason Feifer over at FastCo recently challenged Facebook to show him ads that he might actually like.
Not only do I love his take on it - I would (almost) pay to see ads of something I would actually like to buy. For instance, earlier this week the ad showing up on my Facebook page was for the Dollar Shave Club. Guess their data didn't show that I use an electric razor.
Before that I had the NRA ad show up in a couple of my searches. They could not have been more off target in their "targeted" advertising.
My issues goes beyond the lack of targeted ads I get on Facebook and search engines though.
My issue is with their intent. Many of these organizations have turned into nothing more than the 21st century's mining companies, constantly mining for the next nugget of gold. And they mine so many and so deep that eventually they are able to sell cumulative data to advertising companies as a shiny object of empty promises.
The promise: long term relationships with a faceless consumer: you and me.
First, is this the new gold rush?
What happens when they realize it was nothing but fool's gold?
Secondly, this dramatically reduces the promise of social media to offer transparent ways for us to connect and build relationships to nothing more than data mining. The promise of connecting with my community and endless information has turned into counting the coins of each piece of data to make our lives easier.
Or so I am told.
But I suspect this might have more to do with dollars than relationships.
While they view me as a piece of data to be mined, what I experience is a lot more personal. This mining is akin to stalking and a complete lack of privacy. They find everything about me online. They follow my digital moves. They have access to my photos, videos and even know my friends. They know the places I visit and where I buy my milk.
Then they follow me.
Yet I know nothing about them.
Transparency is a two way mirror and responsible companies have embraced that as a part and parcel of what makes them responsible. That my knowledge OF them is a key element of my trust IN them. But data mining is a one-way relationship. Facebook and others can dig around our data because they know we won't follow each and every single new tweak they make to the privacy agreement. But we know little about them.
How much taxes do they pay? Do they pay a fair rate? Where do they source their energy from? Do they source all or some of their energy from clean energy sources? We get information in drips and drabs. A little bit like pulling teeth. What about key metrics on diversity among their ranks, executive pay, political contributions, community involvement and their stand on climate change - try and see if you can find it as easy as they can find the name of my favorite football (soccer) team - go Reds!
It is frustrating and a reflection of the power companies hold over us without being fully invested in forming a relationship with us. We have become what they consume.
From being the empowered consumer, we have become the consumed. Everything we do, think, type, see, snap or tweet is consumed by these companies.
This isn't engagement. This is one-way traffic. This is us being consumed.
So here is my challenge to all these companies who want to consume me through my data:
I will buy your ad if I get to know as much about you by clicking through the ad as you know about me before you place the ad in my sight. Your income, your taxes, who you do business with, who you support politically, etc.
Report on it, talk about it, tweet about it, share it with us the way we share our preferences and information. That way you have something in this game and I can see that you're truly invested in my value as an empowered and vocal consumer.
Then I become more than a consumer. I become your partner. An asset.
As I write this, I'm already losing hope. Companies are quick to protect their own mining but slow in opening their data to the public.
Yet, they wonder why trust in them is going down faster than a trolley in the mines.
Follow Henk Campher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AngryAfrican
More:

When You Tell an Employee  Family Comes First   Do You Mean Itreddit
'At this organization, family comes first.'
This phrase is used so commonly by companies recruiting employees that its weight and meaning have almost disappeared. Don't get me wrong. The words carry the most noble of intentions. But this is one of those claims that's often uttered and rarely embraced.
In honor of National Work and Family Month, which is being celebrated throughout October, it's time to take a look at whether we -- as business owners -- are living up to our end of the bargain. When we tell employees 'family comes first,' do our actions really match our words?
New Report on Marriage
Recently released information from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that for the first time in American history more than half of the adult population is single . More than one in two American adults are not legally attached right now and 30 percent of the have never married at all.
Does that mean fewer employees have a family life outside the office than ever before? No, it doesn't.
I didn't see this report and assume that most of my employees are now going home to an empty apartment. But I will tell you this: my first reaction was to look at my HR policies and make sure they said what I intended for them to say.
'Family' is Fluid
Family is an interesting concept. It's not a word with a finite, concrete definition. Decades ago, it pretty much meant a man, a woman, a marriage certificate and probably a few kids. But in 2014, that's an antiquated idea. Today, families exist in endless variety. Some involve marriage. Some involve legal guardianship. Some involve domestic partnership. And some involve none of these things.
As the business community, it's our responsibility to make sure that the support systems we provide to our employees and their families reflect the times. Even as progressive as we consider ourselves as a nation, the reality is that we live in a world where one third of the Fortune 500 still don't extend healthcare benefits to same sex couples.
So when we tell employees that our benefits and support structures are family-friendly, we need to make sure we're right.
Giving Employees What They Need
The leaders of every company operating today need to take a long look in the mirror and answer a few simple questions:
1. Are we giving our employees the emotional, physical and practical support they need to be successful?
2. What benefits and support do we extend to dependents and families?
3. Are these things available to all families, or just some?
4. And is this really how we want it?
When we offer certain benefits and well-being programs to families that fit the 1950s definition, we need to make sure the same holds true for those that meet the 2014 standard. That's not statement grounded in politics or religious ideology. It's simply a reflection of an evolving reality in the business world.
Employees are more diverse than ever. What we do for one, we should do for all. If we don't, business will suffer because good employees won't work for organizations that play favorites for very long.
So next time you tell a new hire or a job candidate 'at this organization, family comes first,' make sure your actions -- and your policies -- speak as loud as your words.
Follow Dean Debnam on Twitter: www.twitter.com/WorkplaceOption
More:

Veteran journalist MV Kamath no moreVeteran journalist MV Kamath no more
Our Bureau
Veteran journalist MV Kamath turned 93 last month. (Above) A picture from the celebrations at Manipal University.
THE HINDU File photo of veteran journalist M.V. Kamath.
THE HINDU ARCHIVES In the UN office of the Press Trust of India, M.V. Kamath (right), then accredited UN correspondent for the Indian news agency, exchanging views with Anatoly Saveliev, accredited UN correspondent for the TASS News Agency (USSR). (Published on December 22, 1957) PHOTO: The Hindu Archives
Mangalore, Oct 9:  
Veteran journalist Madhav Vittal Kamath, popularly known as MV Kamath, died in Kasturba Hospital in Manipal on Thursday morning. He was 93.
Quoting Dr (Col) M Dayananda, Medical Superintendent and COO of Kasturba Hospital, Manipal, a press release issued by Manipal University said: “He died of cardiac arrest at 7.30 am. He was suffering from spondylosis for some time.”
The funeral will be held on Thursday evening. His body will be kept for public viewing at Nutana Ravindra Mandapa at MGM College in Uudpi from 1 pm to 4 pm, and will then be taken to his ancestral house in Kadabettu in Udupi. It will be kept there for an hour after which the funeral will be held.
Education
Born on September 7, 1921, in Udupi, he had his education in St Cecily’s Convent, Christian High School, and Board High School in Udupi, and Government College in Mangalore. He got his degree in chemistry and physics from St Xavier’s College in the then Bombay in 1941.
Chemist to journalist
He began work as a dye chemist in Bombay in 1941 and switched to pharmaceuticals and served as an analytical chemist. He went on to become an assistant factory manager at Oriental Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
His journey as a journalist began in 1946 as a reporter for the Free Press Journal in Bombay. Later, he was sent to Delhi as a special correspondent, covering the Constituent Assembly and the trial of Nathuram Godse.
He was present at the ceremony announcing India's Independence at midnight on August 14, 1947.
He served as editor-in-charge of the Free Press Journal from 1950 to 1955.
Kamath was appointed as special correspondent of the Press Trust of India (PTI) at the United Nations, New York, from 1955-1958.
He served as European correspondent of the Times of India at Bonn in Germany from 1959-63, and served as Sunday editor of the Times of India from 1967-1969. He was the Washington correspondent of the paper from 1969-1978.
He served as editor of the Illustrated Weekly of India from 1978-1981.
Kamath was a board member of the Dr TMA Pai Foundation, and member of the board of management of Manipal University. He was the Chairman of Prasar Bharathi for some years.
Kamath held honorary directorship of the School of Communication of Manipal University since its inception in 1997. Kamath celebrated his 93rd birthday with the faculty and students of the school last month.
He was awarded the Padma Bhushan for his contribution to Indian journalism in 2004.
Books
Kamath wrote over 45 books on different topics, the latest being one on Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
He had also written the history of five banks -- Canara Bank, Corporation Bank, Syndicate Bank, Saraswath Co-operative Bank, Shamrao Vittal Co-operative Bank.
Condolence
Ramdas M Pai, Chancellor of the University, said in his death Manipal University has lost a treasure. He was greatly responsible for the growth of the School of Communication, which is today among the best communication schools in the country. He would be missed by students and faculty alike, Pai said.
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

TalentPad raises funding from Helion AdvisorsUpdated: October 9, 2014 16:44 IST
TalentPad raises funding from Helion Advisors
N. Ravi Kumar
Tweet
Technology focused venture fund Helion Advisors has invested in online recruitment platform TalentPad.
This is the first round of institutional fund, details of which were not disclosed, raising by TalentPad. The company intends to use to drive marketing initiatives and bolster its management team. Ritesh Banglani, partner, Helion, will join the board of the company.
On Thursday, in a press release, Mr. Banglani said for Helion consumer internet services remain a priority investment sector. “We are always on the lookout for innovative plays in large, established markets like recruitment,” he said.
Given the huge demand-supply gap in the recruitment segment, particularly at the higher end of technology driven businesses, TalentPad, he said, is “ideally poised to meet the emerging opportunity.”
Co-founded in February 2014 by IIT and IIM alumnus, Mayank Jain, Nikhil Vij and Raghav Jain, TalentPad works with 150 companies across sectors like e-commerce, online media, mobile, enterprise SaaS and online education.
The engagement model of the company is unique, seeking to reverse the traditional job equation by looking at the recruitment problem from a candidate perspective. While the services are free for candidates, companies pay a percentage of the gross salary, as fee, for every candidate hired, the release said. The client list of TalentPad includes InMobi, MakeMyTrip, Snapdeal, Myntra and BookMyShow.
Mr. Jain, co-founder and CEO of TalentPad said, “The funding from Helion will help us strengthen our marketing to attract the best talent and the best recruiters to our platform…” The company plans to leverage Helion’s knowhow of the consumer internet segment for its growth.
For Helion, which has over $600 million under management and invests in technology-powered businesses, the investment in TalentPad marks its entry into online recruitment space. The focus of Helion has so far been on sectors like consumer internet, mobile, outsourcing and enterprise technology products. Its portfolio include Ezetap, Pubmatic, Komli, Kirusa, Linguanext, RapidValue, Seclore, WorkSpot, TaxiForSure and Yepme.

India is an amazing country with unlimited potential: Zuckerbergcomputing and information technology
Announces million dollar fund to start innovation challenge
For Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, India is more than just a big market. It is a test bed where he hopes to enable the development of tools and ideas that can be useful for the entire world.
To make this happen, Mr. Zuckerberg announced a million dollar fund to start an innovation challenge in India. The fund will be made available to developers of applications, websites and online services that improve lives of women, students, farmers and migrant workers.
“Because India has embraced science, research and development, benefits of bringing connectivity to India are going to be profound. When you bring Internet to India, you are empowering people to build tools that can really benefit the world,” he said.
Mr. Zuckerberg is also interested in bringing a while host of initiatives into India, including a scheme that will offer basic Internet services free of cost in collaboration with telecom operators and handset makers. This will allow people to browse selected health, employment and local information websites without data charges.
During his two-day visit, Mr. Zuckerberg will meet Bharti Group Chairman Sunil Mittal and Micromax founder Rahul Sharma to push this agenda.
“India is an amazing country with unlimited potential. It is a place of big ambitions, and Facebook is deeply committed to the country,” Mr. Zuckerberg said.
With 100 million users, India is now the second biggest market for Facebook after the U.S. But lack of Internet connectivity across the country is a major concern for the company’s future growth. Mr. Zuckerberg said that Facebook was experimenting with satellites and solar powered drones to make available cheaper Internet access to countries like India. “If you can do it successfully in India then you can do it anywhere else,” he said.
To meet Modi
Mr. Zuckerberg will also meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad to discuss how Facebook can help with the Digital India mission.
Facebook is also working with the government on using its platform to spread awareness about the Clean India drive. “Facebook is the biggest Internet service worldwide, and there are unique things where we can help out,” he said.

Ask Matt: Where 2014 s profit growth is fromAP
Q: Where’s this year’s profit growth coming from?
A: Investors are understandably focused on third-quarter earnings reports right now. The season just kicked off. But investors looking at the big picture look for the sectors that are driving growth over a longer-period of time.
Analysts see the biggest profit growth coming from just three sectors this year: telecom, healthcare and technology, says S&P Capital IQ. Telecom stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500,  a small group with fewer members in it than other sectors, is expected to post nearly 18% earnings growth this year, says S&P Capital IQ. Much of that growth is back-loaded in the year, as analysts currently see telecom companies putting up 28% growth in the fourth quarter.
The next biggest source of earnings growth is healthcare. The sector has been benefiting from the explosive growth of biotech companies, which seem to be routinely stumbling on blockbuster drugs. Analysts see healthcare earnings growth to be 14.8% in 2014. And that number could prove too conservative if  biotech keeps blowing away estimates. Finally, there’s technology. Analysts see tech companies delivering 10.6% earnings growth during the year. Interestingly, analysts have gotten increasingly bullish about tech earnings over the course of the year.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Tianhe: chemical reaction© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/b2ba8ffe-4f88-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Links: Putin  Germany and paper airplanesEMAIL
(Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
Russia is now a feudal system where businessmen are only nominal owners of their assets, says Sergei Pugachev, once so close to President Vladimir Putin that he was known as “the Kremlin’s banker.”
German exports tumbled 5.8% in August , the latest in a string of bad reports from what was Europe’s strongest economy.
Housing prices in London have fallen for the first time in four years.
The U.S. budget deficit fell by nearly a third during fiscal 2014 to $486 billion as federal revenues grew far faster than spending, the Congressional Budget Office said on Wednesday.
Manufacturing wages are rising in some states, as demand grows and skilled laborers become harder to find . Biggest jumps were in Texas, Oregon and Washington.
Allergan, maker of Botox and object of Valeant’s affection, boosted its earnings outlook for the third quarter and the long term.
Bill Gross has left Pimco, but he hasn’t taken much of the $23.5 billion that left the company in September. The Janus Unconstrained Bond fund, which Gross now manages, got $66.4 million last month, says Morningstar.
Fidelity Investments has entered the actively managed bond arena with three new offerings: Fidelity Total Bond ETF (ticker: FBND), Fidelity Limited Term Bond ETF (FLTB) and Fidelity Corporate Bond ETF (FCOR).
Why companies break up . (Hint: It’s not because they’re well-managed.)
Do you want a machine gun that fires paper airplanes? Of course you do.

Pressure rises on Turkey to hit IsisWest pushes for Turkish intervention to save Kobani
By Borzou Daragahi in Cairo and Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c6d59230-4fa2-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maharashtra polls: Modi takes BJP campaign to Pawar fortress BaramatiMaharashtra: Shiv Sena ready to go with BJP's choice of CM
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

KPIT Technologies  Q2 results on Oct 21  2014KPIT Technologies  Q2 results on Oct 21  2014
A president with no boots on the groundObama aide’s memoirs show a president with no boots on the ground
By Robert Shrimsley
Barack Obama has resolved to think very carefully before he even considers making a decision
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d2e20c0e-4e29-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maharashtra polls: EC serves notice to 7 candidates over paid news21
0
Parbhani: The Election Commission's district media certification and monitoring committee (MCMC) has served notices for paid news to seven candidates after it was found that news published in several newspapers was "similar".
Notices have been served to Maharashtra Assembly election candidates of Congress, NCP, BJP, Shiv sena, RPI, Shivsangram, MNS as well as independents following a directive issued by Election Officer SP Singh.
The candidates have been asked to file a clarification in the next 48 hours on why "similar" news stories should not be considered advertisements and expenditure incurred in getting them published must not be included as their election expenses.
Notices have been served to Maharashtra Assembly election candidates of Congress, NCP, BJP, Shiv sena, RPI, Shivsangram, MNS as well as independents.

Haryana polls: Ex-CM Chautala says not afraid of going to jail after court summons him3
0
Chandigarh: Unfazed by Delhi High Court summons, INLD President Om Parkash Chautala today said he was not afraid of going to jail as his family has history of "struggling for people's interests".
"I am not afraid of jail. When I was born, my father (late Devi Lal) was lodged in Lahore jail. We gave jobs to teachers, but Congress hatched a well-planned conspiracy and we had to go to jail...
"Jail is not new for us as we have been jailed earlier in our struggle to protect people's interests. What is sad, however, is that we have been portrayed as criminals for giving jobs," he said at poll rallies at Jhajjar and some other places.
Chautala's remark came hours after the Delhi High Court direction to appear before it on Friday on CBI's plea for cancellation of his bail.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #om prakash chautala #cbi #bail plea
Chautala's remark came hours after the Delhi High Court directed him to appear before it on Friday on CBI's plea for cancellation of his bail and immediate surrender for allegedly violating bail conditions.
The INLD leader, who has been convicted and sentenced to 10 years jail term in a recruitment scam involving 3,200 teachers in Haryana, is out on bail on health grounds.
The 79-year-old former chief minister said that during the Emergency period, he had remained in jail for 19 months along with his father.
He said in Jhajjar that if his party forms the government, then on the first day itself, he will offer 3.20 lakh jobs.
Chautala, whose party is eyeing to wrest power in Haryana after ten years, also took a swipe at Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who during a poll rally in Kurukshetra a few days back had asked the INLD supremo whether he does not even trust his sons.
Modi had taken a dig at Chautala for saying that he will take oath from Tihar jail and questioned him whether the INLD leader did not trust his sons even.
"In Haryana, there is a culture that till the time parents are living, such responsibilities (handing over reins of power) are not entrusted to children. And I don't have just two sons, entire Haryana is my family," Chautala retorted.
1

Ghaziabad: District administrators prepare list of tax evaders3
0
Ghaziabad: District administration has prepared a list of top 217 tax evaders and in case of default in payment of arrears of their municipal taxes, it is planning to initiate stern action against them.
After assuming the additional charge of Municipal Commissioner of Nagar Nigam Ghaziabad, District Magistrate Vimal Kumar Sharma told reporters that a list of big defaulters is being readied and in case of their default to make payments, Recovery Certificates (RCs) will be issued to them.
In case of non-payment, recovery proceedings will be initiated against them and tax arrears will be recovered as arrears of land revenue, he said.
Additional Municipal Commissioner D K Sinha said that a list of 217 tax evaders has been prepared upon whom tax arrears amount is more than one lakh.
"There is a long list of politically influential persons, business tycoons and industrial houses who have evaded payment of house tax, water tax, sewer tax and property tax since long time," he said.
"None of them will be spared irrespective of their political affiliations," Sharma added.
Additional Municipal Commissioner D K Sinha said that a list of top 217 tax evaders has been prepared upon whom tax arrears amount is more than one lakh.
Another separate list has been made of newly-developed free-hold colonies, in which house tax has not yet been levied.
A report will be sent to the Municipal Commissioner in this regard, Sinha added.
1

VVIP chopper deal: I am relieved  says SP Tyagi4
0
New Delhi: Facing a CBI probe for his alleged role in the Rs 3600 crore VVIP chopper scam, former IAF chief SP Tyagi on Thursday said that he was relieved by the verdict of an Italian court which acquitted two former CEOs of Finmeccannica of corruption charges in the case there.
"I am relieved but knowing the Indian system, I do not know how relieved I should be," he said while reacting to the Italian court's verdict.
Seeking to give himself a clean chit in the case, he said, "Because one Italian gentleman said something (against me), the whole systems seem to have believed him and ordered a CBI probe into the case. But from day one, I knew that there was nothing wrong in this whole case."
"I am relieved but knowing the Indian system, I do not know how relieved I should be," former IAF chief SP Tyagi said.
#vvip chopper deal #sy tyagi #finmeccannica #augustwestlend
Talking to TV channels, he claimed that "political football" was being played despite knowing that there were two governments, two PMOs and two Defence Ministers involved in the process and the whole process that was followed before arriving at a decision. Tyagi sought to involve the armed forces to defend his case saying nobody defends the armed forces.
His cousin Rajiv Tyagi, who is also under the scanner of the investigative agencies for his alleged role in the case, said, "Not only me and my family are relived but saddened also by the conduct of the Indian officialdom which despite knowing the truth went ahead to malign us."
0

Board of Credit Analysis and Research appoints directorsBoard of Credit Analysis and Research appoints directors
City should be spared resident evilCity should be spared resident evil
By Jonathan Guthrie
Density of businesses within London’s financial district is its strength. Displace some, and you dilute the whole
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f7062de4-4fb5-11e4-908e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

German boards suffer female brain drainGerman boards suffer female brain drain
By Alice Ross
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8de49630-4fcd-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Timely advice! Beware  whipsaw  stock marketBeware the ‘whipsaw’ stock market
By: Adam Shell October 9, 2014 7:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchang on Oct. 8. The Dow bounced back more than 270 points after dropping sharply on Oct. 7. (Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
Down 273 points one day. Up 275 points the next.
Welcome to the Wild Wild Wall Street.
The Dow Jones industrial average has been behaving like it is suffering from bipolar disorder. One day the Dow plunges. The next day it soars. And the day after that it’s almost impossible to predict in the wacky world of Wall Street, where mood swings occur in the milliseconds it takes computers to place sell and buy orders.
In early trading today, the Dow’s yo-yo-like price action is again on display. The Dow is down more than 160 points, or 0.9%, to 16,831, following its best point gain of the year (+275 points) yesterday, which erased Tuesday’s 273-point decline.
The market has suddenly gone wild — week after week, month after month of boring price action, and mostly to the upside. But that’s all changed now. Volatility is back with a vengeance. That means one day’s gains can become tomorrow’s losses — with the market direction changing in a heartbeat by a troublesome headline, a comment from an influential banker, politician or money manager or the power of the investing herd.
In the new sign of the times, in the first six days of October the Dow has closed up or down more than 200 points on four occasions, with winning days and losing days tied 2-2.
In a yo-yo market like this, investors have to keep their cool, stick to their investment discipline and not make rash decisions from one day to the next. Because if you do, you run the risk of getting whipsawed, Wall Street’s version of a whiplash.
And these wild daily market fluctuations are expected to continue.
“We continue to believe that the shift in U.S. central bank policy – from certainty to uncertainty – is at the center of this storm impacting equity markets as of late,” says Gina Martin Adams, senior analyst at Wells Fargo Securities. “While the strong reversal in stocks yesterday may offer a welcome ‘all clear’ technical signal for the short run, we continue to believe it is likely to be a rocky path to progress for equities this autumn. Thus, until the path to (rate) normalization becomes clear, stocks may continue to trade in a relatively volatile pattern.”
So, take a deep breath. Sure, Wednesday’s 275-point Dow rally wipes out all of Tuesday’s losses. But it shouldn’t erase the memory of what Tuesday’s drop felt like when the Dow was in free fall. The market is confused right now. Federal Reserve support notwithstanding, the bull will tire at some point. The problem? Nobody knows exactly when. Stay diversified, my friend.

Naftogaz CEO:  Gazprom acts like Russian Armynaftogaz ceo:  gazprom acts like russian army
Stocks spiral lower  Dow plunges 300Thursday,  9 Oct 2014 |  4:09  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Correction watch: Is this the big one?
CNBC asks activist investor Carl Icahn and CNBC contributor Michael Farr whether Thursday's big stock market losses mean the big correction has finally arrived. The "Fast Money" traders weigh in.
U.S. stocks sank on Thursday, erasing all and more of the previous day's rally, as investors bypassed U.S. corporate earnings and economic reports to focus on global concerns, including Europe's softening economy.
"We've added global growth concerns on top of other headline risks, (such as) air strikes, Ebola," said Sean McCarthy, regional chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Private Bank.
Ahead of Wall Street's start, data showed a 5.8 percent drop in German exports in August, adding to downbeat numbers that had German industrial orders and output falling as well.
"Europe's growth is weak, and close to going into recessionary like conditions; everyone is waiting for the bazooka to be fired," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott.
Stocks furthered their losses after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said there are indications that the euro zone's economic growth is slowing and that central bankers should strive to boost inflation.
"To some extent we've lost the optimism that drove the markets higher over the course of the year, whether it's worry about the impact of people dying of the latest contagion, whether worry about what will happen when the Fed is no longer pumping money into the economy, or Europe and the slowing there," said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank.
After rising to 19.38, its highest level since Feb. 6, the CBOE Volatility Index , a measure of investor uncertainty, rose 24 percent to 18.76. The Russell 2000 Index of small-cap companies fell 2.7 percent.
Gap fell sharply after the retailer tallied disappointing sales in September and said its chief executive officer would depart; PepsiCo gained after hiking its outlook, and Apple rose after Carl Icahn called on the technology company to increase its share buybacks .
Read More Midday movers: Tesla, Apple, Yelp & more
The market's decline "certainly isn't any of the U.S. news; jobless claims continue to point to a sturdy labor market," Luschini said of the number of Americans filing for jobless benefits , which declined last week, with the four-month average hitting an eight-year low.
Separately, wholesale inventories rose 0.7 percent in August, compared to expectations of a 0.3 percent gain.
"We need to wipe out some valuation excess to de-rate to a level that is more indicative of this two-speed global economy, where the U.S. looks good but the rest of the world looks suspiciously weak," Luschini said.
Symbol

HC directive on plea to close liquor shops on highwaysHC directive on plea to close liquor shops on highways
New opportunities in egg sectorNew opportunities in egg sector
G Chandrashekhar
Tweet
Mumbai, October 9:  
Friday is World Egg Day and India has reason to celebrate. With production in 2013 estimated at 69.7 billion, India is the world’s fourth largest egg producer.
Despite expanding output of protein-rich foods – milk, poultry, eggs, pulses, soyabean, and peanuts – protein use in the country has declined gradually in the last two decades.
Estimates suggest that protein use has declined from 65 gm a day in 1985 to about 55 gm currently. Fears that the country’s nutrition security is under threat are gaining ground.
With about 14 per cent average protein content, eggs are perhaps considerably less-expensive than milk or poultry meat as a protein source. With rising affordability and access to a wide variety of foods, people are now more willing to eat eggs. The current per capita availability of eggs is a little over 50, rather low by western standards where the average is 300.
The Indian Council of Medical Research recommends 180 eggs as the per capita average that simply translates to a huge untapped potential. Currently, less than 10 per cent of the eggs produced is processed, primarily for export.
Consortium approach
Across the country, egg production takes place in clusters and small producers dominate. Those operating in clusters (for example Namakkal in Tamil Nadu) should explore a consortium approach to input sourcing and output marketing. Branding is nearly absent. One or two players have begun to brand their eggs and have met with some success. Newer market opportunities are also emerging; for instance, organic eggs.
Talking to BusinessLine, R Kannan, Marketing Manager of Kemin Industries South Asia, a solution provider for human and animal health, summed up the importance of eggs thus: “The egg is a perfectly balanced food that meets a variety of nutritional requirements and is affordable and easily available. According to the National Institute of Nutrition, consumption of just half egg a day contributes to maintaining good health. Hence, it is beneficial to make egg a part of daily diet.”
(This article was published on October 9, 2014)
Related

Scottish mansion tax to hit rich buyersScottish ‘mansion tax’ to hit rich buyers and investors
By Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/124cbe46-4fcb-11e4-a0a4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

