BS People: Ranjit SinhaBS People: Ranjit Sinha
Boeing tips China aviation to surpass USSeptember 4, 2014 12:09 pm
Boeing tips China to overtake US as biggest aviation market
By Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/57d76fa2-3418-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Martin Wolf on lessons yet to be learnt© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/152ccd58-3294-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India Post best for e-commerce delivery serv...Indian postal service
(Prasad said there is a need…)
NEW DELHI: Communication and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad today said India Post with the world's largest postal network is best suited to offer delivery services to e-commerce firms.
Prasad, who today met Probationers of the 2013 batch of the Indian Postal Service here, said there is a need to expose young officers to the latest developments and emerging trends in the postal and logistics sectors.
The Minister highlighted that the Digital India project, which aims to make broadband facility available in every village across the country, would drive up e-commerce business in villages.
With its unparalleled rural reach, India Post would be best suited to offer delivery services to e-commerce players, he added.
India Post has over 1.55 lakh post offices of which more than 1.39 lakh are in the rural areas. On an average, a post office serves an area of 21.21 sq. km and a population of 7,175 people.
According to market analysts, last-mile delivery of products ordered by online shoppers will figure as one of the major deciding factors for e-commerce firms like Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon, etc.
Firms are already offering one-day delivery and this will further intensify with firms investing hugely in logistics to ramp up their delivery system.
The opportunity in back-end logistics for online shopping segment is estimated to be about Rs 3,500-4,000 crore, a major part of which is last mile delivery.
According to a joint study by consultancy firm PwC and industry body Assocham, the size of the e-retail industry is poised to touch $10-20 billion by 2017-2020 and e-commerce firms are expected to spend up to $1.9 billion by 2017-2020 on infrastructure, logistics and warehousing.
Another report by consulting firm Technopak pegs the $2.3 billion e-tailing market to reach $32 billion by 2020.
Prasad said Post Office can also become a focal point for delivering not only government services but also e-services to the people as in e-service centres, apart from commercially remunerative services for corporate/private players including conducting market surveys, information dissemination, etc.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nokia launches selfie-centric Lumia smartphonesUpdated: September 4, 2014 17:30 IST
Nokia launches ‘selfie-centric’ Lumia smartphones
AP
Tweet
AP Chris Weber, CVP, Mobile Devices Sales of Microsoft, presents the new Lumia Selfie App for their smartphones during his keynote speech during a Microsoft Nokia presentation event at the consumer electronic fair IFA in Berlin, on Thursday.
AP Chris Weber, CVP, Mobile Devices Sales of Microsoft presents new products during his keynote speech during a Microsoft Nokia presentation event at the consumer electronic fair IFA in Berlin, on Thursday.
TOPICS
gadgets (general)
Users can take selfies with rear camera using the Lumia selfie app, which uses face-detection technology.
Microsoft will seek to draw more people to its Internet-based services with two new mid-range smartphones it unveiled on Thursday, including one designed to help people take better selfies.
Both devices are under the Lumia brand Microsoft bought from Nokia. They run the latest version of Windows Phone 8 and feature Cortana, a Siri-like voice assistant available to help with directions, calendar appointments and messages. Many of those interactions will steer users to Microsoft services such as Bing search and OneDrive storage.
Microsoft bought Nokia’s phone business in April as it seeks to boost Microsoft’s Windows Phone system, which has had little traction compared with Apple’s iPhones and Google’s Android system. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has made mobile phones and Internet-based services priorities for the company as its traditional businesses Windows and Office software installed on desktops slow down or decline.
Microsoft used the IFA technology show in Berlin to announce the new Lumia 730 and 830 phones.
The handsets won’t have all the technical advances found in Microsoft’s pricier flagship, the Lumia 930 phone, which is known as the Lumia Icon in the United States. The 730’s rear camera takes 6.7 megapixel shots, while the 830 is 10 megapixels. By contrast, the 930 phone is at 20 megapixels, one of the highest in a smartphone.
But the 730, in particular, will have features designed for better selfies. The front camera used for selfies will be 5 megapixels, higher than the 2 megapixels found in the 830 and many other phones.
For even better shots, it’ll be possible to take selfies with the rear camera. Users won’t be able to see themselves on the screen, but an app called Lumia Selfie will use face-detection technology and beeps to guide users on where to hold the camera. Samsung’s upcoming Note phones will have a similar feature, along with software to stitch multiple shots on the front camera to fit more people in.
The 830 has a 5-inch screen, measured diagonally, and supports 4G LTE cellular networks. It will cost about 330 euros ($435).
The 4.7-inch 730 will cost 199 euros. It will have 3G connectivity and slots for two SIM cards, an important feature in emerging markets where wireless plans vary widely such that users switch services often to get the best deals. A 4G version will be known as the 735 and will cost 219 euros. That will have just one SIM slot.
The new phones will start shipping in September, though not necessarily right away in all markets. Typically, Lumia phones make it to the U.S. under different model numbers.

Disposal pushes up Standard Life sharesSeptember 4, 2014 5:39 pm
Canada disposal refocuses Standard Life on the UK
By Alistair Gray, Insurance Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/89e5d2c2-3422-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NASA hurls insults at Curiosity  the worlds favorite roverBy Rachel Feltman September 4 Follow @rachelfeltman
On Wednesday, NASA released reports reviewing the seven major planetary exploration missions. All seven were given renewed funding (yay!), but although it's arguably the most popular among the general public (for proof, just look to the star-studded video above), the Mars Curiosity mission got a stern talking to.
"The panel essentially said, 'Drive less and do more science,'" Bill Knopf, the lead program executive for planetary mission operations at NASA headquarters, told Science Magazine . The review panel expressed disappointment in the plan for the rover's mission, which was recently extended indefinitely. "The panel viewed this as a poor science return for such a large investment in a flagship mission," the full report states . The rover team only has plans to drill and analyze eight more samples, and has now been asked to come up with a more ambitious plan. 
The review panel went on to say that current proposals for the rover lack "specific scientific questions to be answered, testable hypotheses, and proposed measurements and assessment of uncertainties and limitations." Somebody get the rover team some ice for that burn.
Willfully ignorant of the insults to its team, the rover itself kept on driving:
Head for the hills! I'm driving towards these hills on Mars to do geology work & also search for clouds. pic.twitter.com/qscPmVbCus
— Curiosity Rover (@MarsCuriosity) September 3, 2014
Meanwhile, its parody account had choice words:
SHEESH! I'M DOING A SCIENCE AS HARD AS I CAN! RT“ @exploreplanets : Curiosity Science Plan Slammed by NASA Panel: http://t.co/WotK9HHR90 ”

Electrolux near $2.5 bn-plus deal to buy GE unit: SourcesElectrolux near $2.5 bn-plus deal to buy GE unit: Sources
Jet Airways plans flight to VietnamUpdated: September 3, 2014 23:45 IST
Jet Airways plans flight to Vietnam
Special Correspondent
air transport
Jet Airways has announced two daily additional flights in its winter schedule to strengthen its global footprint in the ASEAN region. It will introduce a new daily flight from Delhi to Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, via Bangkok from November 5, 2014, the airline said. The airline also plans to introduce a third daily direct service from Mumbai to Bangkok. For passengers from Mumbai, Jet Airways will provide a connecting flight to Ho Chi Minh City via Bangkok.

CCI says Sun-Ranbaxy deal may hit competitionCCI
(Widening its scrutiny, CCI had…)
NEW DELHI: Launching the first-ever public scrutiny of an M&A deal in India, fair trade watchdog CCI today said it has prima facie found that the $ 4-billion merger of Ranbaxy Labs into rival Sun Pharma is likely to have an "appreciable adverse impact" on competition in the market.
As part of the public scrutiny process, the Competition Commission of India (CCI) invited comments and objections from all stakeholders, including general public, on finer details provided by the two companies about the proposed combination.
The comments should be submitted to the CCI within 15 days, along with supporting documents on how the merger can adversely impact the concerned person or entity, the regulator said. 'Unsubstantiated objections' to the deal will not be considered, it added.
The regulator said the public consultation process has been launched "in order to determine whether the combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India".
Later in a statement, CCI said that "the Commission formed a prima facie opinion that the combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition".
Widening its scrutiny of the multi-billion dollar deal, CCI had asked the two pharma majors on August 27 to make public specific details of their proposed merger.
This is the first instance where the CCI has ordered a public scrutiny of a proposed merger and acquisition (M&A) deal to ensure compliance to fair trade regulations.
Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy had announced all-stock deal, valued at about $ 4 billion deal including debt, in April this year to create the fifth largest specialty generics company in the world and the largest pharma company in India.
CCI Chairman Ashok Chawla had recently said that major issue in the deal was whether the combination would result in high market concentration of certain molecules.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US banks: thirsty regulators© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/0bac93c0-3380-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt may consider auctioning 8 coal blocksBanks to release Rs 650 cr to ABG Shipyard soon under CDR deal
Largest private sector shipbuilder ABG Shipyard, which is under a CDR, will receive Rs 650 crore...

Markets pause after record breaking spreeSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 02:28 PM IST
Markets pause after record breaking spree
Investors are booking profits after sharp gains recently which pushed benchmark indices to record highs
Benchmark share indices are seen taking a breather as investors booked profits after sharp gains in the previous few session which pushed the benchmark indices to record highs
At 2:25PM, the 30-share Sensex was down 140 points at 26,999 and 50-share Nifty was down 45 points at 8,070.
The Indian rupee was trading at 60.41, slightly higher from Wednesday's close of 60.48 tracking gains in Asian currencies versus the US dollar. However, weak domestic markets are likely to cap upside gains. Further, outcome of the ECB meeting later today and US non-farm payroll data is awaited on Friday.
Asian markets were trading lower as investors booked profits at higher levels. Japanese shares came off their day's highs and ended lower after factoring in Bank of Japan's stanec to maitain its monetary stimulus and encouraging view on the economy. However, China's Shanghai Composite was up 0.8% while Hang Seng was down 0.1% and Straits Times was down 0.3%.
European shares were trading mixed ahead of the European Central Bank's meeting. The FTSE-100 was up 0.1% while CAC-40 and DAX were down 0.4-0.6%.
The BSE Realty index was the top loser down 4.5% followed by Metal, Bankex, Oil and Gas, Power, IT and Auto among others.
IT stocks which had gained post upbeat US economic data witnessed profit taking, TCS, Infosys and Wipro were down 0.4-0.8%.
Among the index heavyweights ICICI Bank and Reliance Ind were down 0.8-1.3% each.
Metal and power stocks were down on concerns that the Supreme Court may deallocate mines alloted a few years ago. Hindalco and Tata Steel were down over 3% each. Jindal Steel was down 4%.
DLF has plunged by over 9% after the Punjab and Haryana High Court on Wednesday set aside the Haryana government’s decision to allot 350 acres of land in Wazirabad, Gurgaon,
Cipla was marginally down ahead of its AGM.
However, HDFC and ITC were among the top Sensex gainers up 0.3-1.4% each.
Among other shares, TVS Motor was up 12% at Rs 230 following a 'buy' rating on the stock by global brokerage BofA Merrill Lynch which raised its target price to Rs 235 because of strong business prospects and valuations at current levels are seen attractive to its peers.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index was down 0.2% and BSE Small-cap index was down 0.7%.
Market breadth was weak with 1,795 losers and 1,033 gainers on the BSE.
 Advertisements

ECB cuts rates to fresh lowLast updated: September 4, 2014 7:14 pm
Draghi intervention on rates and bonds startles markets
By Claire Jones in Frankfurt and Thomas Hale and Elaine Moore in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce193ae0-341f-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Slowing Asia demand growth sparks diesel glutLast updated: September 4, 2014 8:21 pm
Slowing demand in Asia sparks diesel glut
By Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26b0b7ba-3415-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HPCA moves High Court for stay on demolition ordersHPCA moves High Court for stay on demolition orders
Bloomberg picks Bloomberg to run BloombergAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact andrew.hill@ft.com or john.gapper@ft.com about the Business blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
John Gapper is an associate editor and the chief business commentator of the FT.  He has worked for the FT since 1987, covering labour relations, banking and the media. He is co-author, with Nicholas Denton, of 'All That Glitters', an account of the collapse of Barings in 1995.
Andrew Hill is an associate editor and the management editor of the FT. He is a former City editor, financial editor, comment and analysis editor, New York bureau chief, foreign news editor and correspondent in Brussels and Milan.
Emma Jacobs is a features writer for the FT, with a particular focus on Business Life. She explores workplace trends, business culture and entrepreneurship and is one of the paper's leading interviewers.
Adam Jones is editor of Business Life, home to the FT's coverage of management, entrepreneurship and working life.
Lucy Kellaway is an Associate Editor and management columnist of the FT. For the past 15 years her weekly Monday column has poked fun at management fads and jargon and celebrated the ups and downs of office life.
Ravi Mattu is the deputy editor of the FT Weekend Magazine and a former editor of Business Life. He writes about management, technology, entrepreneurship and
innovation.
Michael Skapinker is an assistant editor and editor of the FT’s special reports. A former management editor of the FT, his column on Business and Society appears every Thursday.
Latest columns by John and Andrew

US midterms will not break the deadlockSeptember 3, 2014 6:41 pm
America’s midterms will not break the deadlock
By Norman Ornstein
Sharp differences between the parties have morphed into tribalism, writes Norman Ornstein
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5acaa630-3200-11e4-b929-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

From Kareena Kapoor to Katrina Kaif  do heroines matter in Rs 100 crore successBanks to release Rs 650 cr to ABG Shipyard soon under CDR deal
Largest private sector shipbuilder ABG Shipyard, which is under a CDR, will receive Rs 650 crore...

On Snapdeal  buyers take to Tata Value Homes with gusto  drum up Rs 40 cr bizOn Snapdeal, buyers take to Tata Value Homes with gusto, drum up Rs 40 cr biz
PTI | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 04 2014, 19:49  IST
Sep 04 2014, 19:49  IST
 

German taxis should not triumph over UberSeptember 3, 2014 6:23 pm
Germany’s taxis should not triumph over Uber
By John Gapper
The problem is not that cabs are endangered but overly protected
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3ea68e1e-3350-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sebi to begin adjudication proceedings against Plethico PharmaPress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 10:44 PM IST
Sebi to begin proceedings against Plethico Pharma
The company failed to meet the minimum public shareholding norms within the stipulated time period
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) will initiate adjudication proceedings against Plethico Pharmaceuticals for failing to meet the minimum public shareholding norms within the stipulated time period.
At the same time, Sebi has revoked the curbs it had imposed on Plethico as well as its promoters and directors for not achieving the 25 per cent minimum public holding as the firm has been able to achieve compliance.
However, Sebi noted that the compliance was met only at the end of March 2014 as against the deadline of June 3, 2013. “Such delay by the company in complying with the minimum public shareholding norms is not acceptable,” Sebi whole time member Prashant Saran said in an order dated September 3.
“In view of the same, I am of the considered view that the case be referred for adjudication proceedings for adjudicating the company under... the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules,” Saran added.
The regulator said that an "adjudicating officer shall be appointed by Sebi...and such adjudicating officer shall conduct the inquiry in accordance with law".
According, to Sebi, Plethico “did not take concrete steps for achieving compliance with minimum public shareholding requirements and that compliance has been achieved by invocation of pledge of promoters' shares by financial institutions”.
At the same time Sebi said that as the company has now acheived compliance it was "appropriate and reasonable to vacate the directions issued vide the interim order against the company, its promoters and directors".
"...hereby revoke the directions issued vide the interim order dated June 4, 2013 against the company, Plethico Pharmaceuticals Ltd, its directors including Hitesh Thakar, the promoters and promoter group, with immediate effect," the market regulator said.
In the interim order, Sebi had slapped various curbs on over 100 non-compliant firms including Plethico, their promoters and directors for not meeting the norms.
It had frozen the voting rights and corporate benefits of promoters/directors of these companies and barred them from holding new position on boards of listed firms, among others.
As per the shareholding pattern of the company for the quarter-ended March, 2014, the promoters' holding stands reduced to 73.68 per cent and public shareholders were shown as holding 26.32 per cent.
 Advertisements

Marina effect lifts Brazilian assetsSeptember 4, 2014 2:58 pm
‘Marina effect’ lifts Brazilian assets
By Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/78a6b6c6-3430-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

DVC to get Rs 200 crore to clear duesDVC to get Rs 200 crore to clear dues
Euphoria of investors in debt products seen reducingNeelasri Barman |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:29 AM IST
Investors shift away from debt products
Equities will do better in coming months as corporate earnings are improving & reforms are going ahead
With the stock markets soaring high, the attraction for retail investors of public issues in corporate bonds and debt mutual funds (MFs) is seen as reducing. Companies are coming up with Initial Public Offerings (IPOs), while fund houses are back to launching equity New Fund Offers (NFOs).
Data also shows IPOs getting subscribed multiple times and inflows in equity MFs. Income funds, which primarily invest in bonds, are seeing outflows.
“Equities will do better than debt as they are better placed. Even in the long term, they do better. On a 10-year cumulative basis, there is a difference of 6-10 per cent in the returns. Whenever markets improve, more investors gets attracted to equities. We are seeing that retail investors are moving from fixed income to equities gradually,” said Anand Rathi, chairman, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
He says equities will do better in the coming months as corporate earnings are improving, reforms are going ahead and expectations of the government are improving. “All these factors add to the attraction towards the equities market,” he added.
Since the start of this financial year (April), the BSE Sensex has gained 28.3 per cent and the National Stock Exchange's Nifty has gained 29 per cent. The recent IPO of Snowman Logistics was subscribed 59.75 times.
“The returns in bonds are much less than the returns investors can get in equities these days. In fact, even if investors decide to buy tax-free bonds, a big hit last year, the returns will not be much,” said Arvind Konar, head of fixed income, Almondz Global Securities. Tax-free bonds can be bought from the secondary market.
Data from the Association of Mutual Funds in India shows net inflows of Rs 10,815 crore in equity MFs in July, compared to outflows of Rs 10,080 crore in income funds and a meagre Rs 110 crore into gilt funds. “We are seeing shifts happening in the retail side from fixed income funds to equities,” said Dwijendra Srivastava, chief investment officer (debt) at Sundaram MF.
So far this year, fund houses have launched 33 NFOs in the equity category, the highest since 2008, when 41 new offers had been made.
On public issues of bonds, data from the Securities and Exchange Board of India show that in the current financial year, Rs 3,909 crore has been mobilised. Typically, most issuances hit the streets in the second half of every financial year. In 2013-14, companies had raised Rs 42,383 crore through public issue of bonds. This includes the amount mobilised through tax-free bonds, a highly successful investment avenue last year. They aren’t there this year.
Data from Value Research shows the one-year returns of equity MFs are much better than debt funds. Still, experts say, a certain class of investors will stick to fixed income products, as their risk appetites are less.
 Advertisements

Forget iHacks  were all exposed onlineSeptember 3, 2014 6:59 pm
Forget iHacks, we’re all exposed online
By Robert Shrimsley
The hacking of celebrities’ nude photos is a reminder that nothing is private any more
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d27d15a-3354-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wheels come off China bike-share schemes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/815c5378-33e2-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Artist to cover the Afghanistan War for The Washington PostBy Dan Lamothe September 4 Follow @danlamothe
A drawing of a soldier’s body armor. (Richard Johnson/The Washington Post)
Regular readers of Checkpoint may be familiar with the work of Richard Johnson, a senior graphics editor and field artist with The Washington Post. He has assisted on numerous occasions, producing visual representations of the Pentagon’s controversial Excess Property Program and of a fatal rocket-propelled grenade attack in the Gaza Strip, among others.
For the foreseeable future, Richard will be something else: a war correspondent. The Post has deployed him to Afghanistan, where he will not only write about the war, but draw what he sees. He arrived in the last few days, and wrote about the experience on his blog, Drawing the World Together .
A soldier relaxes in Afghanistan during down time. (Richard Johnson/The Washington Post)
Here’s an excerpt of Richard’s  initial post from Afghanistan :
The meet up with the Washington Post Bureau’s driver and the subsequent drive to Bagram Air Base is perhaps best not described in this blog for fear that my wife may read it. But suffice to say that it was suitably entertaining and not without incident. When we got to the walk-in gates at Bagram after a firm handshake of thanks for still being alive – I duly exited and he duly left. There was a short period of concern during which they wouldn’t let me in, but in the end the issues were resolved.
The public affairs folks at Bagram got me settled in, and while they were sorting out some paperwork I doodled this of 10th Mountain Division’s Staff Sergeant Kelly Simon’s gear hanging on its wooden crucifix behind her desk. On this wooden cross system her body armor is always ready to be grabbed at short notice in event of a rocket attack. The rocket attacks are not so common anymore but the base still sees about one a week.
Late at the end of my first forty-eight hour day and I was sitting in the middle of a tent of bunks filled with soldiers en-route within the battle space. As the drawdown continues bunk space is at a premium and so lots of soldiers transit through tents like this. It is basically just a place to crash while waiting for your next movement orders. Not the worst place I have ever slept. The corners of the mattress at either side were about a foot higher than my ass.
After taking off my shoes and socks, I was just contemplating sleeping in the clothes I was wearing when I noticed Staff Sgt. David M. Rogers on the bunk next to mine talking via Skype to his wife, Maria, back in the States. It was a great scene – this new mix of technology and soldiering that allows families to stay in touch so easily.
Some of Richard’s art in coming days will be appearing here on Checkpoint.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world/national-security, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409840914/1409840914000/1409840914 tracking: {authors=Dan Lamothe, blog_name=checkpoint, content_category=World/national-security, in_url_headline=the-washington-post-sends-an-artist-to-cover-the-afghanistan-war, post_id=3806, section={section=world/national-security, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 2:28:34 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 2:28:34 PM

Eurozone repo market grows in first halfSeptember 4, 2014 8:32 am
Eurozone repo market grows in first half
By Christopher Thompson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cbd2de10-3372-11e4-9607-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

JP Associates stock cracks 18%BS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 10:45 PM IST
JP Associates' stock cracks 18%
Company says drop caused by rumours planted by people with 'vested interests'
New Delhi-based infrastructure company Jaiprakash Associates on Thursday saw one of its biggest drops in share prices, following panic among investors after one of its promoters reduced stake in it.
Promoter group firm Jaypee Infra Ventures, which owned nearly 30 per cent stake in JP Associates, pared its holding by 1.45 per cent in a few trading sessions between Monday and Wednesday. And, the shares of JP Associates, after dropping as much as 20 per cent, ended 17.6 per cent lower on Thursday to Rs 37.7. This was the worst fall since January 2009, when it had declined around 30 per cent.
To assuage investor concerns, the company issued a statement that “rumours are being planted in the market by persons with vested interests, suggesting that the promoters are selling their shareholding...leading to inflow of queries from investors”.
JP Associates’ market capitalisation was a little over Rs 9,000 crore after the correction. It has a large number of institutional shareholders. Among the large domestic ones are state-owned Life Insurance Corporation and asset management companies HDFC MF, Sundaram Asset and Prudential ICICI AMC. Some large foreign investors also have holdings, such as HSBC, T Rowe Price, Vanguard and Credit Suisse.
Incidentally, the company had raised about $250 million (Rs 1,500 crore) in July from several institutional investors by way of a qualified institutional placement (QIP). It saw a good response and took place at Rs 70.3 a share, 86 per cent higher than the current market price. The share sale was managed by CLSA and Standard Chartered. Following the QIP, the scrip had climbed to around Rs 88 a share. So far this calendar, shares of JP Associates are down around 30 per cent, as against a 30 per cent gain in the benchmark indices.
“It is clarified and confirmed for information of all stakeholders that the promoters of Jaiprakash Associates continue to have full faith in the company and hope that the investors/ stakeholders would continue to have confidence in the company and its management, as hitherto," the company said.
JP Associates said the promoter entity had reduced its holding from 29.75 per cent to 28.3 per cent “to meet its requirement of funds, including for social causes”.
Shares of other JP group companies also took a beating on Thursday. Jaiprakash Power Ventures fell nearly six per cent to Rs 13.55 and while Jaypee Infratech dropped 11 per cent to Rs 29.
Currently, the 12-month price target on JP Associates by consensus Bloomberg estimates is Rs 69 a share.
 Advertisements

Argentine stock surge not all it seemsSeptember 4, 2014 3:19 pm
Argentine stock surge not all it seems
By Benedict Mander in Buenos Aires
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f613dd06-3434-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lancor Holdings announces commencement of work on two projectsLancor Holdings announces commencement of work on two projects
Using Your Superpowers for Good  Not Evil: Positional Power vs. Personal Powerreddit
"Govern yourselves with love, kindness, and service to others." -- Wonder Woman
Ok, so I am not Wonder Woman. However, if there's one thing I've learned over the years, it is that you will only win the battle when your employees want you to. You do this through unpretentious influence -- not by the perceived power you wield in your position.
Great leaders exercise power by virtue of their passion and who they are. In short, this motivates associates to do their best work, offering leaders some measure of power through the empowerment of their people.
Although it is a given and is understood by all that to some extent a leader has a position of authority attributable to being "the boss," it is possible to be a bona fide leader, whether or not you are in a position of power. This is true personal power. It is a genuine power that is given willingly to leaders by their "followers" that does not come through organizational charts.
A leader who relies on personal power instead of positional power can persuade and galvanize others, sharing good ideas with them. They possess the ability to make things happen by encouraging and inspiring others and acting as a catalyst for change.
Positional Power vs. Personal Power: Positional power comes by the very nature of your title. It is understood by all and never needs to be stated. Throwing your title around or operating as if nothing else matters but your position ("I am leading this organization, so you have to listen to me.") will definitely come back to haunt you.
Personal power is reflected in the way you "show up" and treat your employees and customers. It is about building relationships that result in authentic engagement.
How you lead your team, how you treat people, has everything to do with personal power. Read on for six ways to use your personal power for good, taken from classic superhero tales.
1. "He was the student whom I taught the least, yet who taught me the most."  -- Professor X
To be a great leader, you must be teachable. This is achieved through active listening--not just hearing--but truly listening.
2. X-ray Vision. -- a Superman superpower
Take great care to "see" what's going on outside your own four walls and show genuine concern for your employees -- the whole person, including their life outside of work.
3. "Heroes are made by the paths they choose, not by the powers they are graced with." -- Ironman
You are only as powerful as your people. Show appreciation for your employees by providing positive feedback, asking for their input and involving them in your pivotal decisions. This builds self-esteem and ultimately, loyalty.
4. "It's not who I am underneath...but what I do that defines me." -- Batman
Model the way. This means if you want your employees to care, show enthusiasm and appreciation, you must behave in the same manner.
5. The "Lasso of Truth." -- a Wonder Woman superpower
Be authentic and honest. When you are not at liberty to reveal something, explain why.
6. "The training is nothing, the will is everything." -- Henri Ducard, Batman Begins
Don't try too hard. If you work hard to gain acceptance and expand your influence, you likely won't. If, instead, you work harder at being yourself, telling the truth and investing in others you'll earn the ultimate superpower -- respect.
The original version of this article first appeared on Inc.com
Follow Susan Steinbrecher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SteinbrecherInc
More:

DLF land allotment transparent  claims Haryana govtDLF land allotment transparent  claims Haryana govt
Selfie-Centric Phone Among New Microsoft OfferingsAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Bloomberg to run BloombergAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact andrew.hill@ft.com or john.gapper@ft.com about the Business blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
John Gapper is an associate editor and the chief business commentator of the FT.  He has worked for the FT since 1987, covering labour relations, banking and the media. He is co-author, with Nicholas Denton, of 'All That Glitters', an account of the collapse of Barings in 1995.
Andrew Hill is an associate editor and the management editor of the FT. He is a former City editor, financial editor, comment and analysis editor, New York bureau chief, foreign news editor and correspondent in Brussels and Milan.
Emma Jacobs is a features writer for the FT, with a particular focus on Business Life. She explores workplace trends, business culture and entrepreneurship and is one of the paper's leading interviewers.
Adam Jones is editor of Business Life, home to the FT's coverage of management, entrepreneurship and working life.
Lucy Kellaway is an Associate Editor and management columnist of the FT. For the past 15 years her weekly Monday column has poked fun at management fads and jargon and celebrated the ups and downs of office life.
Ravi Mattu is the deputy editor of the FT Weekend Magazine and a former editor of Business Life. He writes about management, technology, entrepreneurship and
innovation.
Michael Skapinker is an assistant editor and editor of the FT’s special reports. A former management editor of the FT, his column on Business and Society appears every Thursday.
Latest columns by John and Andrew

Sensex snaps nine-day winning streak to end below 27 100Tulemino Antao & Indrani Mazumdar |  Mumbai Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 03:53 PM IST
Sensex snaps nine-day winning streak to end below 27,100
The 30-share Sensex lost 54 points to end at 27,086 and 50-share Nifty shed 19 points to close at 8,096.
Markets finally took a breather with the Sensex snapping its nine-day winning streak on profit taking after sharp gains in the previous few sessions which had lifted the benchmark share indices to successive record highs. Further, investors are awaiting the outcome of the European Central Bank meeting later today.
 
The 30-share Sensex lost 54 points to end at 27,086 and 50-share Nifty shed 19 points to close at 8,096.
 
Rupee:
 
The Indian rupee was trading at 60.41, slightly higher from Wednesday's close of 60.48 tracking gains in Asian currencies versus the US dollar. However, weak domestic markets are likely to cap upside gains. Further, outcome of the ECB meeting later today and US non-farm payroll data is awaited on Friday.
 
Global Markets:
 
Asian markets ended lower as investors booked profits at higher levels. Japanese shares came off their day's highs and ended lower after factoring in Bank of Japan's stance to maitain its monetary stimulus and encouraging view on the economy. However, China's Shanghai Composite gained 0.8% while Hang Seng lost 0.3% and Straits Times ended 0.3% lower.
 
European shares were trading mixed ahead of the European Central Bank's meeting. The FTSE-100 was up 0.1% while CAC-40 and DAX were down 0.4-0.6%.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE Realty index was the top loser down 4.4% followed by Metal, Capital Goods, Bankex, Oil and Gas, Power, IT and Auto among others. However, Consumer Durables, Healthcare and FMCG indices ended their session in the positive territory up between 0.1-0.5%. 
 
In the capital goods segment, BHEL ended 4.7% lower on 'sell' call by a foreign brokerage while L&T ended down 0.6%.
 
IT stocks which had gained post upbeat US economic data witnessed profit taking. TCS, Wipro and Infosys lost between 0.4-0.8%.
 
In the financial segment, banks which had earlier gained on firm economic data also witnessed profit taking in today’s trade. ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and SBI lost between 0.3-0.5%.
 
Among the index heavyweights Tata Motors and Reliance Industries were down 0.8-2% each.
 
Metal and power stocks ended down on concerns that the Supreme Court may deallocate mines alloted a few years ago. Hindalco and Tata Steel ended down between 2.8- 4%. Jindal Steel lost nearly 4%.
 
DLF plunged nearly 9% after the Punjab and Haryana High Court on Wednesday set aside the Haryana government’s decision to allot 350 acres of land in Wazirabad, Gurgaon,
 
Cipla ended 0.3% lower ahead of its AGM.
 
On the flip side, select auto stocks ended in the positive territory on fresh buying. Bajaj Auto and Hero Motocorp gained between 2-4% each.
 
In the FMCG space, ITC and HUL gained between 0.4-0.6%.
 
NTPC, HDFC, Bharti Airtel and Axis Bank were some of the notable names which ended up between 1-2% each.
 
Among other shares, TVS Motor gained 9.4% at Rs 224 following a 'buy' rating on the stock by global brokerage BofA Merrill Lynch which raised its target price to Rs 235 because of strong business prospects and valuations at current levels are seen attractive to its peers.
 
Shares of Jammu & Kashmir Bank gained 7% at Rs 169 in an otherwise subdued market after the stock was quoted ex-stock split from today.
 
JP Associates has slumped by over 8% at Rs 38 after Jaypee Infra Ventures sold over 13 million shares on the National Stock Exchange.
 
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index ended up 0.1% and BSE Small-cap index ended down 0.4%.
 
Market breadth ended weak with 1,715 losers and 1,246 gainers on the BSE.
 Advertisements

China tightens its grip on Hong KongSeptember 3, 2014 2:42 pm
One country, two systems – and one puppet master
By David Pilling
The presence of Li, an emissary from Beijing, has relegated the territory’s officials to irrelevance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ffb50116-3347-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Telangana to procure 500 MW of solar power  invites bidsTelangana to procure 500 MW of solar power  invites bids
Luxottica exposes Renzis concernsSeptember 3, 2014 7:26 pm
Luxottica’s board revamp exposes Renzi’s old concerns
By Sarah Gordon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d155313c-3343-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

I will recuse myself from coal scam probe if SC orders: Ranjit SinhaSinha rules out resignation, says did nothing wrong
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 04, 2014
First Published: 21:45 IST(4/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:58 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
CBI director Ranjit Sinha whose alleged meetings with the businessmen being probed by the agency has created a storm on Thursday ruled out his resignation, saying he had done nothing wrong. 
He, however, did say he would recuse himself from supervising the coal-block allocation scandal if told by the Supreme Court.
“Why should I quit? Why would I quit? Am I mad? I have not done anything wrong and so there is no question of my resignation,” Sinha told HT.
Read: Many under CBI lens frequent visitors at Sinha’s residence
The alleged entries in the visitors’ book at his 2, Janpath residence reveal that various businessmen, political leaders and accused in a number of scams, including the coal and 2G scandals, being investigated by the CBI frequently called on Sinha in the last 15 months. 
Claiming there was a conspiracy to malign him and destroy his reputation, the CBI chief said, “Some mediapersons are harassing my relatives and asking them why they met me more than two times. Some people are moving around media offices, carrying slanderous materials against me”.
But, Sinha’s attempt to gag the media failed. The Supreme Court turned down his plea to prevent newspapers and TV channels from reporting the contents of the alleged visitors’ register.
The court also asked lawyer Prashant Bhushan, who has demanded Sinha not oversee the 2G case probe, to submit the guest register in a sealed cover with an affidavit. He had told the court that entries were very disturbing and “explosive material”.
After going through a copy of the visitors’ book, the court asked it put on record, saying some of the details were important and it could only act on the information after it was formally brought to its notice.  The case will be heard on September 8.
Sinha could be heading for more trouble as an NGO, Common Cause, one of the petitioners in the coal case, moved the top court, demanding he be kept away from the probe. The plea said Congress leader Vijay Darda, an accused, and his son, and former minister Subodh Kant Sahay, whose brother’s firm was an alleged beneficiary, met Sinha.
Appearing for the NGO, Bhushan said a SIT should look into the abuse of authority by Sinha to scuttle the coal block and other cases.
As the controversy raged, law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told a news channel that the CBI director must maintain certain standards in view of cases the agency handled.
The CBI has dubbed the visitors’ diary as fake. Spokesperson Kanchan Prasad said, Sinha would file a case of perjury “against the petitioners” in the 2G case.
Read: ‘Bhushan just a tool to target me’
“I gave the CBI director the advice to file the perjury case against the petitioners, the NGO. In a sworn affidavit, they had made false statements in the court about the CBI’s Aircel-Maxis deal probe,” Sinha’s lawyer Vikas Singh said.
In a chargesheet filed on August 30, the CBI has accused former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran and his family of receiving R742 crore in bribe for coercing entrepreneur C Sivasankaran to sell his telecom company Aircel to Malaysia-based Maxis.
The SC had ordered a CBI probe into the 2G scandal on a petition filed by the Centre for Public Interest Litigation represented by Bhushan.

Gold worth Rs 84 lakh found hidden in toilet at Hyd airportGold worth Rs 84 lakh found hidden in toilet at Hyd airport
Rocket Internet: neither fish nor fowl© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/82161f98-2b80-11e4-b052-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

20 Reasons Why You Should Major in Journalismvia Flickr
Journalism will never die as long as the world has news to report and requires someone to report it. The digital age might be hurting journalism in its traditional form, but something unequivocally better may be on the verge. For those of you who have doubts about thrusting yourself into the wild and wonderful world of journalism, look no further to end your questioning.
1. Curiosity didn't kill the cat
If you're like me, you have a natural thirst for knowledge. I constantly ask "why?" in my head, but as a journalist, I get to ask those questions out loud. It takes an inquisitive yet sensitive type of person to get information out of people. If you love to gossip or coaxed your older brother into telling you where your mom hid the Christmas presents as a kid, you'll likely be a stellar reporter. Just don't repeatedly punch your subject in the arm to get the information out of them or else they'll also tell mom on you.
2. Say goodbye to the cubicle
Being a journalist allows you to work remotely. You don't need to spend your days in a lab or an office filling out those TPS reports like other professions require. As a freelancer, depending on your beat, you have the freedom to write from home, coffee shops or maybe even the beaches of Brazil. If you really want to satisfy your wanderlust, write for a publication like National Geographic or Sunset -- they'll jet you off to cover stories all over the world.
3. First!
If you're a journalist, you hear about things right when they happen. In other words, you hear before everyone else...#Braggingrights. Journalists know what happened, why it happened and who caused it. If you've always wondered why things are the way they are or the backstory that the general public doesn't know, journalism positions you for insider access.
4. Feed your narcissism
When you see your byline or bio in print, you can't help but feel a sense of pride. It's exciting to know that a simple Google search will prominently present your professional portfolio and even maybe push that "other" stuff down. You'll have the opportunity to quip "just Google me" when someone asks to see your work.
5. Build a network
As a journalist you talk to new sources daily and your network builds exponentially. Not only can this network offer future story ideas, but they can also help with potential job opportunities. Through the interview process, you establish a rapport with people and because they already trust you, they are more willing to help you out.
6. You speak good
Prepare to crush your competition in "Words with Friends." Journalists develop a knack for finding the perfect combination of words to get their point across, so naturally your vocabulary will grow. Discover new ways to use the English language and embrace your inner logophile.
7. Learn new things
As a journalist, you learn what works, what doesn't and why. Discoveries are around every corner. It also teaches introspection. You challenge yourself, discover your fears and desires, and learn about yourself and your role in the world. Several years ago I had an internship editing poetry and prose written by incarcerated youth for a bi-monthly publication. Reading the words of young people who had lost everything and being able to contribute to their growth instilled mutual inspiration and reflection.
8. Tell stories for a living
Besides Britney Spears and professional taste-tester, storyteller was my dream career as a kid. I told elaborate, imaginative stories and even wrote them down. I just didn't know it was a real career until I got older. If you're a natural born storyteller, you're in the right place.
9. Take a walk on the wild side
Journalism will introduce you to exotic foods, new bands and new places. Be prepared to embrace your inner wild child and go out of your comfort zone. I recently got the opportunity to report at a major music festival. Although covering such a massive event was nerve-wracking, it opened my eyes to a corner of journalism that I had yet to explore.
10. Become a people person
You're given the opportunity to meet all kinds of people. You wouldn't cross paths with these people under any other circumstances, and they can really challenge your perspective on life and teach you what it's like to be in someone else's shoes. You don't just get to know the people you interview, but your audience too. You learn to understand what piques people's interest, what makes them laugh, and what tugs at their heartstrings. You know how to entertain and even persuade the masses.
Go to CollegeMagazine.com to get the full list.
Follow College Magazine on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CollegeMag
More:

InContext Solutions aims to use new funding on expansion  analyticsGuy Turner, managing director of the Hyde Park Venture Partners
Guy Turner, managing director of the Hyde Park Venture Partners (Hyde Park Venture Partners)
By James Janega , Blue Sky Reporter contact the reporter
What InContext Solutions plans to do with $12 million in Series D funding
Incontext Solutions: The store-display experiments are virtual; the savings to merchandisers are real
'From the beginning, we saw 'virtual' had the ability to transform the retail value chain'
Chicago-based software company InContext Solutions plans to expand its 3D virtual-store environments for product-display testing in Europe and the U.S., hire more sales and customer relationship managers and build out data analytics, the company says.
Funding for the goals comes from a $12 million Series D financing announced last week, a year into what its CEO Mark Hardy calls a strategic reboot for the five-year-old company.
“For being a year out, we've done pretty well,” Hardy said.
InContext creates Web-based simulations of real stores and says it allows retailers and marketers to see what works and what doesn’t.
InContext's software builds a visual “heat map” over a virtual mock-up of a proposed display case and spits out a return on investment for the configuration, Hardy said. Users can shift things around — experimenting with new displays virtually — without the time and cost that would be involved in the real world.
“Think of the labor cost savings,” Hardy said.

Waste biofuel aims to compete with petrolSeptember 4, 2014 1:54 pm
Biofuel from waste aims to compete with petrol on price
By Ed Crooks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/76449aa4-340f-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tyson eyes 10 percent earnings boost from Hillshire dealTyson eyes 10 percent earnings boost from Hillshire deal
Tyson Hillshire
Tyson Food and Hillshire Brands food products.
Tyson Food and Hillshire Brands food products. (Joe Readle/Getty Images)
By Ellen Jean Hirst, Tribune reporter
Tyson Foods Incorporated
Tyson Foods Inc. said Thursday it expects its earnings per share to growth 10 percent in its upcoming fiscal year, aided by its acquisition of Chicago-based Hillshire Brands Co.
The deal closed a week ago. Tyson still expects to earn $2.78 per share in fiscal year 2014, which ends Sept. 27, excluding any gains or costs from the Hillshire acquisition, Chief Financial Officer Dennis Leatherby said at the Barclays Back-to-School Consumer Conference in Boston. That forecast excludes any impact from Hillshire, and is well above last year's earnings of $2.22 per share.

Lego poised to become world s largest toy companyLego closes in on Mattel as hit movie boosts sales
Lego becomes the world's largest toy maker
There's a new champion in the world of toys, Lego has taken over as the world's largest toy maker.
There's a new champion in the world of toys, Lego has taken over as the world's largest toy maker.
By Katarina Gustafsson, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
Mattel Inc. Star Wars (movie) Hasbro Inc.
STOCKHOLM — Lego expanded revenue in the first half, bridging the gap with toy industry market leader Mattel as consumers flocked to pick up play sets from box office hit "The Lego Movie."
Sales rose 11 percent in kroner to the equivalent of $2 billion at the Billund, Denmark-based maker of plastic bricks, matching those of Barbie-maker Mattel, which reported a 7 percent decline in the same period.
A 7-year-old girl wrote a letter to Lego in January urging the toy company to make play sets featuring female figures with jobs instead of only girls hanging at the beach with their friends. ( Ellen Jean Hirst )
The results pit the two largest toy companies against each other going into the all-important holiday shopping season, when El Segundo, California-based Mattel makes a greater proportion of annual sales. Lego is pushing out Star Wars-branded sets and its own Movie, City and Creator products to gain revenue, while Mattel saw declining demand for lines ranging from Barbie to Fisher-Price.
"Surely the shot in the arm has come from the phenomenal success of The Lego Movie," said Robert Porter, an analyst at researcher Euromonitor. "Not only did the movie gross around $500 million worldwide, it has also been pivotal in promoting new and existing product lines."
8
Lego, which gets 60 percent of total sales from new products annually, said "The Lego Movie," which opened in theaters earlier this year, was a significant contributor to revenue growth.
Products including the toymaker's Star Wars building sets and its traditional City line, which features firefighters and police, also continued to contribute to very strong growth globally, Lego said. Net income rose 14 percent to 2.7 billion kroner ($477 million).
"Our geographic growth was very evenly spread," Chief Financial Officer John Goodwin said in a telephone interview. "We had double-digit growth across all three regions: America, Europe and Asia."
The Danish company controls about 65 percent of the construction toy market, according to Euromonitor, which estimates the market will grow to about $12.8 billion by 2018 from $8.3 billion last year. Mega Brands, which was bought this year by Mattel, is number two with a 5.3 percent stake.
Lego last year overtook Pawtucket, Rhode Island-based Hasbro to become the world's No. 2 toymaker in terms of sales.
0
Revenue in the first half of 2014 more than tripled compared with six years ago, Chief Executive Officer Joergen Vig Knudstorp said in the statement.
The Danish toymaker, which gets most of its sales in the last two months of the year, is now gearing up for Christmas.
"Meeting the demand of our retailers and our consumers is very important for us," Goodwin said on the phone. "We don't want to have any disappointed kids during the holiday period."
The company this year started building a new factory in China in order to increase flexibility by being closer to core markets. Consumer sales in the country rose by more than 50 percent in the first half, Lego said Thursday.
"It's important to get the Goldilocks effect, to get it just right and that's what we're focusing on," Goodwin said.
Lego, whose name is derived from the Danish words for "play well," is controlled by the family of carpenter Ole Kirk Kristiansen, who founded the business in 1932. His grandson Kjeld Kirk Kristiansen, 66, is Denmark's richest man with a net worth of $7.2 billion, according to Bloomberg rankings.
 

Govt clears 7% DA hike from July 1Govt clears 7% DA hike from July 1
European ABS: going mezzanine© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/110e6bde-334b-11e4-9607-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Land Rover Freelander 2 special edition launched at Rs 44.41 lakhLand Rover Freelander 2 special edition launched at Rs 44.41 lakh
Q&A: ECB  what to watch for© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17f34aa4-3414-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Call for tax breaks for UK tech groupsSeptember 3, 2014 8:29 pm
UK tech chief calls for tax breaks to promote fledgling groups
By Murad Ahmed, European Technology Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ca708be-3379-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Al-Qaeda launches south Asian wing© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/953858b6-3413-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Quantitative easing is the wrong routeSeptember 3, 2014 7:08 pm
Quantitative easing would sow the seeds of crisis not recovery
By Michael Heise
The policy could push the eurozone in the wrong direction, writes Michael Heise
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/686aecc4-3353-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mario Draghi just got creative  and the markets love him for itEuro Crunch
September 4, 2014
The time for talk is over. The European Central Bank has taken criticism for fighting to the euro zone’s economic malaise with words instead of deeds . Two years ago, ECB president Mario Draghi said that the bank would do “whatever it takes” to avert a collapse. Since then, as its counterparts in the US, UK, and Japan pumped up their economies by buying hundreds of billions of dollars worth of bonds, the ECB stuck to more conventional measures. And talk. Lots of talk .
But today Draghi ran out of conventional ammunition. The ECB cut its main interest rate to just 0.05%, from 0.15%. This is as low as Draghi is willing to go, he said. We are now in the weird and wonderful world of “unconventional” monetary policy. As economic growth falters and the euro zone flirts with deflation , Draghi’s pledge to do “whatever it takes” will finally be tested.
The markets weren’t expecting much from the ECB today. In June, Draghi said that interest rates were unlikely to go lower—”I would say that for all the practical purposes, we have reached the lower bound.” The rate cut alone startled traders, and their jaws dropped further when Draghi later announced something that sounds like quantitative easing. As a result, the euro fell out of bed:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Next month, the ECB will start buying asset-backed securities and bonds from banks, it said. Swapping cash for collections of loans and mortgage-backed bonds will, in theory, encourage banks to lend more to the euro zone’s credit-starved economies. We don’t yet know the precise details of the program, which will be released next month.
In a few weeks the ECB will also begin extending cheap emergency loans to banks , as part of an initiative first announced in June; on top of the new bond-buying program, it’s Christmas come early for the euro zone’s beleaguered banks. Not before time, the ECB’s balance sheet is about to play catch-up with its counterparts:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Bruegel, a think tank, reckons that the ECB needs to spend 1% of euro zone GDP to boost inflation by 0.2%. With headline inflation now running at just 0.3%, boosting it closer to the ECB’s 2% inflation target implies hundreds of billions of euros in purchases. This prospect pushed bond yields down sharply today (prices move inversely to yields)—for a host of countries, investors must now pay governments to lend them money:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Buying bonds at sufficient scale will be far from straightforward. Draghi revealed that today’s decision was not agreed unanimously by the bank’s board:
Draghi: Some governors were in favour of doing more, some were in favour of doing less—
ECB (@ecb) September 04, 2014
Some traders are taking this to mean that full-blown quantitative easing—that is, buying government bonds in bulk—is on the table, pushed by voices from the hardest-hit member of Europe’s “periphery.” But others note that the hawks—basically, the Germans—will be reluctant to let the ECB spend with abandon.
Whatever the case, the surprisingly aggressive moves by the ECB today sparked a rally in a broad range of assets today. The markets in Draghi’s native Italy—home to some of the euro zone’s shakiest banks –had a particularly good day.
Share
Tap image to zoom
When the ECB president delivered his famous “whatever it takes” line, he added, “believe me, it will be enough.” We’ll soon find out.
Share this:

CCI begins public scrutiny of Sun-Ranbaxy dealmerger, acquisition and takeover
In the first-ever public scrutiny of an M&A deal in India, fair trade watchdog Competition Commission of India (CCI) on Thursday invited comments from all stakeholders, including general public, on finer details of $ 4-billion merger of Ranbaxy Labs into rival drugmaker Sun Pharmaceuticals.
The comments need to be submitted to the CCI within 15 days, along with supporting documents on how the merger can adversely impact the concerned person or entity, the regulator said, while adding that it would not consider ‘unsubstantiated objections’ to the deal.
The CCI said the public consultation process has been launched “in order to determine whether the combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India”.
Widening its scrutiny of the multi-billion dollar deal, CCI had asked the two pharma majors on August 27 to make public specific details of their proposed merger.
This is the first instance where the CCI has ordered a public scrutiny of a proposed merger and acquisition (M&A) deal to ensure compliance to fair trade regulations.
Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy, which had announced a $ 4-billion deal in April this year, were asked to make public details of their proposed transaction in a “prescribed format”, which has been now put in public domain for “comments/objections/suggestions” from any person adversely affected or likely to be affected by the combination.
CCI Chairman Ashok Chawla also said on August 29 that major issue in the deal is whether the combination would result in high market concentration of certain molecules.
“The major issues obviously are that in many of the molecules, the basic building block in the pharmaceutical industry, whether in some of those molecules there is high market concentration which will emerge as a result (of the consolidation). That is the matter,” Mr. Chawla said.
The $ 4-billion deal would create the fifth largest speciality generics company in the world and the largest pharmaceutical company in India.
The combined entity would have operations in 65 countries, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, and a significant platform of speciality and generic products marketed globally.
In April, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries announced it would acquire troubled rival Ranbaxy Laboratories in a $ 4—billion deal that includes $ 800 million debt. The transaction has valued Ranbaxy at 2.2 times its $ 1.8 billion revenue for 2013, or about Rs 457 per share.
The deal has got ‘no-objection’ from the two exchanges, BSE and NSE, where the shares of two firms are listed, allowing them to file their scheme of amalgamation with the High Court for further clearance of the deal.

EU slaps cartel fine on global chipmakersSeptember 3, 2014 5:55 pm
Europe slaps cartel fine on global chipmakers
By Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa5ada22-3385-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banks need more cash to avoid next crisisBanks need more cash to prevent next crisis
By Heather Long  @byHeatherLong September 4, 2014: 9:27 AM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Former Federal Reserve chair Ben Bernanke called the bank meltdown of 2008 the worst financial crisis in global history -- even worse than the Great Depression.
Policymakers have been working to ensure that never happens again.
They took an important step this week by finalizing a requirement for how much money -- known as highly liquid assets -- banks have to hold.
The big issue in September 2008, when Lehman Brothers went bankrupt and American International Group ( AIG ) needed a massive government bailout, was basically that banks didn't have enough cash on hand to pay their bills. And some of their assets turned out to be worthless -- or worth a lot less than anticipated.
Related: Outgoing AIG CEO given terminal cancer diagnosis
The rules the Federal Reserve and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency codified on Wednesday require banks keep enough cash -- or assets that are close to cash -- to cover all the institution's activities for a month.
There's been a lot of wrangling over these rules, which is why they are only being finalized six years after that major financial meltdown.
Banks have been concerned the rules could hurt their bottom line by forcing them to essentially park money they could put to more profitable use. So they argued with regulators over what constitutes those "highly liquid" assets. Those details have mostly been teased out now.
Related: 4 years later, Dodd-Frank reform law is only half done
Many of the major banks like Goldman Sachs ( GS ) and JPMorgan ( JPM ) have seen this move coming and have sought to increase their qualifying cash-like assets for awhile now. They won't see much impact.
But others, notably State Street ( STT ) and many regional banks, will have to bring their balance sheets up to par.
 
Cantor lands sweet $3.4 million bank gig
"We estimate either bank would only experience about 1% to 2% annual earnings headwinds in order to be fully compliant by 2017," said a research note from Vining Sparks that called out State Street and Bank of America ( BAC ) for possible issues meeting the requirements.
The rules begin to phase in January 1, 2015, but banks have until 2017 to be in full compliance. It will apply to all banks with $250 billion or more in assets. A more lenient rule will apply to middle tier banks with $50 billion to $250 billion in assets.
In a statement, Americans for Financial Reform said the rule "falls well short," especially when it comes to the middle tier banks, "which are smaller than the largest 'too big to fail' Wall Street banks but are still major banking entities that hold a substantial amount of banking system assets."
In banking circles, there is grumbling that this is government overkill. It remains to be seen what effects the rule might have on banks' willingness to lend or be involved in certain financial transactions.
At the moment, regulators believe it's better to have a bit extra in the rainy day fund.
First Published: September 4, 2014: 7:50 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Kareena Kapoor to Katrina Kaif  do heroines matter in Rs 100 cr raceBanks to release Rs 650 cr to ABG Shipyard soon under CDR deal
Largest private sector shipbuilder ABG Shipyard, which is under a CDR, will receive Rs 650 crore...

Amit Shah accuses Congress-NCP of  looting  MaharashtraUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Mumbai: Virtually sounding the assembly poll bugle, Bharatiya Janata Party President Amit Shah on Thursday accused the ruling Congress-NCP of scam after scam and "looting Maharashtra" over the past 15 years.
He alleged that scams collectively worth more than Rs 11 lakh crore, which could have been utilized for the welfare of the entire state for five years and money would still be left.
"It is a government of thugs...They looted Maharashtra...They must be thrown out," Shah thundered at a Vijay Sankalp Rally, of party activists at Shanmukhanda Hall Thursday evening.
He alleged that scams collectively worth more than Rs 11 lakh crore, which could have been utilized for the welfare of the entire state for five years and money would still be left.
He claimed that on account of these scams - irrigation scam, Adarsh scam, food scam, land scam and many other scams - Maharashtra has been shamed by the Congress in front of the whole country, "so it must be uprooted" from here.
"We are all aware what happened to Congress-NCP in the last Lok Sabha elections. I want you all to work and better that performance in the Maharashtra Assembly polls. In Lok Sabha, they could not get a Leader of Opposition, that must be repeated here...," he said amid a thunderous round of applause.
But, Shah warned that this was nothing "to laugh about".
"There should be pain in your hearts...Use this angst to throw out this government and establish a BJP-alliance government in Maharashtra," he urged.
Taking a potshot at Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi, he said that if he (Rahul) had campaigned more, they would not have got even 44 (Lok Sabha) seats, which is why some Maharashtra ministers wanted him to keep quiet.
He also extended an open invitation asking "good leaders from all political parties" to join and strengthen the BJP.
Later on Thursday, in a major bid to defuse tensions between the two saffron allies Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party, Shah will meet Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray at the latter's Bandra residence.
Prior to the meeting, Shah visited the Bal Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park and paid homage to the founder of the Shiv Sena.
The Mumbai-born Shah arrived here on his first visit to the city after taking over as party chief and was accorded a grand welcome by thousands of party activists and top leaders at the Mumbai Airport.
In his brief address, Shah said that the second phase of making 'Congress-mukt Bharat' would be launched from Maharashtra where Swaraj was started by the Maratha warrior king Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj.
"This is the worst and most corrupt government ruling in Maharashtra for the past 15 years...We shall remove all Congress governments across the country right upto Tamil Nadu," Shah thundered to a resounding applause.
Shortly afterwards, Shah attended a meeting of the BJP core committee at the residence of Leader of Opposition in state legislative council Vinod Tawde and later went for lunch at the residence of city MP Poonam Mahajan, (daughter of the late Pramod Mahajan and niece of Gopinath Munde).
He also visited Ganeshotsav marquees in Lalbaug, Bandra and Gilder tank, besides performing a 'Ganesh maha-aarti' and attended an exhibition on Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a nearby ground.

Kerviel to walk free after 110 daysSeptember 4, 2014 2:21 pm
Paris court rules Jérôme Kerviel can walk free after 110 days
By Mark Odell in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/003eee30-3433-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How the NFL could destroy traditional TVif it wanted toBack with a bang Reuters/Steven Bisig-USA TODAY Sports
SHARE
John McDuling @jmcduling
September 4, 2014
The NFL is back. Tonight in Seattle, much to the delight of millions of Americans, the country’s most popular sports league will return with the first game of its latest season.
It is difficult to overstate the sheer size and scale of the National Football League. It is not just America’s (and probably the world’s )  biggest league, in terms of finances, it is also one one of the country’s major media companies. It’s revenue last year of roughly $10 billion * dwarfs other leagues in the US and abroad, as well as some prominent very prominent digital media and technology companies.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Yes, this is an apples-to-oranges comparison, and the NFL’s revenue is still dwarfed by America’s biggest media companies like Disney (which owns most of ESPN), 21st Century Fox,  Viacom, and Time Warner. Still, the league has said  it wants to generate $25 billion in revenue by 2027. That implies a growth rate of about 7% a year from here, attractive for any company as big (and old) as the NFL.
And we may already be getting a glimpse for how it wants to get there. According to the Wall Street Journal, (paywall) NFL officials last year talked to Google and Microsoft about licensing rights to its Sunday Ticket packages, which allow fans to watch every single game on Sundays (when the bulk of games are played). These rights are currently held by satellite operator DirecTV, which has agreed to be bought by telecom operator AT&T, and both sides have indicated that they expect to renew the agreement.
So it is probably a case of the NFL flexing its muscles to glean more money out of its current broadcast partners. The NFL’s content is so valuable—it’s a huge selling point for DirecTV and  a gigantic ratings driver for broadcast networks and ESPN. Live sports are one of the few reasons why people still watch linear TV, and the NFL is the biggest live sport.
But it could also be the strongest evidence yet that the NFL is the laying the foundations for an internet based, direct-to consumer offering that involves some of its live content. Other sports ( Major League Baseball ) and quasi-sports ( World Wrestling Entertainment ) have been doing this for a while now, with varying levels of success. If the NFL follows suit, it would not be an exaggeration to say it could completely transform television.
*A couple of caveats on the $10 billion figure. The NFL’s finances are notoriously opaque. As a non-profit, its has to file returns annually with the IRS, but the most recent one publicly available appears to be for 2011. Media reports from the league itself last year stated revenue was $9.2 billion, while other credible reports have put it at $9.5 billion with $10 billion in sight. Clarification has been sought from the NFL*
Share this:

PCB expecting Indian visa for Lahore Lions by tomorrowPCB expecting Indian visa for Lahore Lions by tomorrow
Restless founder returns to BloombergSeptember 4, 2014 5:54 pm
Challenges lure Bloomberg back to helm of media empire
By Matthew Garrahan and Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fbf19864-344b-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CCI order puts truck operators in a spotNEW DELHI, September 4, 2014
Updated: September 4, 2014 21:58 IST
CCI order puts truck operators in a spot
Special Correspondent
A compliant was filed against AIMTC talleging that it indulged in cartelisation. . File Photo : Bhagya Prakash K
TOPICS
logistics
Having wrapped up the probe into allegations of cartelisation by freight operators, the Competition Commission of India (CCI) has sought their financial statements for the past three years before the final hearing on September 24. The CCI order for financial statements has not gone down well with the truckers, who are also challenging the main allegation of cartelisation. “We are a highly fragmented, unstructured industry. We are also market-driven and accordingly tariffs are decided by the play of market forces,” noted Navin Gupta whose All India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC).
Other trucking sources said the demand for financial statements and the cartelisation charges should not be imposed on an industry that was not ‘closely knit’ and under severe strain due to ever-increasing operating costs.
The CCI has been hearing a complaint by the Indian Foundation Transport Research and Training (IFTRT) which says AIMTC indulged in cartelisation by directing its members to hike truck rentals by 15 per cent after diesel prices were increased by Rs.5 a litre in September 2012.
IFTRT’s S. P. Singh, who filed the complaint, says as per the yellow books of goods transport firms or common carriers, there are about 2.5 lakh entities that accept cargo and it is claimed that they control 85 per cent of the road cargo. “The strict enforcement of the Carriage by Road Act will remove the fly-by-night operators and lead to consolidation of the transport industry,” he stated.
The CCI had, in January last year, asked its Director-General (Investigation) to probe the complaint as “the diktat issued by an association to its members to raise the price of services by certain percentage.... and opined that there a prima facie case of anti-competitive practice exists.”
The report bolstered by a supplementary filing on July 15 this year concluded that alleged move for rental hike was a violation of the law. Subsequently, CCI issued a three-page order for final hearing of the case with suggestions or objections to the report by the CCI’s DG (Investigation) by September 17.

The Number of Hungry Americans Has Barely Fallen Since the RecessionPeople wait in line at the food pantry at St. Augustine's Church in New York.
Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images
Here’s your reminder that, in the United States, reigning global power, there are still millions of people who have trouble getting enough to eat.
Each year, the U.S. Department of Agriculture produces a report on hunger in the U.S. And much like the poverty rate, the fraction of Americans who have difficulty putting meals on the table has stayed stubbornly high since the recession. The latest version finds that for six straight years now, more than 14 percent of households have suffered from “food insecurity”—meaning that they had at least some problems affording food but didn’t necessarily go hungry. Over that time, however, more than 5 percent suffered “very low food security”—meaning someone in the home either had to eat less than they wanted or skipped meals entirely. Those households facing actual hunger included 17.1 million people in 2013, barely changed since 2008, when the number skyrocketed to about 17.3 million thanks to the recession.
Advertisement
The good news about food insecurity in the U.S., insofar as there is any, is that it’s rarely chronic. Poor families often have trouble buying food during a particularly lean time of the year, or at the end of a month, when their food stamp benefits tend to run low. But most of the time, they’re able to feed themselves. On a given day, only an estimated 1.1 percent of households actually have to cut back on their food.
Still, that makes it no less a shame that so many families face the threat of hunger in a country this rich.
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

Now  a printer that lets your search and print from thenetThe MultiXpress series also has NFC to certify the user and also provide the ability for devices to interact with the printer.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Berlin | Posted: September 4, 2014 9:59 pm
Samsung on Thursday introduced a new printer series which will tap on to the power of Android to help users access the web, search for pages and print them directly from the printer itself.
The Samsung MultiXpress will also come with powerful dual scan lenses that increase the scanning speed dramatically — up to 120 A4 images every minute. It is powered by a 1GHz dual core CPU to achieve these speeds. Samsung’s RECP technology will also improve the quality of prints.
The MultiXpress series also has NFC to certify the user and also provide the ability for devices to interact with the printer.
However, the best part of the printer has to be the 10.1 inch screen yoked to it. This Android powered tablet can let you access apps and print directly from them. The Android-based Smart UI centre will make it easy for anyone to operate the device without any learning involved.
The product will become available in India first and will come to India mid-October. In Europe, it will be priced between Euro 3000 and 6000 based on features.

Will early voting rules in Ohio produce the next Bush v. GoreBy Jonathan H. Adler September 4
Thursday morning, in Ohio State Conference of the NAACP v. Husted, a federal district court in Ohio enjoined enforcement of new election rules that curtailed the early voting period in Ohio, concluding that the changes violated Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act and principles of equal protection. The Ohio rules cut back the early voting period from 35 days before the election to 28 days and, in an effort to ensure uniform voting rules throughout the state, eliminated night voting and voting on the Sunday before election day.  These changes, the court concluded, were unconstitutional and in violation of the VRA.
Rick Hasen has some early analysis of the decision . His post begins:
This is a significant case, which could potentially make it to the Supreme Court. It expands voting rights in a broad way, and makes it difficult for a state like Ohio to cut back on any expansions of voting rights that it puts in place. The big question is where the stopping point is in a decision like this, and how to justify calling it unconstitutional for a state like Ohio to make a modest cutback in early voting while allowing many other states to offer no early voting at all.
He further adds that while this decision could be upheld by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, it is doubtful that this ruling would survive Supreme Court review (if it ever gets that far).  I agree.  A particularly troubling aspect of the ruling is the implicit suggestion that once voting times have been expanded or voting has been made easier, such changes may not be undone.  This is particularly so because, as Hasen notes, the changes here are relatively minor.  I find it hard to believe a majority of the Supreme Court would conclude that either the Constitution or the VRA creates this sort of one-way ratchet in election law.
A particular difficulty in evaluating these sorts of claims, however, is that all such analysis occurs with clear knowledge of who wins and who loses from any change, and we can expect partisans of each party to press their advantage.  That is, neither party has a principled position on what ideal voting rules would look like.  Is early voting a good idea? The answer you get is likely to depend on what assumptions are made about who is more likely to turn out.
Each party seeks rules that make it more likely that its own voters are more likely to go to the polls, and (unlike in prior times) they now have the data to hone their approach. Particularly where, as here, the relevant changes are relatively small, I have a hard time crediting the argument that there are larger principles at stake, and an even harder time accepting that (absent evidence of impermissible motivation, such as racial animus) that these sorts of changes are unconstitutional.
UPDATE: According to the Cleveland Plain Dealer , Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted has already announced his plans to appeal the ruling.
From Husted’s statement :
“During the 2012 election and beyond, this same judge said we had to implement fair and uniform days and hours’ of operation for elections in Ohio. Now he seems to say counties can set their own days and hours of operation.
“Today’s ruling kicks the door open to having different rules for voting in each of Ohio’s 88 counties, which is not fair and uniform and was not even acceptable to this court or the plaintiffs previously.
“We must appeal this ruling, because we can’t simultaneously treat people the same and differently.”
Here’s the contrasting view from an ACLU of Ohio release :
“This ruling will safeguard the vote for thousands of Ohioans during the midterm election,” said Dale Ho, director of the ACLU’s Voting Rights Project. “If these cuts had been allowed to remain in place, many voters would have lost a critical opportunity to participate in our democratic process this November. This is a huge victory for Ohio voters and for all those who believe in protecting the integrity of our elections.” . . .
“Early voting opportunities are vital to Ohioans who have inflexible work schedules, childcare duties or other responsibilities that make it impossible to get to the Board of Elections during regular business hours. This ruling means voters will not see their access to the ballot compromised during the upcoming election. This is great news, and we look forward to the full trial and when these measures are fully struck down once and for all,” said ACLU of Ohio Managing Attorney Freda Levenson.
 
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409850023/1409850023000/1409850023 tracking: {authors=Jonathan H. Adler, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=will-early-voting-rules-in-ohio-produce-the-next-bush-v-gore, post_id=13019, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 5:00:23 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 5:00:23 PM

Google to refund $19 million in kids  in-app purchase case0
"We're glad to put this matter behind us so we can focus on creating more ways for people to enjoy all the entertainment they love," said a Google spokeswoman.
In the Apple settlement, it agreed to refund to customers at least $32.5 million in unauthorized charges made by children and to change its billing practices to require consent from parents for in-app spending.
The commission sued Amazon.com in July on the same issue.
The FTC has alleged that the companies were too lax in allowing children playing some app games to ring up charges on their parents' credit cards to buy pricey digital goods.
In the game Air Penguins, for example, children can buy virtual fish costing $49.99 to feed virtual penguins living on virtual melting ice caps.
"Children could rack up charges just by tapping on pop-up boxes," said FTC Chairwoman Edith Ramirez, adding that Google's staff pointed to what they called "family fraud" or "friendly fraud" as a leading source of refund requests.
Google first began offering in-app charges, as the virtual purchases are known, in 2011 without requiring any password or taking other steps to ensure that the parent approved of the child's charges, the FTC said.
In 2012, Google began asking for the credit card holder's password before allowing the purchase. But, granting permission for one purchase would open a 30-minute window where children could make purchases without re-entering a password, the FTC said.
Initially, Google urged unhappy parents to take up the issue with the app developer, the FTC said.
Google shares were about 1 percent higher in afternoon trading on Thursday.
(Reporting by Diane Bartz; Editing by Ros Krasny, Mohammad Zargham and Cynthia Osterman)

Lakhs of Delhi school students to see PM speakLakhs of Delhi school students to see PM speak
Man stabbed to death by friend after his Facebook post called him a pimpA malicious post of Facebook leads to a man's murder.
Press Trust of India | Erode | Posted: September 4, 2014 9:31 pm | Updated: September 4, 2014 9:32 pm
A 32-year-old man was stabbed to death on Thursday by his friend after a Facebook post with a derogatory reference allegedly by the deceased enraged the killer, police said.
In a Facebook post, D Karthik (30), who allegedly murdered J Shanmugam was maliciously described as a “pimp”. A picture of a woman was also annexed in the post and Karthik’s mobile number was also given. Following this, he began getting phone calls soliciting “arrangement” of “service” by commercial sex workers.
He suspected that his friend had posted the comment and had a heated argument with him over the issue. Shamugham, however, denied it and said “he had better things to do” than upload such dirty posts.
S Vijayan, Inspector (Erode North) said Shanmugam was talking to another friend at a particular spot at Perunthurai road when Karthik arrived there, raked up the issue, suddenly whipped out a knife and stabbed him.
Karthik also overpowered the man whom Shanmugam was talking to and shoved him away. A profusely bleeding Shanmugam was later declared dead at a government hospital. Police said a probe is on and they would soon apprehend the culprit.

Will Connected Devices Disconnect the FamilyTolstoy famously said, " All happy families are alike, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way ."
Why am I beginning a piece about the Internet of Things with a nod to the patriarch of the 19th century novel? Because I want to shift the focus of the conversation about connected devices and their technological implications, to a discussion of the human implications of a world where there are potentially hundreds of sensors monitoring thousands upon thousands of interactions in every household.
Families are a complex mixture of sharing and privacy. Over time, as technology has innovated, it has added new tensions to the inherent privacy tension. For example, television sets first entered our lives as big consoles that sat it in the living room. Everyone in the family watched the same thing, which meant parents knew every second of their kids' entertainment consumption.
But the advent of small, portable sets changed that. It meant that kids could watch what they wanted in the privacy of their bedrooms, outside of parental oversight. This created all kinds of struggles between children seeking independence and parents seeking control and insight.
The evolution of the personal computer magnified this tension. The days of the "family computer" seem like ancient history, but there was a time when there was a single giant digital structure in the kitchen or family room that parents and kids shared. As the Internet emerged - and within it the whole "net nanny" phenomenon - the issue was heightened as parents worried and children, particularly as they got older, chafed under the perceived panopticon .
Flash forward to the Internet of things, when dozens and dozens of physical objects in the house become connected devices that are capable of capturing, relaying and storing personal, individual information. Just think about the implications of that. Suddenly, ordinary activities and behaviors are instantly available and shareable to all, and the household becomes its own Big Data warehouse.
How much time did Zachary actually spend brushing his teeth? How many steps did Dad really take according to his FitBit -- and exactly where did he take them? How often and at what times over the weekend did Grandpa hit the Jack Daniels, and how much did he drink when? And what about data related to Internet-enabled pill boxes? The amount of data that's gatherable and crunchable from IoT in the average household is massive in its size, and meaningful in its implications.
It also raises questions like: Who in the household has access to the data from the refrigerator, the toilet, the car, the front door, the back door, the Nespresso? What happens when a divorce lawyer wants it?
Most of the focus on IoT is on projections for its astounding growth. Revenue will be bigger than smart phones, PCs and tablets combined, gushes Business Insider . Others are worrying about the cybersecurity implications. But remarkably little attention is being paid to the psychological impact of what happens when virtually every behavior, action and decision of each member of a household is potentially available to every other.
What will its impact be on spousal relations? What will it do the teenagers who -- under the best of conditions -- are fueled by hormones to drive for independence with a raging skepticism of their parents? What kind of struggles and countermeasures and work-arounds will erupt? What kind of behavioral tricks and nudges will be tried by those who have access to the data to encourage specific behaviors; who will the refrigerator text when it's being opened in the middle of the night for a midnight snack? With families in America under profound levels of stress, what are the unintended emotional consequences of the IoT?
In the fascinating book " A History of Private Life ," the author notes that for centuries, public and private life was no different based on the living conditions of the vast majority of people, other than the very wealthy. Everyone lived out in the open in large rooms; the notion of privacy in the household is a comparatively modern invention. Paradoxically, the IoT -- a modern invention -- will return us to the time when the public and private stages were one. Let the modern family beware.
Follow Adam Hanft on Twitter: www.twitter.com/hanft
More:

A Reno science museums tornado simulation blew up  injuring 13By Elahe Izadi September 4 Follow @ElaheIzadi
As if actual tornadoes weren’t scary enough, a tornado simulation at a museum in Reno, Nev., on Wednesday ended with a chemical flash so strong it left 13 people injured, including eight children, according to the Reno Police Department.
Emergency crews responded to a 911 call from the Terry Lee Wells Discovery Museum late Wednesday afternoon, a Reno police statement said. Several people were treated at the scene, and eight children and one adult were taken to the hospital with minor burns or smoke inhalation, the police statement said.
As of Thursday afternoon, one child remains in the hospital and is in good condition, said Renown Regional Medical Center spokesman Tony Spiker.
Children were sitting a mere six to 10 feet away from the simulation, Reno Fire Chief Michael Hernandez told the Reno Gazette-Journal . The museum runs the experiment as a simulation of a dust devil or tornado, using methyl alcohol and boric acid; but the order of the chemicals got switched and caused a two- to four-second chemical flash, Hernandez said.
Reno City spokesman Matthew Brown told the Associated Press that the demonstration was more of a chemical flash than an explosion, “similar to if someone threw gasoline on a fire.”
The museum issued a statement calling the simulation a “routine experiment,” and that everyone was safely evacuated while no serious damage was done to the building.
“I think at the end of the of the day it’s going to come down to a simple accident in procedure,” Hernandez told the Gazette-Journal. “As the fire chief, I’m not going to call them and say, ‘Please stop doing this procedure.’ The fact is, they’ve been doing this for quite some time. This is probably an isolated event.”
According to a representative, the museum reopened Thursday morning.
This story has been updated.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post. She can be reached at elahe.izadi@washpost.com and on Twitter @ ElaheIzadi .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409849995/1409849995000/1409849995 tracking: {authors=Elahe Izadi, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=a-reno-science-museums-tornado-simulation-blew-up-injuring-13, post_id=10938, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 4:59:55 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 4:59:55 PM

Uttarakhand to make film policyUttarakhand to make film policy
I will recuse myself from coal scam probe if SC orders says so: CBIchiefPrint
Terming it as "deliberate character assassination", Sinha claimed that he has not favoured anyone and the courts are there to scrutinise every paper.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 4, 2014 9:31 pm | Updated: September 4, 2014 9:38 pm
Under attack for allegedly meeting officials of companies accused in 2G scam, CBI Director Ranjit Sinha on Thursday said that he would recuse himself from the ongoing probe in Coal scam if the Supreme Court ordered so.
His reaction comes within hours of an NGO filing an application before the apex court demanding that he be kept away from the coal block allocation scam probe because he interfered with it.
The application filed by NGO – Common Cause – referred to a document showing ingress and egress into his official residence which contains names of “influential” persons allegedly involved in the coalgate scam.
“I will recuse myself from coal scam investigations if Supreme Court orders so,” Sinha said.
At the fag end of his career, Sinha has been in controversy lately because of a register which purportedly shows entry to his residence of personnel working with companies accused in 2G and coalgate scams.
Interestingly, Moin Qureshi, a meat exporter, against whom the Income tax department has launched a probe for alleged tax evasion, is also shown as having had frequent meetings with him.
However, the Director said he was his friend and there was no criminal investigations pending against him.
Terming it as “deliberate character assassination”, Sinha claimed that he has not favoured anyone and the courts are there to scrutinise every paper and every aspect of investigations being carried out by the agency.
He said that corporate rivalry was well known in this country and unfortunately this time they were trying to engulf the CBI by carrying out malicious campaign against him.
Another NGO – Centre for Public Interest Litigation – had stated in the Supreme Court that a visitor register of his residence showed that officials of the accused telecom companies used to regularly frequent his residence.
However, the Director contended that all the 2G scam cases were probed before he took over as Director on December 2, 2012. His tenure ends in December this year.

Watch Live as Attorney General Details Federal Investigation of Ferguson Policewatch live as attorney general details federal investigation of ferguson police
Malaysia Airlines Launches Unfortunately Named  Bucket List  ContestIt’s been a catastrophic four months for Malaysia Airlines, which suffered the twin tragedies of losing everyone on board flights MH17 and MH370 .
Now the airline appears to have launched a questionably named competition in a bid to rebrand.
The contest, launched on Monday, is called “My Ultimate Bucket List” -- which as Time points out, was not the best choice of words since a bucket list is made up of things one wants to do, see or accomplish before dying.
The competition is lauded by the airline as “a game of skill” and is only open to customers in Australia and New Zealand. As part of the entry submission, contestants must submit an answer of 500 words or less to the question: “What and where would you like to tick off on your bucket list, and explain why?” Prizes include a free iPad and a free economy-class ticket to a destination in Malaysia, to be determined by the airline.
On Tuesday, scores of news outlets and netizens lamented the airline’s unfortunately-named contest.
“Straight from the files of What Were You Thinking? comes a 'Bucket List'-themed contest from Malaysia Airlines that ranks as the second worst decision recently made by the beleaguered travel brand,” wrote MediaBistro's Claire Daniel, referring to the airline's recent decision to lay off 6,000 workers .
"Bucket list" is done before death. Malaysia Airlines asked people's 'bucket lists’ in ill-advised contest http://t.co/1Bg4U6kIYW - @TIME
— Roop Raj (@rooprajfox2) September 2, 2014
This is a sick, sick joke, right?! Malaysia Airlines hosts "Bucket List Contest": http://t.co/DUddHNjRoI . Marketing/PR needs to be fired.
— M. Gaston (@MAHidalgo) September 2, 2014
It appears Malaysia Airlines may have backpedaled following the wave of criticism; the original link to the competition on the airline’s website returns a 404 error though a PDF version still exists. (Update: Both links are down as of Sept. 4.)
The airline did not immediately respond to a request for comment from The Huffington Post.
More:

Barack Obama administration to brief members of Congress on Islamic StateBarack Obama administration to brief members of Congress on Islamic State
France links warship delivery to peace dealSeptember 4, 2014 4:59 pm
France links Russian warship delivery to Ukraine peace deal
By Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/53a1f20a-3421-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Biotech leader move shows Google ambitionsSeptember 4, 2014 3:05 pm
Levinson move highlights Google health ambitions
By Andrew Ward, Pharmaceuticals Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b15d8016-3427-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Grain Mostly Lower  Livestock Mostly LowerAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Ruling Could Cost BP Another $18B; Stock SlumpsAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

BP faces $18bn fines on negligence rulingAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Land Rover Launched the Exclusive Freelander 2 Sterling Edition at Rs 44.41 LakhLand Rover Launched the Exclusive Freelander 2 Sterling Edition at Rs 44.41 Lakh
Qaeda threat to India: Controlling disgruntled elements more important than issuing alerts  experts tell CentreJ&K ground report: More than half of Srinagar under water
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Apple reveals top 10 reasons for apps rejectionUpdated: September 4, 2014 19:27 IST
Apple reveals top 10 reasons for apps rejection
Special Correspondent
AP Apps not having enough information and those that exhibit bugs accounted for quarter of rejections.
TOPICS
gadgets (general)
Apple has shared top ten reasons why apps get rejected on its App Store.
As per the data available for the 7-day period ending August 28, apps not having enough information and those that exhibit bugs accounted for quarter of rejections (at 14 per cent and 8 per cent) respectively.
“Before you develop your app, it’s important to become familiar with the technical, content, and design criteria that we use to review all apps. We’ve highlighted some of the most common issues that cause apps to get rejected to help you better prepare your apps before submitting them for review,” Apple said in a post on its new developer page.
Reasons like not in compliance with developer program license agreement and the app not being simple enough for users’ occupied 6 per cent each. Other reasons included apps not having lasting value and misleading users.
Apple said top 10 reasons account for 58 per cent of the rejections.

IAF to commemorate 50 years of Indo-Pak WarUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The IAF has lined up several programmes to commemorate its role in the 1965 war with Pakistan.
"The IAF is commemorating 50 years of 1965 Indo-Pak War by organising various events like seminars, photo exhibition and homage to martyrs. The contribution of our air veterans who participated in this war need to be duly acknowledged by
appropriately revisiting this historical event," IAF spokesperson Rochelle D'Silva said.
Various veterans will express their views on the role of the Air Force in the war and one of the sessions would be chaired by former IAF chief SP Tyagi.
In this regard, a seminar will be held here tomorrow which will be presided over by IAF Chief Arup Raha.
Various veterans will express their views on the role of the Air Force in the war and one of the sessions would be chaired by former IAF chief SP Tyagi.

Government to release additional installment of DAUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The government on Thursday said it will release an additional installment of dearness allowance (DA) to central government employees and dearness relief (DR) to pensioners from July 1 2014.
"This is an increase of seven per cent over the existing rate of 100 per cent of the basic pay, pension, to compensate for price rise," the Union Cabinet said in a statement after a meeting.
According to the statement, the increases in DA and DR are in accordance with the accepted formula, which is based on the recommendations of the sixth central pay commission.
The increases in DA and DR are in accordance with the accepted formula, which is based on the recommendations of the sixth central pay commission.
The statement added that the combined impact on the exchequer on account of both DA and DR would be of the order of Rs 7,691 crore per annum and Rs 5,127 crore, respectively, in 2014-2015.

Economists react to ECB rate cutSeptember 4, 2014 3:16 pm
Economists react to ECB rate cut
By Mark Odell
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f0fec07c-343b-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

DLF shares sink 9% after court cancel land dealDLF shares sink 9% after court cancel land deal
BlackBerry partners Idea for data offerApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Tesla Stock Hits All-Time High After Analyst Praises Companyreddit
Not that many people buy Tesla’s cars, but that’s not stopping anyone from buying Tesla stock.
The company’s share price hit a record high on Tuesday after an analyst published a note praising the company’s potential and the electric carmaker struck a deal to expand in China.
The stock hit a record high of $284.89 during trading on Tuesday before closing slightly lower.
In a note published Monday, James J. Albertine, an analyst at Stifel Equity Research Group, estimated that the stock price for Elon Musk's company should hit $400 by 2017, the year Tesla is expected to open a $5 billion Gigafactory to build the lithium-ion batteries that power its cars. Albertine was previously one of the few voices on Wall Street who remained skeptical of Tesla's real value.
Albertine said the price prediction did not factor in potential uses for the batteries outside of cars or the expected 2017 launch of the Model III, the company’s cheaper, mass market car, which it plans to sell for about $35,000. He hinted that the stock would soar even higher once those plans were closer to fruition.
Meanwhile, Albertine said the company’s rivals have failed to “fully invest” in battery-run electric car models that could compete with Tesla’s slowly growing stable of vehicles.
The stock surge also comes days after Tesla cleared another speed bump on its road to China, the world’s largest car market.
The company announced a deal on Friday with China’s second-largest mobile phone provider, China Unicom, to build a nationwide network of charging stations. China is also considering a new tax on gasoline that would help fund electric cars, according to Chinese electric carmaker BYD Co.
Still, Tesla’s sole vehicle for sale, the Model S, is prohibitively expensive for most consumers, with a starting price of about $70,000. Compared to other electric cars, the Model S came in third place for the most sales this year, and Tesla sold just 500 of cars last month -- its worst month of sales this year, according to electric car site InsideEVs .
Alexis Georgeson, a Tesla spokeswoman, told The Huffington Post the company does not comment on stock price.
More:

REPORT: Home Depot May Have Been Hit By Hackersreddit
Home Depot may be the latest retailer hit by hackers in a breach that could have affected millions of customers, according to security blog Krebs on Security .
The home-improvement chain confirmed to The Huffington Post on Tuesday that it is working with banks and law enforcement to investigate "some unusual activity" after Brian Krebs, who writes about cybersecurity on his eponymous blog, reported that "multiple banks" had seen evidence that could indicate hackers stole customer data from Home Depot. A huge cache of credit and debit card data appeared to be for sale on a black market site, Krebs reported.
Krebs is a former investigative reporter at The Washington Post who broke the news of the Target’s massive data breach on his site last year.
According to Krebs, several banks said they think the breach may go all the way back to April or early May 2014 -- meaning this hack would be much larger than the one that hit Target last December and compromised about 40 million cards.
“Protecting our customers’ information is something we take extremely seriously, and we are aggressively gathering facts at this point while working to protect customers,” Paula Drake, a spokeswoman, said in a statement sent to HuffPost. “If we confirm that a breach has occurred, we will make sure customers are notified immediately.”
On Wednesday, the company warned customers to keep track of potential fraudulent charges to their accounts and said affected customers won't be held responsible.
"If we confirm a breach, we will offer free identity protection services, we will offer free identity protection services, including credit monitoring, to any potentially impacted customers," the company said in a statement posted on its website early Wednesday.
Russian and Ukrainian hackers may be to blame, Krebs reported.
A batch of cards went on sale Tuesday on a site associated with Lampeduza Republic , a popular online black market for stolen cards, under the names “European sanctions” and “American sanctions,” Krebs reported. That seems to indicate the stolen cards are being hawked in retaliation against Western sanctions on Russia for its military incursions into Ukraine.
UPDATE: This story has been updated with the customer warning posted on Home Depot's website
More:

Where are Americans debtsRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

The mysterious new Commission organigramSee the full list of FT blogs .
The authors
Peter Spiegel is the FT's Brussels bureau chief. He returned to the FT in August 2010 after spending five years covering foreign policy and national security issues from Washington for the Wall Street Journal and the Los Angeles Times, focusing on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. He first joined the FT in 1999 covering business regulation and corporate crime in its Washington bureau, before spending four years covering military affairs and the defence industry in London and Washington.
Alex Barker is EU correspondent, covering the single market, financial regulation and competition. He was formerly an FT political correspondent in the UK and joined the FT in 2005.
James Fontanella-Khan is FT's Brussels correspondent, covering media, telecom and internet regulation as well as justice, employment and social affairs and its impact on eastern Europe. He was formerly an FT correspondent in India. He joined the FT in 2006.

Trillion dollar scandal of financial secrecySign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

McDonalds Can Make History -- and Rescue Its Brand -- With Sustainable Foodreddit
McDonald's Golden Arches are tarnished these days. Its brand has been damaged by a food safety scandal in China and labor issues in America. Its stock price of late has severely lagged the S & P 500 performance, a result of poor sales growth.
To restore the shine to those arches, it's time for the fast-food behemoth to chart a new course: one that acknowledges the growing consumer demand for good food, grown as close to home as possible, by sustainable, humane, and fair producers.
The seeds of this transformation may have already been planted. McDonald's has been moving steadily towards sustainable sourcing of its ingredients . The company already purchases all of its seafood from green suppliers, and it has set goals to buy all of its coffee, palm oil, and fiber-based packaging from certified sustainable sources as well. They offer veggie burgers and organic milk in some markets, and plan to add more fruit and vegetable options in the U.S.
Industry analysts state that McDonald's is making these moves in response to competitive pressure from other restaurant chains that "get it." Chipotle, the fast-growing fast-casual Mexican chain, is now the darling of Wall Street. Chipotle's aggressive marketing focuses on how its "food with integrity" is superior to competitors' ingredients that come from industrial sources.
Panera, too, has been making major moves to clean up its sourcing and build transparency into its offerings. Then there is Chick-fil-A, a rapidly growing fast-food chicken chain whose image is not exactly that of a bastion of liberal thinking. When Chick-fil-A was lauded for its decision to source antibiotic-free chicken , it was another clarion call for McDonald's CEO Don Thompson to move on this issue.
The emphasis on clean sourcing, transparency, and sustainability shown by those chains is not only better for the planet, but it is also better for business. According to Advertising Age , up to 80 million young people in America place a premium on these attributes in their food. "Millennials place a high value on attributes like social responsibility, sustainability, local, organic, grass-fed and hormone-free offerings when it comes to dining out," wrote Advertising Age.
Obviously, as a business built on hamburgers, McDonald's could make its biggest impact by shifting dramatically toward sustainably produced beef. The company is taking a step in that direction, announcing it will buy some of its beef from sustainable sources by 2016.
To make this happen, McDonald's has paired up with Walmart and other industry and non-governmental organization (NGO) partners to create the Global Roundtable on Sustainable Beef (GRSB), whose goal is to develop a beef value chain that is environmentally sound, socially responsible, and economically viable.
While this is a laudatory goal, McD's needs to ensure that its actions in this area truly reflects best practices in sustainability and not just greenwashing. The moves so far may need some work: A coalition of NGOs, including Natural Resources Defense Council, Rainforest Alliance, Friends of the Earth, and Food Alliance submitted comments on proposed GRSB standards, stating that they fall "short of serving as a credible framework for recognizing sources of verified sustainable beef."
These comments explore ways that McDonald's and GRSB can better address climate change, land conversion, fresh water conservation, soil health and wildlife habitats, feed crop production, manure management, and use of pharmaceuticals to maintain animal health and welfare.
The use of antibiotics in animal feed is clearly an area in which McDonald's can make a tangible impact on sustainability. According to Consumers Union , "Approximately 80 percent of the antibiotics sold in the United States are used in meat and poultry production. The vast majority is used on healthy animals to promote growth, or prevent disease in crowded or unsanitary conditions."
This indiscriminate use of antibiotics has critical human health consequences, as it is reducing the effectiveness of these miracle drugs. The New York Times reported in 2013 that "two million Americans fall ill from antibiotic-resistant bacteria every year and 23,000 died from those infections." Many leading medical authorities including the World Health Organization, American Medical Association, and the Center for Disease Control are calling for a ban or severe restrictions in the use of antibiotics in animal production.
If the 800-pound gorilla of fast food were to direct its suppliers to phase out the use of antibiotics over the next five years in all areas of its protein sourcing -- beef, chicken, pork, dairy, and eggs -- it would have a seismic effect on food production in America.
A good analogy for this is McDonald's own response to complaints about gestation crates. Just a few years ago, these inhumane confinement systems for hogs were ubiquitous in large-scale pork production. But pressure from animal welfare groups persuaded many big buyers, including McDonald's, to stop purchasing pork from producers who used crates. As a result, this cruel practice is quickly heading towards extinction. McDonald's also was a pioneer in working with activist Temple Grandin to implement humane animal welfare practices, and now much of the food industry is following suit.
By purchasing all of its seafood from certified sustainable sources, McDonald's has set the stage to develop solid systems of transparency for all of its green sourcing. In this realm, its strategists should take a hard look at the systems developed by Whole Foods Market to quantify sustainability in many categories. Whole Foods has become the market leader in natural and organic supermarkets, much because of its role encouraging and developing markets for food that is certified for key sustainability attributes.
If McDonald's were to adopt similar systems across the board, it truly will be a historic and revolutionary move -- one that will burnish its reputation as a good corporate citizen and provide a huge boost to efforts to ensure that everyone has access to affordable, healthy food produced in a way that's good for the planet.
On the other hand, resisting change or simply failing to act would be a high-risk strategy for McDonald's in a fast-paced marketplace that includes many buyers who demand good food. Watchdogs will dismiss the smaller steps they take as a fig leaf. Their market value on Wall Street will continue to erode. Young consumers will shun them in greater numbers.
It will be so much better for the nation, for our food system -- and for McDonald's itself -- if this iconic American institution chooses the better path.
A version of this post originally appeared in the Chicago Tribune .
Jim Slama is the president of FamilyFarmed.org and founder of the Good Food Festival and Conference . You can follow him on twitter @FamilyFarmed and read his work at GoodFoodon EveryTable.org .
Follow Jim Slama on Twitter: www.twitter.com/FamilyFarmed
More:

Gross National Happiness: a bad ideaSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Stars to humanise New York real estate© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34ca583a-337d-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

One high-end Manhattan brokerage is rolling out a splashy set of ads that put people back in focus.© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34ca583a-337d-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vijayawada  new Andhra Pradesh capital  set to witness real estate boomApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

DLF Gurgaon land parcel cancellation draws mixed response from analystsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

NSE excludes United Spirits from equity derivatives segmentHome »   Companies
United Spirits launches inquiry into accounting issues
United Spirits initiates inquiry to investigate whether the company and its executives had violated rules by lending money to UB Group companies
ICICI Bank board approves 1:5 stock split
United Spirits, which is now controlled by Diageo, said it took a write-down of Rs4,321.6 crore in the March quarter. Photo: Bloomberg
Bangalore: After thrice postponing its earnings announcement because of accounting-related issues, United Spirits Ltd ( USL ) has initiated an inquiry to investigate whether the company and its executives had violated rules by lending money to UB Group companies, highlighting the difficulties faced by the company’s parent Diageo Plc in managing its acquisition.
USL, India’s largest liquor company, on Thursday reported its biggest-ever loss of Rs.5,380.1 crore in the March quarter because of one-time writedowns related to sale of its Whyte & Mackay unit and bad debt.
The fourth-quarter earnings, and the report by the company’s auditor BSR and Co. Llp, are the latest indicator of legacy issues faced by USL related to its financial dealings with UB Group airline Kingfisher Airlines Ltd.
Since buying a 25.02% stake in USL from the company and Vijay Mallya -owned UB Group in July last year, Diageo has been cleaning up the company’s finances and tightening corporate governance practices at the firm. Diageo now owns roughly 54.78% of USL after the world’s largest distiller bought an additional 26% of the Indian company’s shares from public shareholders for £1.11 billion two months ago.
“It was clear from Day 1 that Diageo would have to clean up United Spirits accounts,” said Shriram Subramanian , managing director of InGovern , a corporate governance research firm. “It’s surprising that they have taken so long in doing it. All these issues, especially the inter-company loans, should’ve been spotted during the due diligence process when Diageo was in talks to buy United Spirits. They’ve been in control at United Spirits for over a year and they should’ve addressed these issues much sooner.”
USL, owner of popular whisky brands such as McDowell’s No. 1 and Bagpiper , said on Thursday it would conduct a “detailed and expeditious inquiry” that, among other things, will look at the inter-company loans between USL and UB Group entities that were used to prop up the now defunct Kingfisher Airlines.
The inquiry will also cover some agreements allegedly entered into by USL with a Kingfisher creditor and certain claims made by USL debtors, some of whom are now refusing to repay the company.
The inquiry may have an impact on its financial statements, USL’s independent auditor BSR and Co. warned.
The inquiry will consider the “role of individuals involved” and “potential non-compliance” with the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, and other relevant regulations. USL is likely to hire independent advisers for the inquiry.
BSR and Co. has reserved judgement on the issues being addressed by the inquiry until it is over. USL did not say when the inquiry would be completed.
The company said in its quarterly report that debtors, who together owed Rs.590.7 crore to USL, claimed that they were owed money by UB Group entities. Some of the debtors, who owed Rs.322.5 crore to USL, warned they won’t repay USL unless the UB Group entities paid them their dues.
The company “does not believe that the parties referred to above are entitled to withhold payment/repayment”, USL said. It also pointed to other matters concerning Kingfisher that are affecting its financial statements.
A creditor who is owed Rs.200 crore by Kingfisher wrote to USL saying his company had certain claims on USL’s assets based on agreements entered into in earlier years.
However, USL pointed out that its board had not approved these agreements, and the creditor backed off.
“...we are unable to conclude whether these instances can be termed as ‘fraud’ and whether there are other instances of a similar nature” until the completion of USL’s inquiry, BSR and Co. said.
Another potential headache for USL and parent Diageo is that Mallya, who is chairman of USL, was declared a wilful defaulter by state-owned United Bank of India earlier this week. The wilful defaulter tag will potentially cut off bank finance for UB Group companies and force him to quit company boards.
Mallya said on Thursday he would challenge United Bank ’s decision in a court.
Mallya assured USL’s board that “he will take appropriate steps to ensure that the operations of the company are not impacted”, USL said.
USL took a write-down of Rs.4,321.6 crore in the fourth quarter, of which Rs.3,616 crore was related to the sale of its Whyte & Mackay whisky business. Its earnings were further dented by a provision of Rs.1,012.75 crore that it had to set aside to cover debts that it may not be able to recover.
USL said on 9 May it will sell Whyte & Mackay to the Philippines-based Emperador Inc. for £430 million (about Rs.4,375 crore). It was forced to do so after British regulators raised concerns in November about the impact of Diageo’s acquisition of USL on whisky prices in the UK.
Total income for the quarter ended 31 March rose 3.84% to Rs.1,943.3 crore. The company has been losing market share to rivals Pernod Ricard and Allied Blenders and Distillers Pvt. Ltd over the past two years, and in the past six months, its market share losses have accelerated.
USL was initially expected to publish its March quarter and full-year results as far back as 16 May, but it said on 15 May that its earnings report would be delayed due to “unavoidable circumstances”.
It then said on 27 May that it would take more time to report its results, partly because of the accounting related to the sale of its Whyte & Mackay whisky business. In August, the audit committee of the company’s board raised issues about its accounting and sought “certain clarifications and information on the draft financial results and related issues” for the fourth quarter of last year.
Shares of the company fell 0.37% to Rs.2,390.25 on BSE on Thursday, while the exchange’s benchmark Sensex index slipped 0.2% to 27,085.93 points.

An open letter to PM Narendra Modi on Teachers  DayAn open letter to PM Narendra Modi on Teachers' Day
Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 04, 2014
First Published: 20:10 IST(4/9/2014) | Last Updated: 21:52 IST(4/9/2014)
Comments
Dear Prime Minister, We know you are busy giving final touches to your ‘Guru Mahotsav’ speech. It will probably be studded with your trademark anecdotes, witty alliterations and quotable quotes.
But, we are sure that you have left some blanks in your script—if there is one— to accommodate our last-minute suggestions and requests.
All of us often wonder why parents prefer to send children to private schools—where they are made to pay exorbitant fees that verge on extortion— but to government institutions for higher education.
One reason is that teachers at the elementary level lack the commitment and quality required to build a strong foundation, even though government school teachers get paid five to six times the money an average Indian makes.
The 2013 ASER (Annual Status of Education Report) survey—a reliable barometer of the level of learning in rural areas— shows only 32.6% students in standard III of government schools could read text meant for standard I. In private schools, the figure was 59.6%.
Similarly, just 20% children in standard V of government schools know how to divide and just 18.9% in standard III could do simple subtraction.
You are fond of the ‘Make in India’ slogan. How about a ‘Guru in Government School’ slogan? How about holding teachers accountable for results? How about giving them targets and assessing their performance annually? How about a ‘student fails, teacher pays’ policy? In return, free them of the responsibility of giving polio jabs; rid them of the burden of cooking mid-day meals and conducting elections.
Teaching children is a full-time specialized job; please do not let our teachers find valid excuses for staying away from classes.
Poll: Is it a good decision to make teachers and students listen to PM Modi's address on Teachers Day?
Here is a suggestion to begin with: why not have a separate ministry to focus on elementary education instead of putting everything under the HRD minister?
Dear Mr. Modi, we know that the role of school education is to help students read and write; understand the basic concepts of arithmetic; develop a scientific temperament; and a taste for art and culture; question superstition and separate the logical from the illogical and supercilious.       
But some of us worry that the ongoing ‘Hindu-Hindi-Hindutva’ rhetoric triggered by the Dinanath Batras of this world may end up making our children regressive by loading their impressionable minds with balderdash masquerading as swadeshi wisdom.
We all are, for instance, fond of childhood tales that ‘Pushpak Vimans’ were the preferred mode of transport during and before Ram Rajya. But we would all like these fantastic tales to be subjects of bedtime stories and not school syllabuses.
The world knows that the Wright Brothers invented the aeroplane; our children would become laughing stocks if they were to venture out and argue that scientists from our ‘pracheen sabhyata’ had managed to invent those mythological airplanes millenniums ago.
This is the age of education without barriers, an era of universities without geographies. You would agree that we will not gain anything by breeding a generation that fails to make the transition from our schools to the top medical colleges of the world simply because they were told that gau muthra had more medicinal value than a course of antibiotics!

Sotloff family challenges jihadist killers on IslamSotloff family challenges jihadist killers on Islam
AFP
print
The family of murdered US journalist Steven Sotloff have paid a moving tribute to "his gentle soul", as a friend challenged his jihadist killers to debate the teachings of Islam.
Barak Barfi, speaking on Wednesday for the Sotloff family in their first comment since his beheading was shown on a video released by the radical group Islamic State, remembered him as a thoughtful man who enjoyed simple pleasures and was fascinated by the Middle East.
Read: Slain US journalist was also an Israeli citizen
The Middle East scholar switched to Arabic at the end of his statement and in forceful language addressed himself directly to IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
"I also have a message to Abu Bakr. Woe to you! You said Ramadan is a month of mercy. Where is your mercy?", Barfi said.
"God does not like aggressors," he said.
"I am ready to debate with you. Abu Bakr, I come with kind preachings, I have no sword in my hand and I am ready for your response."
More angry language came Wednesday from US Vice President Joe Biden, who said the United States would be relentless in its fight against IS after its beheading of Sotloff and fellow American journalist James Foley.
"They should know we will follow them to the gates of hell until they are brought to justice. Because hell is where they will reside. Hell is where they will reside," Biden said in a speech, shaking his fist, his face red with vehemence.
'No war junkie'
Sotloff's horrific killing was shown in a video which emerged on Tuesday, just days after Foley was murdered by Islamic State militants in near-identical circumstances.
The 31-year-old had been drawn to reporting from the world's conflict zones because he was unable to "turn his back on the suffering pervading the world," Barfi said.
Sotloff's father briefly appeared holding a photo of his son, declining to speak to media.
Barfi said the reporter was attracted to Syria through a fascination with the Arab world.
"He was no war junkie, he did not want to be a modern-day Lawrence of Arabia: he merely wanted to give voice to those who had none," Barfi said.
"From the Libyan doctor who struggled with psychological services to children ravaged by war to the Syrian plumber who risked his life by crossing regime lines to purchase medicine, their story was Steve's story.
"He ultimately sacrificed his life to bring their story to the world," added Barfi, insisting that Sotloff was "no hero."
A mere man
"Like all of us, he was a mere man who tried to find good concealed in a world of darkness and if it did not exist he tried to create it."
Sotloff, well-versed in the history and culture of the Middle East, was taken captive in Syria last year.
The self-styled "stand-up philosopher from Miami," who wrote for Time, the Christian Science Monitor, Foreign Policy and World Affairs Journal, had always found time for family despite his workload.
Read: Despite dangers, US journalist Sotloff was determined to record Arab Spring's human toll
"He had a fondness for junk food he could not overcome and despite his busy schedule, he always found time to Skype his father to talk about his latest golf game," Barfi said.
"He was appreciated by all who met his sincerity and kindness. Steve had a gentle soul that this world will be without, but his spirit will endure in our hearts.
"This week, we mourn, but we will emerge from this ordeal. Our village is strong. We will not allow our enemies to hold us hostage with the sole weapons they possess: fear."
 

Tech upgrade for amateur tennis lovers soonLast Updated at 09:29 PM IST
Tech upgrade for amateur tennis lovers soon
PlaySight records footage via five strategically placed cameras and then slices and dices it for instant analysis
Professional tennis players competing in Grand Slam tournaments can call on the Hawk-Eye camera system to instantly review up to four disputed calls each set. Now, an even more advanced system by Israeli startup PlaySight Interactive Ltd is catering to amateurs - and could transform tennis instruction as we know it.
Developed by former Israeli Air Force engineers and endorsed by Novak Djokovic and Billie Jean King, PlaySight records footage via five strategically placed cameras and then slices and dices it for instant analysis.
"There are a lot of similarities between pilots and tennis players," says PlaySight Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Chen Shachar, who in May raised $3.5 million from a group of investors that included Bill Ackman, CEO of Pershing Square Capital Management, and Mark Ein, CEO of Venturehouse Group. "Individuals in both pursuits operate without coaching for long periods of time under physical and mental duress."
Just like a flight simulator, PlaySight uses auto-tagging software to track every "event-based decision" - or, in tennis terms, stroke. Want to review all your down-the-line backhands? Done. The software recognises all such shots, tags them and serves them up for review at a courtside kiosk, where you can zoom in, watch in slow motion or toggle among camera angles. And because PlaySight automatically uploads its video and data to the cloud, you can replay your heroics on your smartphone, tablet or PC at your leisure.
Video-led lessons
How useful is all this footage for your average amateur?
"I've stopped talking during lessons," says Gilad Bloom, a coach and former Association of Tennis Professionals Top 100 player who recently installed the system at The Club of Riverdale in the Bronx, New York, one of 50 or so facilities that PlaySight has wired to date. "I let them hit a few balls, and then we go look at the screen. They say, 'I'm not bending my knees.' I tell them, 'I know; I've been telling you that for three years!'"
Janet Balakian, a Tenafly, New Jersey-based founding partner of Third Coast Capital, took up tennis at the nearby Bogota Racquet Club last year. When her club installed PlaySight, she immediately noticed a difference.
"The other day, my instructor told me I was waggling my racket head," she says. "I was able to correct it after seeing it on the monitor, and for the rest of the day, I was hitting the most beautiful backhand."
Bad calls
Bloom says another potential benefit is the system's ability to eliminate bad calls.
"Imagine, in a few years, when every point at every tournament, from juniors to college to club tennis, can be replayed by a line judge with an iPad," he says.
Shachar expects his company to install 100 systems in the US this year, at around $10,000 each; international expansion will begin in earnest next year. Stefan Edberg, a former world No 1, was an early customer for his Swedish tennis institute, Ready Play, and Roland Garros Stadium (home of the French Open) and the esteemed Queen's Club in London have since followed suit.
"It's the wave of the future," says Manuel Diaz, head coach of the men's team at the University of Georgia, which installed PlaySight before hosting the National Collegiate Athletic Association championships in May. "All the schools were checking it out," he says.
Instant analytics
Prior to PlaySight, the university relied on Fribourg, Switzerland-based Dartfish for its video needs. Diaz would film his team's matches, overnight Dartfish the DVD and wait for the company to return a new DVD with the analytics included.
Professionals such as Roger Federer don't have it much better. During Grand Slam events, International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) - a perennial sponsor - provides athletes with DVDs containing footage and analytics. Unlike PlaySight, however, neither Dartfish nor IBM's system allows you to review, say, only your aces; you have to wade through the entire match hunting for them. PlaySight is also the only service that tracks the speed of each shot, its height over the net and its depth.
A software update scheduled for later this year will allow the system to track a ball's revolutions per minute. In theory, that means players will be able to compare different rackets and even string patterns to see how they affect spin.
Of course, just because players have access to PlaySight's intel doesn't mean they'll suddenly be dropping 120-mile-per-hour (193-kilometer-per-hour) serves into the corners of the service box.
"But when you can see where the ball lands," Bloom says, "you can work on your weaknesses and try to increase your percentages. One of the most-boring aspects of practice becomes fun."
 Advertisements

Baidu builds largest computer brain for online queriesLast Updated at 09:28 PM IST
Baidu builds largest computer brain for online queries
Baidu's computing cluster will be 100 times more powerful than the 2012 Google Inc project dubbed Google Brain
Baidu Inc is building the world's largest and most powerful computer cluster to improve image recognition as online queries move away from text.
With about 100 billion digitally simulated neural connections, Baidu's computing cluster will be 100 times more powerful than the 2012 Google Inc project dubbed "Google Brain", Andrew Ng, chief scientist at the operator of China's biggest search engine, said in an interview. Engineers at a Baidu lab in Silicon Valley are designing the project, which will be built in Beijing and completed in about six months, according to Ng.
Within five years, online searches based on voice and pictures will account for more than half the total as users of mobile devices seek easier ways to find information, Baidu Chief Executive Officer Robin Li said on Wednesday. Better image recognition will require more computing power, according to Ng. "The bigger you build these things, the better they perform," said Ng, who was hired by Baidu in May. "Our initial task is to recognise images better, to create computer vision."
The Baidu system will be about 10 times more powerful than a 2013 computer cluster at the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Ng said.
The chief scientist was involved in both the "Google Brain" and Stanford projects before joining Baidu. The human brain has about 100 trillion neural connections. Baidu's network is using the same kind of more powerful servers with graphics process unit computing that was applied by Stanford researchers, rather than the central processing unit technology deployed for Google's network, Ng said.
So-called deep learning capability by computers configured to simulate human brain function has already reduced speech recognition error rates by 25 per cent, Ng said.
Mobile technology is driving online searches, shifting demand for how users query for information, Li said at the company's Baidu World conference in Beijing on Wednesday.
China had 632 million internet users as of June, with 83 per cent using mobile phones to access the Web, according to the China Internet Network Information Center.
About 10 per cent of Baidu search queries are done by voice, Li said. Within five years, voice and image searches will surpass text queries, he said.
"In the mobile era, consumer behavior is changing," Li said at conference. "For search, we can now use voice. Voice and speech is a more natural way to express our requests."
 Advertisements

Path of stolen credit cards leads to home depot storesLast Updated at 09:27 PM IST
Path of stolen credit cards leads to home depot stores
There are two tracks to finding the identity of a company that has been hit by cybercriminals. Both of them involve going backward.
Over the last few days, thousands of fresh credit and debit card numbers have surfaced on so-called carding sites, which are websites where stolen credit card data is sold. On those sites, Eastern European hackers are selling the stolen account information of people in cities as distant as Mission Viejo, California, and Hanover They are charging as much as $50 a card.
Bank employees, fraud detectives at computer security companies and law enforcement officials are tracing the path taken by the stolen cards, tracking the source of what appears to be the latest in a series of major data breaches that the Secret Service and the Department of Homeland Security believe has affected more than 1,000 American retailers.
So far, all roads point back to Home Depot. And if the evidence uncovered so far proves to be valid, the hack could top the record-setting breach of Target's network last December.
Investigators are searching for what they call "a common point of purchase" among the cards.
 Advertisements

Kuwait Petroleum CorporationSep 09, 2014 at 16:37 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sharmila Joshi of sharmilajoshi.com prefers Hindustan Petroleum Corporation and Axis Bank.
Sep 09, 2014 at 16:35 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nooresh Merani, CEO at Analyse India suggests buying Hindustan Petroleum Corporation.
Super Six: Top chart picks for today
Sep 09, 2014 at 08:26 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Kunal Bothra of LKP advises buying Escorts with a target of Rs 155 and Dishman Pharma with a target of Rs 182-183.
Morgan Stanley sees Sensex at 33900 but conditions apply
Sep 06, 2014 at 15:35 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Desai expects the Sensex to rally as high as 33900, but with some conditions- the government continues to work on it fiscal consolidation path and the Fed doesnt take an disruptive policy action.
Wiping off under-recoveries: What does HPCL plan to do now?
Sep 05, 2014 at 22:06 | Source: CNBC-TV18
With diesel under recovery at historical low of Rs 0.08 a litre, CNBC-TV18s Sajeet Manghat asked the chairperson of HPCL Nishi Vasudeva what is the plan once the under recovery is completely wiped out?
Expect volatility in global equity market: Astromoneyguru
Sep 05, 2014 at 11:12 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
According to Ajay Jain, CEO of astromoneyguru.com, combinations of Mercury and Ketu are known for highest volatility in global equity market. As per astro economics, short traders may trade in specific stocks and sectors in the stock market.
Stocks in news: Tech Mahindra, United Breweries, Info Edge
Sep 05, 2014 at 08:24 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Tech Mahindra | United Breweries | JSW Steel | Info Edge | Tata Communications | OnMobile Global | BPCL | Pennar Industries | SKS Microfinance | Mangalore Chemicals | Tata Power and Simplex Infra are stocks, which are in the news today.
Buy BPCL, ONGC: Ajay Bagga
Sep 03, 2014 at 16:46 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Ajay Bagga, Executive Chairman at OPC Asset Solutions is of the view that one can buy Bharat Petroleum Corporation and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation.
Go long in Reliance Industries, says Rahul Mohindar
Sep 03, 2014 at 15:34 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Rahul Mohindar, Technical Analyst at viratechindia.com recommends going long in Reliance Industries as the stock may move to Rs 1080.
HPCL, BPCL, IOC at multi-year high as Brent at 16-month low
Sep 03, 2014 at 12:02 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
According to Goldman Sachs, any policy move towards actual de-regulation of diesel prices, with OMCs having freedom to change retail prices in line with international oil prices and USD/INR, is a key catalyst for OMCs.
Sep 09, 2014 at 16:35 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nooresh Merani, CEO at Analyse India suggests buying Hindustan Petroleum Corporation.
Sep 09, 2014 at 16:37 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sharmila Joshi of sharmilajoshi.com prefers Hindustan Petroleum Corporation and Axis Bank.
Super Six: Top chart picks for today
Sep 09, 2014 at 08:26 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Kunal Bothra of LKP advises buying Escorts with a target of Rs 155 and Dishman Pharma with a target of Rs 182-183.
Morgan Stanley sees Sensex at 33900 but conditions apply
Sep 06, 2014 at 15:35 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Desai expects the Sensex to rally as high as 33900, but with some conditions- the government continues to work on it fiscal consolidation path and the Fed doesnt take an disruptive policy action.
Wiping off under-recoveries: What does HPCL plan to do now?
Sep 05, 2014 at 22:06 | Source: CNBC-TV18
With diesel under recovery at historical low of Rs 0.08 a litre, CNBC-TV18s Sajeet Manghat asked the chairperson of HPCL Nishi Vasudeva what is the plan once the under recovery is completely wiped out?
Expect volatility in global equity market: Astromoneyguru
Sep 05, 2014 at 11:12 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
According to Ajay Jain, CEO of astromoneyguru.com, combinations of Mercury and Ketu are known for highest volatility in global equity market. As per astro economics, short traders may trade in specific stocks and sectors in the stock market.
Stocks in news: Tech Mahindra, United Breweries, Info Edge
Sep 05, 2014 at 08:24 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Tech Mahindra | United Breweries | JSW Steel | Info Edge | Tata Communications | OnMobile Global | BPCL | Pennar Industries | SKS Microfinance | Mangalore Chemicals | Tata Power and Simplex Infra are stocks, which are in the news today.
Buy BPCL, ONGC: Ajay Bagga
Sep 03, 2014 at 16:46 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Ajay Bagga, Executive Chairman at OPC Asset Solutions is of the view that one can buy Bharat Petroleum Corporation and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation.
Go long in Reliance Industries, says Rahul Mohindar
Sep 03, 2014 at 15:34 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Rahul Mohindar, Technical Analyst at viratechindia.com recommends going long in Reliance Industries as the stock may move to Rs 1080.
IOC can give 10-12% upside: Amit Gupta
Sep 03, 2014 at 12:01 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Amit Gupta of ICICIdirect is of the view that Indian Oil Corporation can give 10-12 percent of upside.
Videos »

Walgreens sales rise 6.2% in fourth quarterWalgreens sales rise 6.2% in fourth quarter
Walgreen pharmacy
Bloomberg file photo
Customers wait at the pharmacy counter of a Walgreen Co. store in Oak Park in 2011.
Customers wait at the pharmacy counter of a Walgreen Co. store in Oak Park in 2011. (Bloomberg file photo)
Walgreens
Walgreens said Thursday that its sales rose 6.2 percent in the fourth quarter, driven largely by pharmacy sales.
Sales reached $19.06 billion, in line with Wall Street’s estimates. Sales in stores open at least a year -- a key gauge of retailer health since it excludes a boost from new stores -- rose 5.6 percent in the quarter that ended August 31. 
Walgreen Co.’s pharmacy database crashed and remained down for several hours on Friday morning, blocking customers from filling prescriptions. ( Peter Frost )
The Deerfield-based company said pharmacy sales in established stores rose 8.2 percent in the fourth quarter, while prescriptions filled in established stores climbed 3.9 percent. Pharmacy sales account for two-thirds of Walgreens business.
The company also reported overall sales in August rose to $6.39 billion, up from $6.1 billion at the same time last year.
August sales in established stores rose 3.7 percent. Customer traffic in established stores dropped by 1.7 percent in August, although customers' purchases rose 3.1 percent. Prescriptions filled in established stores rose 1.1 percent. 
Also last month, pharmacy sales at established stores rose 5 percent, while prescriptions in stores open at least a year rose 1.1 percent.
Walgreens opened 23 stores in August, including four relocations, and closed five stores. The company operates 8,309 locations in the United States, including the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. 
cshropshire@tribune.com

Is this (finally) QE from the ECBAbout Gavyn
Blog guide
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
A blog on macroeconomics, economic policymaking and the financial markets. Gavyn usually writes about a key topic of the week on Sunday.
Follow Gavyn Davies on the A-List .
Follow @gavyndavies
Gavyn Davies is a macroeconomist who is now chairman of Fulcrum Asset Management and co-founder of Prisma Capital Partners. He was the head of the global economics department at Goldman Sachs from 1987-2001, and was chairman of the BBC from 2001-2004.
He has also served as an economic policy adviser in No 10 Downing Street, an external adviser to the British Treasury, and as a visiting professor at the London School of Economics.
Gavyn Davies is an active investor and may have financial interests and holdings in any of the topics about which he writes. The views expressed are solely those of Mr Davies and in no way reflect the views of Prisma Capital Partners LP, Fulcrum Asset Management LLP, their respective affiliates or representatives. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, investment advice or recommendations. Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investments.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

BPs walloping fine for gross negligence could wipe out a whole years profitSeptember 4, 2014
This story has been updated with BP’s response.
One of BP’s main survival strategies over the last four years has been to limit the US cash fine it will owe as a result of the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil blowout that killed 11 people and spilled millions of barrels of petroleum. But a judge today rejected the company’s arguments, ruling that it may owe as much as $18 billion in fines, five times the sum that BP had budgeted.
The devastating ruling in New Orleans caused BP’s share price to plunge by more than 6% during the day. The company did not respond to an email requesting comment but on its website  called the judge’s reasoning “erroneous,” and said it will appeal. Oil supermajors typically resist—sometimes for decades—before paying up in court cases.
After an initial public relations offensive to turn around the blow to its reputation caused by the biggest offshore oil spill in US history, BP has recently pushed back. Just this week , the company asked US Judge Carl Barbier to replace an administrator who adjudicates victims claims along the Gulf Coast.
Now BP must determine how far to keep pushing. Today’s unfavorable ruling was from Judge Barbier, who declared BP grossly negligent in the spill. Barbier had the choice of acquitting BP entirely or declaring it only “negligent.” With his finding of gross negligence, Barbier indicated that he is far from sympathetic to BP’s presentation of the facts of the case.
“BP’s conduct was reckless,” Barbier wrote in his decision. As for BP’s two partners on the rig, he wrote, “Transocean’s conduct was negligent. Halliburton’s conduct was negligent.” That means their fines will be smaller than BP’s.
The finding, which involves violation of the US Clean Water Act, makes BP liable for up to $4,300 for each barrel spilled. Barbier must still determine the total volume, but the US government estimate until now has been about 4.2 million barrels, meaning a fine of $18 billion. BP has said it has set aside $3.5 billion to account for the fine, so—if the ruling is upheld on appeal—it would have to find another $14.5 billion. That’s more than the $13.4 billion in total profit that the company reported last year.
Share this:

Mobile phone connections cross 91-crore mark: 3 key pointsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Bengaluru International AirportGVK Power surges 5% on green nod to import coal from SA
Aug 28, 2014 at 14:41 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GVK is setting up a 2x270 MW Thermal Power Plant at Goindwal Sahib tehsil in Tarn Taran district of Punjab, and both the units have been synchronised to the grid.
GVK Power soars 5%, MIAL starts monetisation of real estate
Aug 27, 2014 at 11:39 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hyderabad-based GVK Power and Infrastructure today said the subsidiary Mumbai International Airport (MIAL) has started monetisation of its commercial real estate by finalising lease of one of the parcel to Oasis Realty Private Limited.
GVK MIAL awards land parcel to Oasis Realty
Aug 27, 2014 at 10:21 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GVK Power & Infrastructure Ltd has informed BSE that Mumbai International Airport Pvt. Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company has announced kick starting of monetization of its commercial real estate by finalizing lease of one of the parcel to Oasis Realty Private Limited.
GVK MIAL inks property development deal worth Rs 580 cr
Aug 27, 2014 at 09:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sanjay Reddy, vice chairman, GVK Power says the deal comes as the realty sector is seeing greenshoots of revival under the Modi-led government.
Singapore's Changi out of race for GVK airports stake
Aug 21, 2014 at 19:34 | Source: PTI
GVK Group CFO Issac George said the stake sale could not proceed as planned due to a lower valuation and currently due diligence is undertaken by one of the investors.
Modi to dedicate super thermal power proj to nation
Aug 20, 2014 at 15:52 | Source: PTI
On his arrival at Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport, the PM will proceed to Mouda, about 30 kms from here, to dedicate the super thermal power station of NTPC to the nation.
Modi sets ambitious FY15 targets for Indian infra sector
Aug 13, 2014 at 20:30 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The PM has directed the Airport Authority of India to invest Rs 934crore in FY15 versus Rs 564 crore in FY14. He has also asked for new international airports to be declared in Bhopal, Indore and Raipur as well as the development of 50 airports in Tier 1, 2 & 3 cities and commencement of work in 5 cities.
Safari Industries India: Outcome of board meeting
Jul 28, 2014 at 22:10 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Safari Industries India at its meeting held on July 28, 2014, has approved the appointment of Mr. Hetal Gandhi as an Additional Director of the Company. Shifting the registered office of the Company to 403 A wing, The Qube, CTS No. 1498, Near International Airport, M.V. Road, Marol, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400 059 w.e.f. October 01, 2014.
GMR eyes nod for buying out partner's stake in MRO facility
Jul 23, 2014 at 19:15 | Source: PTI
The MRO facility being operated under the name of MAS GMR Aerospace Engineering Company Ltd (MGAECL) was set up at an investment of around Rs 350 crore.
CAG pillories PPP model for Mumbai airport
Jul 18, 2014 at 15:31 | Source: PTI
Takes Civil Aviation Ministry to task for granting extensions to the project, which was delayed by four years, and not penalising the private-led airport operator MIAL for it.
GVK Power surges 5% on green nod to import coal from SA
Aug 28, 2014 at 14:41 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GVK is setting up a 2x270 MW Thermal Power Plant at Goindwal Sahib tehsil in Tarn Taran district of Punjab, and both the units have been synchronised to the grid.
GVK Power soars 5%, MIAL starts monetisation of real estate
Aug 27, 2014 at 11:39 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hyderabad-based GVK Power and Infrastructure today said the subsidiary Mumbai International Airport (MIAL) has started monetisation of its commercial real estate by finalising lease of one of the parcel to Oasis Realty Private Limited.
GVK MIAL inks property development deal worth Rs 580 cr
Aug 27, 2014 at 09:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sanjay Reddy, vice chairman, GVK Power says the deal comes as the realty sector is seeing greenshoots of revival under the Modi-led government.
GVK MIAL awards land parcel to Oasis Realty
Aug 27, 2014 at 10:21 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GVK Power & Infrastructure Ltd has informed BSE that Mumbai International Airport Pvt. Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company has announced kick starting of monetization of its commercial real estate by finalizing lease of one of the parcel to Oasis Realty Private Limited.
Singapore's Changi out of race for GVK airports stake
Aug 21, 2014 at 19:34 | Source: PTI
GVK Group CFO Issac George said the stake sale could not proceed as planned due to a lower valuation and currently due diligence is undertaken by one of the investors.
Modi to dedicate super thermal power proj to nation
Aug 20, 2014 at 15:52 | Source: PTI
On his arrival at Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport, the PM will proceed to Mouda, about 30 kms from here, to dedicate the super thermal power station of NTPC to the nation.
Modi sets ambitious FY15 targets for Indian infra sector
Aug 13, 2014 at 20:30 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The PM has directed the Airport Authority of India to invest Rs 934crore in FY15 versus Rs 564 crore in FY14. He has also asked for new international airports to be declared in Bhopal, Indore and Raipur as well as the development of 50 airports in Tier 1, 2 & 3 cities and commencement of work in 5 cities.
Safari Industries India: Outcome of board meeting
Jul 28, 2014 at 22:10 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Safari Industries India at its meeting held on July 28, 2014, has approved the appointment of Mr. Hetal Gandhi as an Additional Director of the Company. Shifting the registered office of the Company to 403 A wing, The Qube, CTS No. 1498, Near International Airport, M.V. Road, Marol, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400 059 w.e.f. October 01, 2014.
GMR eyes nod for buying out partner's stake in MRO facility
Jul 23, 2014 at 19:15 | Source: PTI
The MRO facility being operated under the name of MAS GMR Aerospace Engineering Company Ltd (MGAECL) was set up at an investment of around Rs 350 crore.
CAG pillories PPP model for Mumbai airport
Jul 18, 2014 at 15:31 | Source: PTI
Takes Civil Aviation Ministry to task for granting extensions to the project, which was delayed by four years, and not penalising the private-led airport operator MIAL for it.
Videos »

Rains lash north India  20 killed in Jammu and KashmirApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Govt discloses file notings on Mudgal panel alleging lobbying by WalmartApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Celebrations  protests mark Andhra Pradesh decision of making Vijayawada capitalApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Mumbai: Amit Shah diffuses tension between Sena-BJPOn his maiden visit to Mumbai after his selection as national president of the BJP, Amit Shah meant business.
  
Play Pause
BJP chief Amit Shah and his family members along with MP Gopal Shetty (R) at the Lalbagcha Raja Ganesh mandal in Mumbai. (PTI photo)
Amit Shah with leader of Opposition in Maharashtra legislative council Vinod Tawde at the latter's residence in Mumbai. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
The Mumbai-born BJP chief Amit Shah was given a tumultuous welcome by thousands of party activists and top leaders at the Mumbai airport. (PTI photo)
BJP chief Amit Shah was given a tumultuous welcome by thousands of party activists and top leaders at the Mumbai airport. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
BJP president Amit Shah met party workers in Mumbai ahead of assembly elections in Maharashtra. This was his maiden visit after assuming charge as the party chief. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
BJP president Amit Shah met the state's party workers at party leader Vinod Tawde's residence in Mumbai. Elections are due next month in Maharashtra. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
BJP president Amit Shah with the state's party workers at Vinod Tawde's residence in Mumbai. This is his first Mumbai visit after taking charge of the BJP. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
BJP chief Amit Shah with the state's party workers at leader of opposition in Maharashtra Legislative Council Vinod Tawde's residence in Mumbai. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
Putting an end to uncertainty over BJP-Sena alliance, Shah ensured on Thursday that his party's ongoing tussle with the alliance partner didn't stretch beyond a point. He extended a thaw to a long-time ally immediately after arriving in Mumbai when he said the two partners would be together in the Assembly polls and asked BJP workers to leave seat-sharing with Sena to the leaders from either side, and work relentlessly for the victory of grand alliance.
Amid speculations that he may avoid meeting the Sena President, Shah accepted Uddhav Thackeray’s invitation to visit the latter’s Bandra residence and also paid tributes to late Bal Thackeray at his Shivaji Park memorial in the afternoon. Uddhav reciprocated Shah’s gesture by skipping questions by the prodding media at a conference earlier in the day. Insiders expected the two parties to expedite remaining formalities under the joint efforts of Shah and Uddhav.
Shah’s message to state BJP’s core committee was very clear: don’t waste energies in waiting for seat-sharing and instead concentrate on campaigning. He said such situations created doubt among the foot soldiers of the party, who needed to work freely at the grass-root level. He told leaders the alliance with Sena must stay for ensuring better poll results, directing them for getting smaller allies on board before two major partners started talking their respective share, which state BJP wants not less than half of the total 288 seats.
Shah set agenda for the alliance when he accused the Congress-NCP of corruption worth Rs. 11.88 lakh crore in the past 15 years. “You will not win because of the mahaual (situation) and speeches made by the leaders, but you will win only when you take this message (of corruption and bad governance) to the people who are yearning for changing the state government,” he told BJP workers at Shanmukhanand Hall in the evening.
He said the money siphoned off by the Congress and NCP leaders could be traced to the assets made by their kin. “The state could have developed in all sectors by using the money these people made in corruption. 
Shah said BJP, under Modi’s leadership, could alone give the country and Maharashtra good governance. “Chhatrapati Shivaji not only gave this country freedom from a fanatic emperor like Aurangzeb, but also established good governance. This is the place from where Shivaji started his mission. You also start yet another mission from here; you should make Maharashtra Congress-free, so that the country entire too gets rid of the Congress.”
BJP chief blamed everything under the sun on the Congress and NCP. “Even the mother nature is not happy with these people who intentions are impure. The successive droughts happened in Maharashtra only because of the corrupt Congress and NCP. Look at the BJP-led governments in the neighborhood; the states like Gujarat did not have a single drought ever since Narendra Modi took over there.”
A sitting MLA and two ex-MPs from the ruling combine joined BJP in the presence of Shah, who appealed to good leaders from all parties to join BJP’s effort of toppling the corrupt government.
Watch: Make Maharashtra Congress free, says BJP chief Amit Shah
 

This has been a huge year for US IPOs  and its just warming upTalk of the death of the IPO may be premature.
So far, 188 companies have raised over $40 billion in US IPOs 2014. A big backlog means there could be as many as 100 more this year, raising the total money raised to $80 billion for the year, according to an estimate by Renaissance Capital . That would be the most money raised since 2000, and nearly 50% more than last year (itself a high point).
There have been more than 40 filings in two different months this year, something that hadn’t happened previously since the pre-financial-crisis days of 2007. There have already been 261 initial filings (indicating an intention to IPO) this year—more than there were all of last year:
The report highlights the announced deals that are set to launch over the rest of the year, and the industries that look likely to raise the most cash. Renaissance predicts a “fall surge,” with the last four months of the year’s IPOs raising as much money as the previous eight months.
Technology is the unsurprising leader: The Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba leads the pack with what’s expected to be one of the biggest tech IPOs of all time, dwarfing the other companies. Here’s how some of the significant tech IPOs expected this year stack up. (Alibaba is left out of this chart because it’s such an outlier that it throws off the scale entirely.):
Share
Tap image to zoom
Biotechnology and healthcare have also been on a roll. There have been 51 biotech IPOs this year, and many more are likely to come on the back of significant M&A activity, Renaissance predicts. The deals are smaller, on average, but there are many of them:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Finance and energy have a significant presence in the IPO pipeline as well. Expected multi-billion-dollar IPOs for Citizens Financial Group and Paramount Group could make those companies the fifth and sixth finance IPOs in the over-a-billion range for the year, compared to just one last year:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Though there are a number of large deals expected, none of those highlighted in Renaissance’s report come even close to Alibaba, which is expected to raise more money than the next nine deals mentioned combined:

Mystique and the ManMystique and the Man
PM Narendra Modi government not pursuing radical reform: StudyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Iraq goes to court to hit Kurds oil salesSeptember 4, 2014 7:21 pm
Iraq prepares legal crackdown on Kurdish oil sales
By Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/438e40ee-342b-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Co-op Group shows signs of life© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a4b00576-3438-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Losing the VajpayeewayThe Modi government must realise that Kashmir is a political problem and needs a political resolution. (Source: AP)
Written by Mirwaiz Umar Farooq | Posted: September 5, 2014 12:18 am
When India invited Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to Delhi for Narendra Modi’s swearing in, there was hope in Kashmir that the new dispensation would carry forward the peace initiative of Atal Bihari Vajpayee. It didn’t last.  Delhi soon took the confrontationist approach towards Kashmir and Pakistan, which is likely to be detrimental for all three parties.
The decision taken by Delhi to call off the foreign secretary-level talks with Islamabad just because we met the Pakistan high ­commissioner in Delhi is a move in the wrong direction and contrary to what the Vajpayee government stood for. The dialogue between India and Pakistan primarily focuses on Kashmir and there is no logic in keeping Kashmiris out of it. Delhi’s decision also goes against the basics of international law and justice.
For the past 60 years, Kashmiris have been fighting for their political rights. In the last 20 years, one lakh people have been killed, thousands widowed and orphaned, and close to 10,000 people have disappeared in custody. Kashmiris suffer for a cause, a right they were promised 67 years ago, both by India and Pakistan. Kashmiris have suffered because they wanted a say in the resolution of the issue. They wanted to be heard and their views reflected in any possible settlement. When India and Pakistan sit to discuss Kashmir, they are talking about people, and not cattle. It is our problem and it is about our future.
Delhi needs to understand that Kashmir is not like any other conflict, that it has a history and a context. Kashmir can’t be compared with any other internal dispute India has. Delhi came to this realisation when Vajpayee was in office. He talked about talks within the “ambit of humanity”. That prompted us to respond and we reciprocated the sentiment. We went to Pakistan, a trip that was facilitated by Delhi. In Pakistan, we discussed the four-point proposals, we talked about an out-of-the-box solution.
Pakistan believed that Kashmiri involvement could solve its problems too. Pakistani leaders believed that if Kashmir’s leadership agreed to an out-of-the-box solution, they could sell it within Pakistan as a resolution proposed and accepted by the people of Kashmir.
It was a beginning that could have taken us all a long way. But the UPA government didn’t build on the initiatives taken by ­Vajpayee, despite the many opportunities that came its way. It seems the new government is heading in the same direction — towards a confrontation with Kashmir and Pakistan.
A confrontation is not going to lead us anywhere. At the peak of the armed resistance in Kashmir, the pro-India political parties, including the National Conference, had an anti-Kashmir stand. Even they have realised that the Kashmir dispute needs to be ­resolved. The Hurriyat clearly stands vindicated.
The continued…

Is this the way to energise civilservantsThe renovated Laxmi Vilas hotel, which, at the time of divestment in 2002, was spending Rs 3 crore to earn Rs 2 crore annually.
Written by Arun Shourie | Posted: September 5, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 8:04 am
CBI move to investigate the disinvestment of Udaipur’s Laxmi Vilas hotel on the basis of an anonymous oral complaint, 12 years after the decision, holds a lesson for those who are trying to get the bureaucracy going.
Hindustan Zinc was privatised in April 2002. The privatisation was challenged on various grounds in the Supreme Court. In December 2012, after hearing counsel, the SC rejected the challenge.
That did not deter the CBI. In February 2014 — TWELVE years after the disinvestment, and with HARDLY A YEAR having passed since the SC delivered its judgment — the CBI launched a new “investigation” into the disinvestment.
When its officers came to me, I asked them about the complaint on the basis of which they had commenced the investigation. They said that there had been nothing in writing, just an oral complaint!
The same pattern has now been repeated in the case of the disinvestment of Laxmi Vilas Hotel in Udaipur. The hotel was disposed of in 2002. Of the ITDC’s 20-odd hotels, this one had distinguished itself
by incurring the highest loss: to earn gross revenue of Rs 2 crore a year, the hotel spent Rs 3 crore — a loss of 51 per cent. The occupancy rate of the hotel had fallen to 26 per cent. Far from being a luxury palace, the place was in shambles — the plant and machinery were defunct, the furniture, etc were in the sorriest state that you can imagine. This will be evident from two elementary facts. ELEVEN parties expressed an initial interest in bidding for the hotel. FIVE of them carried out thorough due diligence. Such was the condition of the property that four of the five dropped out. I am informed that Bharat Hotels — the winning bidder — had to spend Rs 25 to 30 crore on renovating the place and getting its plant and machinery in working order. Furthermore, the quality of the staff was such that Bharat Hotels had to spend another Rs 3 to 5 crore on voluntary retirement schemes.
TWELVE years after the disinvestment, the CBI has registered an FIR — naming, among others, the then secretary of the disinvestment ministry and accusing him, among other things, of “dishonestly and fraudulently and with mala fide intention” doing this, that and the other. On what basis? The FIR itself states that it has been registered on the basis of “an anonymous complaint”. I will come in a moment to the utter indefensibles that mar the FIR, but the first point to consider is: Should any agency have the authority to harass civil servants for decisions taken 12 years ago? Should it have the power to ruin the continued…

Comedy and TV Legend Joan Rivers Has Died at 81comedy and tv legend joan rivers has died at 81
Lego poised to unseat Mattel as No. 1 toymakerLego closes in on Mattel as hit movie boosts sales
Lego becomes the world's largest toy maker
There's a new champion in the world of toys, Lego has taken over as the world's largest toy maker.
There's a new champion in the world of toys, Lego has taken over as the world's largest toy maker.
By Katarina Gustafsson, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
Mattel Inc. Star Wars (movie) Hasbro Inc.
STOCKHOLM — Lego expanded revenue in the first half, bridging the gap with toy industry market leader Mattel as consumers flocked to pick up play sets from box office hit "The Lego Movie."
Sales rose 11 percent in kroner to the equivalent of $2 billion at the Billund, Denmark-based maker of plastic bricks, matching those of Barbie-maker Mattel, which reported a 7 percent decline in the same period.
A 7-year-old girl wrote a letter to Lego in January urging the toy company to make play sets featuring female figures with jobs instead of only girls hanging at the beach with their friends. ( Ellen Jean Hirst )
The results pit the two largest toy companies against each other going into the all-important holiday shopping season, when El Segundo, California-based Mattel makes a greater proportion of annual sales. Lego is pushing out Star Wars-branded sets and its own Movie, City and Creator products to gain revenue, while Mattel saw declining demand for lines ranging from Barbie to Fisher-Price.
"Surely the shot in the arm has come from the phenomenal success of The Lego Movie," said Robert Porter, an analyst at researcher Euromonitor. "Not only did the movie gross around $500 million worldwide, it has also been pivotal in promoting new and existing product lines."
8
Lego, which gets 60 percent of total sales from new products annually, said "The Lego Movie," which opened in theaters earlier this year, was a significant contributor to revenue growth.
Products including the toymaker's Star Wars building sets and its traditional City line, which features firefighters and police, also continued to contribute to very strong growth globally, Lego said. Net income rose 14 percent to 2.7 billion kroner ($477 million).
"Our geographic growth was very evenly spread," Chief Financial Officer John Goodwin said in a telephone interview. "We had double-digit growth across all three regions: America, Europe and Asia."
The Danish company controls about 65 percent of the construction toy market, according to Euromonitor, which estimates the market will grow to about $12.8 billion by 2018 from $8.3 billion last year. Mega Brands, which was bought this year by Mattel, is number two with a 5.3 percent stake.
Lego last year overtook Pawtucket, Rhode Island-based Hasbro to become the world's No. 2 toymaker in terms of sales.
0
Revenue in the first half of 2014 more than tripled compared with six years ago, Chief Executive Officer Joergen Vig Knudstorp said in the statement.
The Danish toymaker, which gets most of its sales in the last two months of the year, is now gearing up for Christmas.
"Meeting the demand of our retailers and our consumers is very important for us," Goodwin said on the phone. "We don't want to have any disappointed kids during the holiday period."
The company this year started building a new factory in China in order to increase flexibility by being closer to core markets. Consumer sales in the country rose by more than 50 percent in the first half, Lego said Thursday.
"It's important to get the Goldilocks effect, to get it just right and that's what we're focusing on," Goodwin said.
Lego, whose name is derived from the Danish words for "play well," is controlled by the family of carpenter Ole Kirk Kristiansen, who founded the business in 1932. His grandson Kjeld Kirk Kristiansen, 66, is Denmark's richest man with a net worth of $7.2 billion, according to Bloomberg rankings.
 

Russian forces near Ukraine more lethal than ever: USRussian forces near Ukraine more lethal than ever: US
Obama admin to brief Congress members on Islamic StateObama admin to brief Congress members on Islamic State
Will recuse myself from probe if SC orders: CBI chiefWill recuse myself from probe if SC orders: CBI chief
Bloomberg lured back to helmSeptember 4, 2014 5:54 pm
Challenges lure Bloomberg back to helm of media empire
By Matthew Garrahan and Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fbf19864-344b-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kristine Maudal & Even Fossen (Brainwells)GET UPDATES FROM Kristine Maudal & Even Fossen (Brainwells)
 
Like
8
After years of holding leadership positions at various companies like Apple Computer, Warner Bros., and Philips, followed by a period with successful entrepreneurial activities, Even Fossen and Kristine Maudal met in a common passion for unleashing the inner strengths of an organization. Today they are partners at Brainwells, a company focusing on improving the corporate world, working internationally with ambitious top executive teams and corporations. Their goal is to help create profitable and emotional intelligent organizations, where the culture works as a strong enabler for the strategy and vision. Fossen and Maudal both hold business degrees from the US., live in Norway, and work all over the place. A blend of the Scandinavian approach to a happy working life and the US way of innovative thinking creates the fundaments of their philosophy. Follow their blog www.leadershipcouragefun.com or get more info here: www.brainwells.com
Follow us at twitter: http://twitter.com/brainwells
Entries by Kristine Maudal & Even Fossen (Brainwells)
Made With Love
(0) Comments | Posted September  3, 2014 | 5:34 AM
It is easy to forget the negative power of not saying something. This week we are out traveling, and this morning we had an interesting conversation with one of the owners of the heartwarming, lovely and beautiful place where we are...
Why Progress Is the Sweetest Thing
(0) Comments | Posted August 20, 2014 | 7:33 AM
"Hey, I can't believe how far we've moved from where we were this morning. That's really satisfying. I'm so happy." No, I am not talking about a road-trip. I am talking about what we are trying to achieve at work.
Many leaders are concerned about how to...
4 Things to Do to Make You a Better You
(1) Comments | Posted August 12, 2014 | 5:11 PM
Today many in our part of the world agree that personal development is important and that we live in a time where we must be adaptive and open to change. This is quite easy to acknowledge -- as long as it does not apply to ourselves.
In our endeavors we...
Why Taking Time Off Is Valuable for Your Career
(0) Comments | Posted August  5, 2014 | 1:13 PM
When you are really busy in your life and career, it might feel like a utopian thought to take a few days off. Not to mention a few weeks. Days or weeks where you can whisk away on a much-needed...
How to Tackle Negative Feedback and Still Feel Great
(0) Comments | Posted July 24, 2014 | 12:32 PM
It's always embarrassing. And I guess you know the feeling. Sometimes it is hard to get feedback. And really hard if it feels negative, unfair or totally out of line. When it happens to me, my heart often starts pounding like a hammer, and I must admit that there have...
What Is the Cost of Your Leadership?
(0) Comments | Posted July  8, 2014 | 12:31 PM
Imagine the coolest racing car ever built. And you are the one in charge. You are ambitiously leading the construction team. You have a vivid image of how the finished car will be. It will be unique, something new to the world, and you feel really proud being a part...
Climbing the Corporate Ladder... and Falling Down
(1) Comments | Posted July  2, 2014 | 3:35 PM
There have been a few moments in my life, beautiful moments, where someone I've met tells me that what we talked about once, totally transformed their life. At first, I had no clue about what they were referring to. Today I know. What I usually get is a variation of...
Being a Good Leader Is Not a Popularity Contest
(0) Comments | Posted June 26, 2014 | 2:57 PM
The corporate world is changing. Again. And the requirements for how to be a good leader are also changing. Again.
Many of the leaders we meet struggle to define their role when navigating in this new and unknown territory, and too often end up into one of two pitfalls. They...

What to Expect at Apple s Special EventAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Nothing Vedic in Vedic MathsUpdated: September 3, 2014 15:52 IST
Nothing Vedic in ‘Vedic Maths’
C. K. Raju
The Hindu Illustration by Satwik Gade.
TOPICS
education
Advocating ‘Vedic mathematics’ as a replacement for traditional Indian arithmetic is hardly an act of nationalism; it only shows ignorance of the history of mathematics
Gujarat has made it compulsory for school students to read the texts of Dinanath Batra, endorsed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. According to news reports, Mr. Batra has now proposed a non-governmental education commission which will Indianise education through, for instance, Vedic mathematics. The Minister for Education has also mentioned Vedic mathematics as part of her agenda.
Ignorant of tradition
One appreciates the desire of these people to work for Indian traditions. But where in the Vedas is “Vedic mathematics” to be found? Nowhere. Vedic mathematics has no relation whatsoever to the Vedas. It actually originates from a book misleadingly titled Vedic Mathematics by Bharati Krishna Tirtha. The book admits on its first page that its title is misleading and that the (elementary arithmetic) algorithms expounded in the book have nothing to do with the Vedas. This is repeated on p. xxxv: “Obviously these formulas are not to be found in the present recensions of Atharvaveda.” I have been pointing this out since 1998. Regrettably, the advocates of “Vedic mathematics,” though they claim to champion Indian tradition, are ignorant of the actual tradition in the Vedas. Second, they do not even know what is stated in the book — the real source of “Vedic mathematics.” Third, they are unaware of scholarly writing on the subject. When education policy is decided by such ignorant people, they only end up making a laughing stock of themselves and the Vedas, and thus do a great disservice to the very tradition which they claim to champion.
Everyone learns how to add, subtract, multiply and divide in school. Why should we replace those algorithms with “Vedic mathematics”? Will that Indianise education? No. The standard arithmetic algorithms actually originated in India, where they were known by various names such as patiganita (slate arithmetic). However, the word “algorithm” comes from “algorithmus”: the Latinised name of al Khwarizmi of the 9th century House of Wisdom in Baghdad. He wrote an expository book on Indian arithmetic called Hisab al Hind. Gerbert d’Aurillac (later Pope Sylvester II), the leading European mathematician of the 10th century, imported these arithmetic techniques from the Umayyad Khilafat of Córdoba. He did so because the primitive Greek and Roman system of arithmetic (tied to the abacus), then prevailing in Europe, was no match for Indian arithmetic. However, accustomed to the abacus (on which he wrote a tome), Gerbert was perplexed by algorithms based on the place-value system, and foolishly got a special abacus (apices) constructed for these “Arabic numerals” in 976 CE. Hence the name “Arabic numerals” — because a learned pope amusingly thought there was some magic in the shape of the numerals which made arithmetic efficient.
Later, Florentine merchants realised that efficient Indian arithmetic algorithms conferred a competitive advantage in commerce. Fibonacci, who traded across Islamic Africa, translated al Khwarizmi’s work, as did many others, which is why they came to be known as algorithms. Eventually, after 600 years, Indian algorithms displaced the European abacus and were introduced in the Jesuit syllabus as “practical mathematics” circa 1570 by Christoph Clavius. These algorithms are found in many early Indian texts, such as the Patiganita of Sridhar or the Ganita Sara Sangraha of Mahavira, or the Lilavati of Bhaskara II. So, advocating “Vedic mathematics” as a replacement for traditional Indian arithmetic is hardly an act of nationalism. On the contrary, it only shows ignorance of the history of mathematics. Spreading this ignorance among future generations will weaken the nation, not strengthen it.
The techniques of “Vedic mathematics” are designed for mental arithmetic, traditionally used by lower caste artisans such as carpenters or by people like Shakuntala Devi. There are many other such systems of mental arithmetic today. If that is what we intend to promote, we should first do a systematic comparison. We should also be honest and refrain from using the misleading label “Vedic” which is the main selling point of Bharti Krishna Tirtha’s system, and which attracts gullible people who infer value just from the wrapper.
Suppressing real Mathematics
Promoting the wrongly labelled “Vedic mathematics” suppresses the mathematics that really does exist in the Vedas. For example, Yajurveda 17.2 elaborates on the decimal place value system (the basis of Indian algorithms) and some of those names for numbers are still in use, though terms such as arab (arbudam) have changed meaning. That passage shows that the place value system extends back to Vedic times, and it was a late acquisition only in mathematically backward Europe.
Likewise, the theory of permutations and combinations is built into the Vedic metre (and Indian music in general), as explained in various texts from Pingala’s Chandahsutra to Bhaskar’s Lilavati. The aksa sukta of the Rgveda gives a beautiful account of the game of dice, which is the foundation of the theory of probability. The romantic story of Nala and Damayanti in the Mahabharata further relates dice to sampling theory (to count the number of fruits in a tree).
More details are in my article on “Probability in Ancient India” available online and published in the Elsevier Handbook of the Philosophy of Statistics. However, all these scholarly efforts are jeopardised, for they too are viewed with suspicion.
We need to change the Western and colonial education system, especially with regard to mathematics. Traditional Indian ganita has much to offer in this process, but “Vedic mathematics” is definitely not the right way.
Wrong solutions like “Vedic mathematics” persist because an insecure political dispensation values the politically loyal over the learned who are loyal to the truth. (“Merit” apparently is important only in the context of reservations.) Such political processes are historically known to damage real traditions.
As I wrote over a decade ago in my book The Eleven Pictures of Time, those who attain or retain state power through religion are the worst enemies of that religion, whatever be the religion they claim to represent: Christianity, Islam, or Hinduism.
(C.K. Raju is author of Cultural Foundations of Mathematics. He was professor of mathematics, and Editorial Fellow of the Project of History of Indian Science, Philosophy and Culture.)

China to develop industrial parks in Gujarat  MaharashtraUpdated: September 3, 2014 23:13 IST
China to develop industrial parks in Gujarat, Maharashtra
Special Correspondent
economy, business and finance
China will set up two industrial parks in India, one each in Gujarat and Maharashtra, and the two countries are expected to sign agreements for this soon.
Chinese Consul-General in Mumbai, Liu Youfa, told presspersons here on Tuesday that a park would come up near Pune on about 5 sq. km and another near Ahmedabad on about 10 sq. km. The park in Maharashtra will be focussed on automobile sector and that in Gujarat on the power sector. The Pune park will be completed in about 12 years in three stages and is likely to see total investment of $5 billion. The first phase will be completed in three years.
Bilateral trade between the two countries during the first three quarters of this year (2014) is expected to be nearly $56 billion. In order to adjust the trade imbalance, there should be more two-way investments. China’s direct investments in India were to the tune of $1 billion and Indian investment in China was $4 billion, he said.
Mr. Youfa is on a three-day visit to Coimbatore region and will visit textile factories and textile park and interact with textile unit owners in a meeting to be organised by the Southern India Mills’ Association. “The visit is to reach out to the textile entrepreneurs here and see if they will be interested in joint ventures with Chinese entrepreneurs,” he said.

Letter of the WeekAwardPrint
Express News Service | Posted: September 4, 2014 5:48 am | Updated: September 4, 2014 5:49 am
To encourage quality reader intervention The Indian Express offers the Letter of the Week Award. The letter adjudged the best for the week is published every Saturday. Letters may be e-mailed to editpage@expressindia.com or sent to The Indian Express, 9&10, Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg, New Delhi -110002.
Letter writers should mention their postal address and phone number.
The winner receives books worth Rs 1,000.
Letters to the editor
Leave the kids alone
WE ARE disturbed by the circulars issued by the CBSE and other authorities like the Directorate of Education, Delhi, and Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan asking schools to make arrangements to ensure that children across the country listen to the prime minister’s address in the school premises on Teachers’ Day. This is an extraordinary and unprecedented step in the history of school education in independent India. Not only does this order treat children as passive and captive elements who do not have a view of their own, it also violates the Convention on the Rights of the Child, which says that children have a right to form opinions and, therefore, they need to be asked whether they would like to be part of such an extra-school activity beyond usual school hours. Although the HRD ministry has verbally clarified that this is a voluntary activity and is not binding on schools and children, the written orders asking schools to furnish status reports by September 2 and to remain prepared for surprise inspections are still in force. Moreover, schools are being asked to spend from their own resource pool, which is in itself poor and inadequate. The resources identified for school-related activities are sought to be diverted for an extraneous activity, not intrinsic to the curriculum. The PM is taking over a day that belongs to the teaching community and pushing teachers off stage. This attempt to hegemonise social spaces needs to be condemned and resisted. The PM is not the teacher-in-chief of the country and he should leave the children alone. The issued orders must be withdrawn immediately and the solemnity of the day left untouched.
— Apoorvanand, Mukul Priyadarshini, Prachi Kalra, Laxmi Murthy and 60 others
Money in his blood
APROPOS ‘PM keeps music playing: No red tape, only red carpet for Japan’ (IE, September 3), the bureaucratic hurdles in the way of domestic and foreign investors are no secret. As CM of Gujarat, Narendra Modi was praised by industrialists for swift project clearances. That PM Modi now intends to do this at the Centre is reassuring.
— M.C. Joshi
Lucknow
Pick up the pieces
THIS refers to the editorial, ‘Spare us the tears’ (IE, September 3). I hope that the Congress party reads the editorial and pays heed to it. But I find it difficult to believe that it will. I have my doubts about its interest and ability to do so. Having been in power for many long years, the party seems to have lost the wherewithal to respond to electoral reverses.
— Naren N. Joshi

J&K Bank up 12%; stock split comes into effectBSE
(Jammu & Kashmir Bank rallied…)
NEW DELHI: Jammu & Kashmir Bank rallied as much as 12 per cent in intraday trade on Thursday, after its stock split in the ratio of 1:10 came into effect.
As per the approved sub-division, one equity share of the bank having a face value of Rs 10 would be split into ten equity shares of face value Re 1 each, J&K Bank said in a filing to the BSE .
"The sub-division of shares is subject to the approval of shareholders and any other statutory and regulatory approvals, as applicable," it said.
The bank's net profit slipped 57.8 per cent to Rs 130 crore in June quarter on huge provisions and lower net interest income. Profit in same quarter last year was Rs 307.9 crore.
Net interest income declined 2.6 per cent to Rs 637.7 crore in the quarter ended June 2014 from Rs 655 crore in corresponding quarter of last fiscal while other income shot up 42 percent year-on-year to Rs 130.99 crore during the quarter.
At 1:06 pm; J&K Bank was trading at Rs 167.60, up Rs 10.01 or 6.34 per cent on the BSE. It hit a day high of Rs 176.95 and a day low of Rs 160.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt approves 7% DA hike; raises it to 107% from July 1Government approves 7% DA hike; raises it to 107% from July 1
PTI Sep 4, 2014, 08.27PM IST
Tags:
consumer price index
(Govt approved 7 per cent…)
NEW DELHI: Government today approved 7 per cent hike in dearness allowance (DA), taking it to 107 per cent of basic pay, a move that will benefit around 30 lakh central employees and 50 lakh pensioners including dependents.
"The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi , today gave its approval for the release of an additional instalment of DA to general government employees and Dearness Relief (DR) to pensioners with effect from July 1, 2014. This is an increase of seven percent over the existing rate of 100 percent of the Basic Pay/Pension, to compensate for price rise," a press statement said here.
The increase is in accordance with the accepted formula, which is based on the recommendations of the 6th Central Pay Commission, it said.
The combined impact on the exchequer on account of both DA and DR would be about Rs 7,691 crore per annum and Rs 5,127 crore respectively in the financial year 2014-2015 (for eight months -- July, 2014 to February, 2015), it added.
As per the practice, the dearness allowance is worked out on the basis of 12 month average of Consumer Price Index for Industrial Workers (CPI-IW).
The average rate of retail inflation for industrial workers from July 1, 2013 to June 30, 2014 was 7.25 per cent. Therefore, the central government decided to hike dearness allowance for it employees by 7 per cent.
The previous UPA government had increased DA to 100 per cent from 90 per cent with effect from January 1, 2014, on February 28 on the basis of agreed formula for revision of the allowance.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wall Street  dollar rise as ECB rate cuts sting euroWall Street, dollar rise as ECB rate cuts sting euro
Reuters Sep 4, 2014, 08.42PM IST
(The euro zone flatlined in…)
NEW YORK: Stock markets gained and the euro sank on Thursday after the European Central Bank unexpectedly cut already ultra-low interest rates and detailed plans to start buying loans and bonds next month to prop up the continent's struggling economy.
Faced with signs of further deterioration in the euro zone's prospects, the central bank cut major interest rates by another 10 basis points to new record lows, putting its deposit rate further into negative territory.
The euro zone flatlined in the second quarter of the year and the Ukraine crisis is weighing heavily on business confidence.
An index of European shares jumped nearly 1 per cent , while the euro sank to a 14-month low against the dollar of $1.2994 before climbing back some to $1.3018, yet still off 1 per cent for the day.
"The fact that the ECB is taking aggressive action to tackle its own maladies is likely to help risk markets in the US such as equties and hurt bond markets," said Aaron Kohli, interest rate strategist at BNP Paribas in New York.
ECB President Mario Draghi told reporters the bank would buy broad portfolios of simple and transparent asset-backed securities and of euro-denominated covered bonds from October.
Taken together with the ECB's new long-term loans to banks, to be offered for the first time later this month "the newly-decided measures ... will have a sizeable impact on our balance sheet", Draghi said.
It's a surprise. Euro/dollar is getting slammed. The DAX should go up from here," said Darren Courtney-Cook, head of trading at Central Markets Investment Management.
Spanish, French and Portuguese stocks all gained over a full per centage point , while Germany's DAX rose 0.2 per cent.
The ECB also cut its main refinancing rate to 0.05 per cent from 0.15 per cent previously and drove the overnight deposit rate deeper into negative territory, now charging banks 0.20 per cent to park funds with it.
Wall Street opened higher, the dollar jumped, and US government bonds were mixed with the yield on the 30-year Treasury touching a daily high of 3.2 per cent. It was last at 3.17 per cent, off 11/32 in price.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 43.22 points or 0.25 per cent, to 17,121.5, the S&P 500 gained 4.64 points or 0.23 per cent, to 2,005.36 and the Nasdaq Composite added 13.66 points or 0.3 per cent, to 4,586.22.
The dollar index was up 0.556 per cent to a new 2014 peak of 83.456.
The US Federal Reserve is on the verge of halting its own programme of bond-buying, encouraged by a steady stream of reasonably encouraging signs on jobs and growth on the other side of the Atlantic.
But the jury is still very much out on when it can raise interest rates. The ADP jobs report on Thursday showed private payroll growth of 204,000, a bit less than anticipated, but in line with expectations for Friday's US jobs data out of the Labor Department. Economists are expecting payroll growth of 225,000 jobs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NSE to shift scrips of 19 cos to restricted segment from September 9You are here: Home > Collections
NSE to shift scrips of 19 companies to restricted segment from September 9
PTI Sep 4, 2014, 08.46PM IST
Tags:
Bharatiya Global Infomedia
(The move is part of "surveillance…)
MUMBAI: Leading stock exchange NSE will shift securities of 19 companies to the restricted trading segment from September 9, to ensure safety of the investors.
The stocks to be moved to the trade-for-trade or the 'T' group segment include that of JBM Auto, Panasonic Appliances India Company, Kemrock Industries and Exports, Saregama India, an NSE circular said today.
Under the trade-for-trade segment no speculative trading is allowed and delivery of shares and payment of consideration amount are mandatory.
The move is part of "surveillance review and with a view to ensure market safety and safeguard the interest of investors ," the circular said.
"Members are requested to take adequate precaution while trading in the above securities, as the settlement will be done on trade-to-trade basis and no netting off will be allowed," the exchange said.
Further, NSE said it would shift securities of 29 firms to the normal segment with effect from September 9.
NRB Industrial Bearings, Emkay Global Financial Services , Jindal Poly Investment and Finance Company, Gujarat Lease Financing arer some of the firms which would be transferred to the normal trading segment.
The bourse also said that securities of 70 companies including Ramco Systems and Bharatiya Global Infomedia , would continue in the trade-for-trade segment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple  Google resume talks with workers in hiring lawsuitReuters |  San Francisco Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 09:30 PM IST
Apple, Google resume talks with workers in hiring lawsuit
Four technology companies, including Apple and Google have resumed mediation talks with tech workers in a high-profile lawsuit over hiring practices in Silicon Valley, according to a court filing.
Plaintiffs accused Apple, Google, Intel and Adobe of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees.
Last month, US District Judge Lucy Koh in San Jose, California rejected a proposed $324.5 million settlement in the class action case, saying it was too low.
In the court filing on Wednesday, both sides said they had resumed mediation with a retired judge but provided no additional details on the talks. They also asked Koh to set a new trial date.
An Apple spokesperson declined to comment. Intel and Adobe also declined to comment. Representatives for the plaintiffs, along with Google, could not immediately be reached.
Tech employees alleged the conspiracy limited their job mobility and, as a result, kept a lid on salaries. The case, filed in 2011, has been closely watched because of the possibility of big damages being awarded and for the opportunity of a glimpse into the world of some of America's elite tech firms.
Plaintiffs based their case largely on emails in which Apple's late co-founder, Steve Jobs, former Google chief executive officer Eric Schmidt and some of their rivals hatched plans to avoid poaching each other's prized engineers.
In rejecting the proposed settlement, Koh cited "substantial and compelling evidence" that Jobs "was a, if not the, central figure in the alleged conspiracy". Given the strength of the case against the companies, the plaintiffs should have gotten more money, Koh wrote.
A hearing is scheduled for September 10.
 Advertisements

Maruti Suzuki delays Gujarat plans  blames sluggish marketMaruti delays Gujarat plans, blames sluggish market
Chanchal Pal Chauhan, ET Bureau Sep 4, 2014, 08.20PM IST
Tags:
Commercial vehicle
(The proposal for Suzuki…)
NEW DELHI: Maruti Suzuki has postponed its car-manufacturing project in Gujarat by a year, citing sluggish market conditions. Its facilities in the western state are now expected to be commissioned in 2017.
Addressing the auto maker's 33rd annual general meeting in New Delhi on Thursday, Chairman RC Bhargava said the project will be financed by the parent, Suzuki Motor Corp (SMC), but will function as a unit of Maruti.
"All the investments would be made by SMC. This arrangement will strengthen Maruti Suzuki as the profit does not come from manufacturing cars. It comes from selling cars and the right models, with the competition intensifying in the market," Bhargava said.
The proposal for Suzuki to produce cars at the plant and sell to the unit had met with resistance from several institutional investors in Maruti. Their worry was that the Japanese parent could sell cars to Maruti at higher prices than it would have cost the local company to produce them, in turn hurting its margins.
But Bhargava said it would be a "win-win situation" for Maruti and urged shareholders to support the plan during a voting on the proposal, expected next month.
"Maruti Suzuki will use its cash for investing in marketing and sales, expanding network and making right models," he said. The Indian company, which is the biggest subsidiary of Suzuki both in terms of profits and turnover, is sitting on cash reserves of around Rs 8,000 crore.
In the current fiscal year, the company said it expects sales volume to grow by the double digits. Sales have expanded 16% in the first five months through August, when Maruti achieved its best market share of 44% in three years.
Maruti's top brass informed the shareholders that the company would intensify research and development to churn out new models to remain competitive and retain market share and volume. It will invest Rs 2,000 crore on an R&D facility, with an integrated test track, at Rohtak in Haryana. It will also enter the sport-utility segment early next year.
With this new facility allowing joint development of cars with Suzuki, the rate of royalty that Maruti is paying its parent is expected to come down from the existing 6% of sales. Also, to get insulated from currency fluctuations, Maruti will now pay royalty in Indian rupees, instead of in the Japanese yen. Suzuki has been working on an SUV to tap a market that forms 29% of global sales. This global SUV is expected early next financial year and would be followed by a compact SUV next year.
The company also announced plans to bring a one-tonne light commercial vehicle that would compete with existing models like the Tata ACE, Mahindra Gio and Ashok Leyland's Dost.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt okays 7% DA hike; raises it to 107%7% hike in DA for central govt workers, pensioners
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 04, 2014
First Published: 20:32 IST(4/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:04 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
Ahead of the festive season, the Union cabinet led by PM Narendra Modi on Thursday approved the release of an additional instalment of Dearness Allowance (DA) to central government employees. 
Pensioners will also get appropriate Dearness Relief (DR) and the new instalment will be applicable from July 1, 2014.
“This is an increase of 7%over the existing rate of 100% of the basic pay/pension, to compensate for price rise,” said a government release. 
The decision will benefit around 8.5 million central government employees and pensioners. The decision is expected to be followed by several states and a similar DA package may benefit millions of state government employees.
“The combined impact on the exchequer of both DA and DR would be approximately of Rs. 7,691 crore per annum and Rs. 5,127 crore respectively for the period between July 2014 to February 2015,” said the release.
This money, in the hands of millions of employees ahead of the festive time, is also expected to act as a mini-stimulus to the economy if the beneficiaries spend it. The UPA government had earlier increased DA to 100 % from January 1, 2014.

J-K: Bus washed away in flooded stream  50 feared deadComments
At least fifty people were feared dead on Thursday after a bus carrying a wedding party was washed away by flash floods in Jammu and Kashmir’s Rajouri district, even as 20 other flood-related deaths were reported from other parts of the state.
  
Play Pause
An eldery person carrying his patient daughter away after the flood water entered Bone and Joint Hospital at Barzulla in Srinagar. (PTI Photo)
A Kashmiri girl boards a boat from the window of her home as she leaves her flooded neighborhood in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
A view of a flooded house in Srinagar.(Waseem Andrabi/HT Photo)
A Kashmiri boy rows a boat in the front lawns of a submerged house in a flooded area during incessant rains in Srinagar. (Reuters Photo)
Children ride a horse cart on the banks of the river Tawi as it rains in Jammu. (Reuters Photo)
The flood water inundates Hanuman Mandir at Amira after incessant rains in Srinagar. (PTI Photo)
Kashmiri residents carrying a goat wade through floodwaters in Srinagar.(AP Photo)
Three days of heavy rain left rivers in the state flowing above the danger mark and triggered landslides in several places, forcing key highway stretches to close for traffic. More rainfall is likely for at least the next two days, the meteorological department warned.
On Thursday afternoon, the bus -- filled to its capacity of 52, including the bride and groom – was on its way to Lam, around 120 km from Jammu city, when it was hit by surging waters of the Gambhir river. Only three people survived the accident.
“Rescue operations were severely hampered by heavy rainfall,” said Rajouri senior superintendent of police Mubassir Latifi.
The state capital of Srinagar also braced for major floods with the Jhelum, Kashmir’s main river, flowing more than seven feet above the danger mark.
Vast swathes of Srinagar remain inundated, with water levels just a few feet shy of breaching Lal Chowk, the city’s commercial hub.
With water level rising by the hour, locals complained of administrative apathy. “Our colony has been under water since 2am Thursday but no help arrived till morning. Only two boats, with a capacity of four, were made available by the administration, even though hundreds of people are stranded,” said Mushtaq Ali, a resident of Hamdania colony in Srinagar’s Bemina area.
Torrential rainfall forced the Vaishno Devi pilgrimage to be suspended on Thursday after three people were injured in landslides triggered by heavy showers.
The 300-km-long Jammu-Srinagar national highway also closed for traffic after two landslides in the Ramban district left hundreds of vehicles stranded.
South Kashmir’s Anantnag and Kulgam districts are among the worst hit, with at least 50 villages under water and more than 1500 people marooned. On Thursday, the government dispatched 50 boats to the region that evacuated hundreds of people trapped by floodwater. A number of bridges have also collapsed in south and central Kashmir, cutting off several hamlets.
“People living along the banks of Jhelum and embankments of other water bodies have been asked to move to safer areas immediately,” said Kashmir divisional commissioner.
Amid complaints that the administration was slow in responding to the crisis, chief minister Omar Abdullah conducted an aerial survey of flood-affected districts on Thursday, directing officials to take all necessary measures to safeguard lives of people affected by the deluge.
The government has asked the air force to keep a rescue plan ready, and around 500,000 sand bags have been kept available, said a spokesperson. The cabinet has also approved Rs. 10 crore for rescue work.
All schools and colleges are closed in the state till Sunday. Kashmir University has postponed its examination.

PM is playing drums in Japan while people in India are suffering: RahulIn a direct attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Rahul Gandhi on Thursday said he was "playing drums" in Japan while people suffered from power crisis and soaring vegetable prices.
File photo: Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi at Parliament in New Delhi. (PTI photo)
The Congress vice-president said Modi came to power by making big promises and but his government is yet to even begin working on them despite completing 100 days in office.
Read: BJP hits back at Rahul Gandhi for attacking Modi
"They had made big promises but where is the result? They might have forgotten so let me remind them. They said they will change the country, bring down prices, reduce corruption.
100 days are over. "At least begin working now. People say they have not even started working. The PM is playing drum in Japan while there is no electricity here and prices are rising," he told reporters.
During his recent visit to Japan, Modi had tried his hand at playing drum while taking part in a function.
On a two-day visit to his Lok Sabha constituency Amethi, Rahul admitted to differences in opinion in Congress over issues and said there has always been "this type of tension" in the party. The party will deal with the issue, he said.
A group of young Congress leaders, including 15 AICC secretaries, recently decided to write to senior leaders against what they claimed was attempt to damage the party's image by making controversial statements outside party fora.
It is being seen as a rallying of support for Gandhi within the party after comments of several party leaders were seen as a disapproval of his leadership style.
"Congress party is an old organisation... There are multiple voices and all those voices will bring solution to the party," he said.
Rahul earlier faced some grilling by his electorate over power crisis in the area and said he has written a letter to the Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav in this regard.
He arrived this morning and visited the villages which had fetched him large numbers of votes in the recent Lok Sabha elections.

For JSW  coal shortages could be a growth spoilerIshita Ayan Dutt |  Kolkata Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 10:30 PM IST
For JSW, coal shortages could be a growth spoiler
Raw material linkages will be crucial to the Sajjan Jindal-controlled steel maker's plans of increasing capacity to 40 million tonnes by 2025
Recently, Sajjan Jindal-controlled JSW Steel announced its first-quarter numbers. Despite a slow market and uncertainty over sourcing of critical raw material like iron ore, the steel-maker surprised analysts by reporting a consolidated net profit of Rs 656.49 crore against a loss of Rs 381.82 crore a year ago. Not just this, the company also managed to surpass forecasts on operating cost and sales: JSW recorded a 13 per cent increase in sales volume to 2.9 million tonnes year-on-year, against a demand growth of 1 per cent in the sector.
At a time when the sector is plagued by a demand crunch and raw material (coal and iron ore) shortage, JSW's performance has caught the attention of investors. Over the past year, its share price has improved from Rs 540 to Rs 1,275. Analysts attribute JSW's turnaround to higher output of value-added products, backward integration at its unit in Dolvi (Maharashtra) and falling prices of coking coal. "The average cost of coking coal for the company dropped by $15 during the June-ended quarter to $151 per tonne as international prices corrected. This is expected to decline by a further $15 in the current quarter,"an Edelweiss report says.
The share of value-added and special products in JSW 's total sales increased to 29 per cent in the June-ended quarter from 25 per cent in the year-ago quarter. This is expected to increase further to 33 per cent in the coming quarter. The company has started commercial production of its continuous galvanising line and continuous annealing line with a focus on high-quality automotive steel. "A ballpark figure for margins would be $35 per tonne of additional amount for the value-added products over hot-rolled steel,"explains JSW Director (commercial & marketing) Jayant Acharya.
The capacity at the annealing line, currently operating at 50-60 per cent, is expected to be ramped up to 80 per cent in the second half of this financial year. The galvanising line is already operating at 80 per cent of capacity. In the works is a plant for manufacturing high-grade electrical steel which is used to produce magnetic cores for electrical appliances and machinery. The plant will allow JSW to address India's requirement for electrical steel that is currently being imported.
And with demand too expected to pick up, the picture looks rosy. "So far, we have seen an improvement in demand, to some extent, for smaller and commercial vehicles. In the second half, retail, consumer durables and infrastructure sectors are more likely to witness an increase in demand," says Acharya. According to an ICRA report, reduced coal costs coupled with an increase in the price of end-products in the fourth quarter of 2013-14 enabled the consolidated operating margin of the industry to show an improvement from 20.5 per cent in October-December 2013 to 21 per cent in January-March 2014 and then to 21.9 per cent in April-June 2014, despite an increase in costs like freight. (The industry referred to is a collection of seven large Indian companies in the steel sector, together accounting for over 40 per cent of the domestic capacity).
From vision to action
The steel sector, which is banking heavily on Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision to make India a powerhouse of manufacturing and export, is placed well to gain from the upside, says Acharya. "Once investment in manufacturing picks up, steel intensity will automatically increase," he says. "The potential is huge." Acharya's optimism about the company's performance might not be misplaced. JSW managed to outperform rivals despite the negatives around raw material. After the Shah Committee report on irregularities in iron ore mining, three large mineral-bearing states - Karnataka, Goa and Odisha - banned mining. It was only recently that the activity was reopened in Karnataka and Goa, but in a truncated way. For instance, against the industry requirement of 40 million tonnes of iron ore from Karnataka, only 18-19 million tonnes are available. "Earlier, the company was sourcing 2.5-3 million tonnes from Odisha, but with the mining ban, JSW Steel has resorted to imports of 6 million tonnes from South Africa," the Edelweiss report mentions. "We are importing high grade iron ore with 64-65 per cent iron content with low alumina," Acharya adds.
Captive raw material is crucial for a steel company and that's the reason why Jindal has been pushing for a national policy for the exploration of iron ore. Soon after the Modi government took charge, Jindal, as part of a Confederation of Indian Industry delegation, met the Union steel minister, Narendra Singh Tomar, to point out that the acute shortage of iron ore had forced steel-makers to import the raw material and that this would adversely impact the country's current account deficit. The chief ministers of West Bengal, past and present, have also raised Jindal's concern with the Centre. Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee, the Left Front chief minister who was ousted from power in 2011, had repeatedly urged the Centre for a national iron ore policy. His successor, Mamata Banerjee of the Trinamool Congress, also wrote to Manmohan Singh, the former prime minister, asking for a national policy on iron ore. West Bengal's interest lies in the 10-million tonne steel and 1,600-MW power project proposed by JSW at Salboni in the West Medinipur district. The project has been pending for the last seven years for want of an iron ore linkage.
The Salboni project is part of Jindal's grand plan to achieve annual production capacity of 40 million tonnes by 2025 from 14.3 million tonnes now. Apart from Salboni, Jindal also wants to put up fresh capacities in Jharkhand and possibly Odisha. But JSW needs to have its raw material linkages in place if it wants to expand capacity to such an extent. That's because those with captive raw material source are better poised to deal with the cyclical nature of the industry. Together, iron ore and coal account for more than 80 per cent of the input cost.
Far from ready
Though JSW does have some captive raw material, none of these is in production as on date. Like most other steel makers, it too has been scouring domestic and foreign shores for raw material security: coal in Mozambique and the United States and iron ore in Chile. In India, the company has been allocated an iron ore mine at Ankua in Jharkhand. In West Bengal, JSW has a joint venture with Himachal Emta for the Gourangdi ABC thermal coal block. However, in November 2012, the government issued a de-allocation letter for the block on the grounds that progress was unsatisfactory. The matter is now being contested in court.
JSW also has a coal raising and coal supply agreement with the West Bengal Minerals Development and Trading Company for the 2.4 million tonne per annum Kulti-Sitarampur coal block and the 2.6 million tonne per annum Ichhapur coal block. However, the future of these coal blocks could be uncertain with the Supreme Court recently declaring over 200 coal blocks allocated between 1993 and 2009 illegal. The court, which stopped short of cancelling these blocks, also observed that commercial mining could not be carried out by the state governments and that joint ventures were not permissible.
The attorney general has now requested the Supreme Court to exempt 46 blocks from being cancelled, considering that 40 of them have already started production and the rest are about to commence operations. Even if the court agrees to the government's plea, it will bring little relief to companies like JSW Steel which have projects in the "proposed stage" linked to coal blocks. Without raw material linkages, the viability of a project would also be in question. Banks have already lent around Rs 2.65 lakh crore to the steel sector. The matter will come up in court for hearing on September 9. And on the verdict will rest the future of JSW, which has until now succeeded in performing despite a slow market and uncertainty over raw material.
 Advertisements

What is al Qaeda s motive behind creating India wingprint
Al Qaeda has announced the creation of a South Asian branch, dubbed al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent (AQIS). The question is why now?
Al Qaeda has threatened India before. “Such statements have been coming regularly since Osama Bin Laden’s 1996 call to jihad,” says Ajai Sahni of the South Asian Terrorism Portal, “when he named India and, specifically Jammu and Kashmir and Assam.” He notes that after the 2002 communal riots in Gujarat this was added to various al Qaeda statements as well.
In the past, what has been noticeable is how unsuccessful al Qaeda has been in operating in India.
US President George W Bush was known to hold up Indian mslims in private conversation because of their refusal to heed Bin Laden’s deadly siren call. However, a Qaeda had other reasons to avoid India.
One, after a spectacular attack like 9/11, attacking a soft target like India was not seen as an image-enhancing exercise. Two, there was evidence that Pakistan resisted Al Qaeda efforts to operate in India, preferring to let that be the domain of its chosen terrorist groups.
Zawahiri’s announcement is seen as a consequence of a number of varied developments.
Read: Asim Umar, man who will head South Asia branch of al Qaeda
One, Indian muslim have become more radicalised in the past few decades and this may have encouraged Zawahiri to woo South Asians. “What Bush said was true in the 1990s,” said an ex-intelligence bureau official. Events in India like the 2002 riots and developments in West Asia, like the invasion of Iraq, have pushed a small number into adopting militant pan-Islamicism. 
Small groups have been going to Pakistan and Afghanistan the past few years. Indian intelligence knows of nearly 20 Indian muslims who joined or tried to join the ranks of the Islamic State, despite its virulent hatred of Shias. “As many as 80 to 90 Indian muslims may have joined al Qaeda, IS and similar groups,” he said. This would have almost certainly been noticed by Zawahiri.
Read: 23 Manipur-based youth have left home to join al Qaeda ranks
Two, Zawahiri desperately needs to revive al Qaeda which is being eclipsed by the Islamic State and other militant groups.
Al Qaeda has barely been operational for the past few years, battered by the death of Bin Laden and US drone attacks that have wiped out many of its senior commanders.
Zawahiri has been critical of the Islamic State’s anti-Shia stance – it is one of the reasons that the Islamic State ended its allegiance to al Qaeda. Worse, many of the al Qaeda affiliations in Afghanistan, the Arab world and West Africa have switched their loyalties from Zawahiri to the Islamic State.
As his star is declining in the Arab world, Zawahiri may have sought to compensate in South Asia. Muslim unease over Narendra Modi’s election, the repression of the Rohingyas in Myanmar and any number of events in Pakistan may have seemed like fertile ground for recruitment and activity.
Three, AQIS may represent a logical culmination of another trend: the growing interest of the Tehreek e Taliban in global jihad.
Zawahiri says that putting together AQIS “has taken over two years”, a date before the rise of the Islamic State.
Read: Ayman al-Zawahri - A doctor who joined hands with bin Laden
Strikingly he has appointed Maulana Asim Umar as its head is telling. Umar is a former commander of the Tehreek e Taliban Pakistan and called for Indian muslims to join the global jihad in a video in 2013 titled “Why is there no storm in your ocean?”
Umar boasts about how Tehreek fighters are fighting in Syria and Iraq. Western intelligence has confirmed that Tehreek has an active base in Syria.
“Al Qaeda has been trying to attract elements from various groups – Jaish e Mohammad, Lashkar and so on – into direct alliances,” says Sahni.
To do so, however, Zawahiri would have to focus more on India and the subcontinent.
Sahni is confident that al Qaeda at present does not have a functional network in India at present.
“This threat however should not be taken lightly,” says Rana Banerjee, former number two of the Research and Analysis Wing.

Mazda unveils a more masculine MiataGoogle+
Market indexes are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer Morningstar: © 2014  Morningstar, Inc.  All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer The Dow Jones IndexesSM are proprietary to and distributed by Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use.  All content of the Dow Jones IndexesSM © 2014 is proprietary to Dow Jones & Company, Inc.  Chicago Mercantile Association. The market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.  FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved. Most stock quote data provided by BATS.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

How many times do children in the U.S. unintentionally shoot and kill people We dont know.By Mark Berman September 4 Follow @markberman
A Smith & Wesson handgun at an NRA convention in Indiana earlier this year.  (Karen Bleier/AFP/Getty Images)
After a 9-year-old girl in Arizona accidentally shot and killed her shooting range instructor with an Uzi last week, it raised what would appear to be a fairly obvious question: How often do children in the United States — where unintentional or accidental shootings occur with some frequency — fatally shoot people by accident?
The answer: We don’t actually know for sure. At least that’s what the people and agencies tracking this topic say.
“We know how many times children die each year as a result of gun deaths,” Jon S. Vernick, co-director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research, said in an interview last week. “We don’t know how many times children pull the trigger and someone dies.”
Vernick said the data is out there, but it has not been pulled together or compiled by anyone.
Agencies that compile statistics regarding shooting deaths told The Post that while they have data on many aspects of shooting deaths, this figure was unavailable. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said that there is no nationwide data regarding the age of the person who pulls the trigger in an unintentional shooting. The Justice Department offered a similar response. “We do not have any statistics available regarding this topic,” a statistician with the Bureau of Justice Statistics wrote in an e-mail last week.
Some details regarding gun deaths are known, collected and reported. We know how many gun deaths occur in a given year, which makes sense, because when people are shot and killed, there are death certificates and there are reports by medical examiners, and national reports can conclusively come up with a number. (There were 32,351 such deaths in 2011, according to the CDC.) We know how many gun deaths were declared accidental (591 in 2011, the CDC says). And we know that 102 people killed in these accidental gun deaths in 2011 were younger than 18, according to Vernick, with half of these children younger than age 13.
But when you try to look into how many of the people pulling the trigger in accidental gun deaths were also children, you run into a problem.
When children unintentionally shoot themselves or other people, media reports typically follow. A three-year-old boy is playing with a gun and shoots himself in the face . A four-year-old girl discovers a gun and shoots her four-year-old cousin , killing him. A three-year-old boy shoots himself in the head . A five-year-old accidentally shoots a three-year-old girl . A five-year-old boy accidentally shoots and kills himself . A four-year-old boy accidentally shoots himself . A two-year-old boy  shoots and kills his 11-year-old sister. It goes on like this, story after story of unintentional shootings involving children that lead to injuries or deaths. (Many unintentional shootings of children occur when they are with people of similar ages, Vernick said, though many also involve children by themselves.)
The National Violent Death Reporting System (NVDRS), which the CDC launched in 2002 , does combine data from death certificates, medical examiner reports and law enforcement reports to try to produce this type of information. However, this system currently only operates in 18 states , so the numbers it offers are not national and the CDC cautions that the data should not be viewed as nationally representative. Still, it offers some information: Across the 17 states the NVDRS has data for from 2011, there were 11 unintentional firearm deaths that year in which the person pulling the trigger was age 14 or younger.
In addition to uncertainty regarding how many children accidentally shoot and kill people, the overall number of accidental gun deaths may also be incomplete. The CDC’s numbers, available through the National Center for Health Statistics, are collected from a mortality database that includes causes of death as determined by medical examiners, coroners and attending physicians. Yet this, again, is not foolproof. Medical examiners may say that a shooting death that appears to be unintentional was a homicide or say the cause cannot be determined, which is a separate category.
Vernick offered an example of what would appear to be an unintentional shooting: A teenager is playing with a gun that he thinks is empty pulls the trigger, shooting and killing another teenager. In this case, such a death could actually be deemed a homicide, since the teen intentionally pulled the trigger, even if there was no intent to actually fire a bullet.
“We know with precision the number of gun deaths,” Vernick said. “What we don’t know is all of the characteristics of those deaths that we’d like to know.”
An investigation carried out by the New York Times  last year found significantly more accidental killings involving children (age 14 and younger) than had been reported in eight states. That investigation showed that medical examiners could issue wildly inconsistent rulings, even deeming accidental self-inflicted shootings to be homicides.
“I try to tell people when they look at the accidental data, particularly for children, you have to recognize it’s an underestimate,” Bob Anderson, head of the mortality statistics branch at the CDC’s National Center for Health Statistics, told the Times.
Dan Gross, president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, said that nine children are unintentionally shot each day in the U.S. He said that the Arizona accident, while “a terrible tragedy,” was also an outlier, because it involved an Uzi and a shooting range.
“This is not a problem that leads to thousands of deaths across our country every year,” Gross said. “The bigger problem of kids having unsafe access to guns is.”
Gun advocates said in interviews after the Uzi incident that there are benefits to teaching young children to shoot certain guns. However, some still questioned allowing such a small child handle a gun as powerful as the Uzi, which can fire hundreds of bullets at a time. “I just don’t think a kid has any business with a weapon like that,” said Nancy Lichtman, 43, who views shooting guns as a wholesome family activity. Her adult daughter and teenage son both shoot regularly.
Meanwhile, while federal law states that people younger than 18 cannot possess a handgun (albeit with exceptions including target practice), there is no federal minimum age for possessing a long gun like a shotgun or a rifle, according to the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence. And most states do not set a minimum age for possessing a long gun; 30 states do not have a minimum age for this, including Arizona, where the shooting range instructor was killed.
The fact that we don’t know the number of times a child has accidentally shot and killed someone is an odd gray area, particularly given how even the staunchest guns advocates seem to agree about the importance of storing guns away from children. The National Rifle Association says on its Web site that  it is a responsibility of gun owners to store guns away from children, adding that parents with a gun must “absolutely ensure that it is inaccessible to a child.” (The NRA did not respond to a request for comment after the shooting death in Arizona.)
Researchers praise having access to more data, which can help show trends over time, guide decisions made on a local level or depict any movement after laws or policies are enacted. “To stop violent deaths, we must first understand all the facts,” the NVDRS site says. And there is also the issue of simply not knowing how many children may be impacted by being involved in an accidental shooting.
“There are two victims in this tragedy,” Shannon Watts, founder of the gun-control group Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, said in an interview after the Arizona shooting range death. “There’s the instructor, but there’s also this poor nine-year-old girl who has to live the rest of her life knowing that because of an adult’s mistake, she has killed someone accidentally.”
Sandhya Somashekhar contributed to this post. 
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He anchors Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409850872/1409850872000/1409850872 tracking: {authors=Mark Berman, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=how-often-do-children-in-the-u-s-unintentionally-shoot-and-kill-people-we-dont-know, post_id=10596, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 5:14:32 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 5:14:32 PM

Comedy and TV Legend Joan Rivers Dies at 81comedy and tv legend joan rivers dies at 81
Bayer CropScience to invest $1 bn for capex in USBayer CropScience to invest $1 bn for capex in US
Today s picks- 05 September 2014Today s picks- 05 September 2014
Changes on Madurai-Tuticorin sector due to electrifica on workChanges on Madurai-Tuticorin sector due to electrifica on work
If I had a magic wandand if PM visited myschoolRs 54,000 per month
“If I had a magic wand…
“I would wish all students could become hardworking and get skills and basic moral values, which would help them succeed in life.”
“If the Pm came to my school…
“I would ask him to set up a digital library. In the electronic era, it is difficult to make students read books. A teacher is no longer a sage; a teacher is a facilitator, a coach.”
Tulsi Devi Tiwari, 60
Swami Vivekananda Govt Pre-HS School, Torwa, Chhattisgarh
35 years teaching Hindi
Rs 50,000 per month
“If I had a magic wand…
“Most of my students come from economically weaker, backward sections. I would want to provide them emotional support so they can join the mainstream.”
“If the PM came to my school…
“I would ask if he can bring about a change in people’s views.We want to imitate the customs and culture of other countries; I hope he can change that mindset.”
Sunita Nandal, 49
Girls’ High School, Barah Khurd,
Jind, Haryana
Rs 57,000 per month
“If I had a magic wand…
“My students are very talented… They don’t get the kind of exposure that students from public schools get. I wish I could do something about it.”
“If the Pm came to my school…
“I teach in a remote village in Haryana. I wish there was enough infrastructure in the school, making it comparable to convent and public schools.”
Syed Hameed, 60
International India School, Al Jubail, Saudi Arabia
6 years as principal there; his subject is English
Rs 1.5 lakh per month
“If I had a magic wand…
“I wish there were enough Indian schools in a foreign country to accommodate every Indian child. This would ensure that all of them received quality education.”
“If the Pm came to my school…
“I would ask him to interact with students. continued…

The story beyonduraniumThere is growing recognition in Delhi that Australia is a valuable partner in stabilising Asia. (Source: AP)
Written by C Raja Mohan | Posted: September 5, 2014 12:26 am
When they meet in New Delhi on Friday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott should, hopefully, clinch the long-awaited agreement on civil nuclear cooperation that would allow Canberra to export uranium to India. But the two leaders should also look beyond the nuclear issue and lay the foundation for an enduring defence and security cooperation that will contribute to peace and stability in Asia and the Indo-Pacific littoral.
The nuclear deal is indeed an important breakthrough in bilateral relations. It is, in essence, about burying the past when differences over non-proliferation issues constrained the engagement between the two countries. These differences boiled over when Australia reacted sharply to the Indian nuclear tests in May 1998. Canberra found it hard to export uranium even after Delhi concluded a historic civil nuclear initiative with Washington that ended more than three decades of India’s atomic isolation. There were deep divisions within the Australian political class on allowing uranium exports to India.
As part of its strong and unilateral non-proliferation commitments, Australia had decided long years ago that it would not export uranium to countries that did not sign the nuclear non-proliferation treaty. The problem for Australia was that the India-US nuclear initiative was about finding a way to circumvent the question of the NPT. While India was not in a position to sign the NPT, it offered strong assurances to the international community that it would not use material and technology obtained through international cooperation for military purposes. India also reaffirmed its impeccable non-proliferation record and expressed full support for the global non-proliferation regime. The challenge in Australia was to get the political elite to look beyond the NPT, understand the value of India’s integration into the global nuclear order and, above all, appreciate the broader benefits of building a lasting partnership with Delhi.
To their credit, Prime Minister Abbott and his predecessors in both Liberal and Labor parties have worked hard to overcome internal political differences and get the country to change its long-standing policy on uranium exports by taking a strategic view of relations with India. Once the deal is through, Australia could become an important source of natural uranium exports.
The real story, however, lies beyond uranium. Australia is rich in mineral resources and is a natural long-term partner for India’s industrial growth. Whichever way Delhi’s strategy for energy security might evolve in the coming years, Australia, with its abundant coal and natural gas resources, will loom large in India’s calculus. With one of the world’s strongest mining sectors, Australia can help India exploit its own natural resources in an environmentally sustainable way and thereby address one of the major current constraints on India’s economic growth.
Contrary to the perception that the country is all about mining, continued…

Nithari killer Surinder Koli to be hanged on Sept 12: Jail authoritiesComments
Nithari serial killer Surinder Koli,who has been sentenced to death for the brutal killing of a 14-year-old girl, will be hanged in Meerut on September 12, jail superintendent SHM Rizvi said on Thursday.
"The hanging will be carried out on September 12...all the rules and procedures will be followed", he told reporters.
A warrant was issued on Wednesday by Ghaziabad's additional sessions judge Atul Kumar Gupta in the name of 42-year-old Koli that he should be hanged to death after the convict exhausted all his legal remedies in this case.
Koli, lodged in a jail in Ghaziabad, has been sentenced to death in connection with the killing of Rimpa Halder and in four other cases.
This will be the first execution of a death sentence convict under the new NDA government.
Union home minister Rajnath Singh had earlier recommended to President Pranab Mukherjee that Koli's mercy plea be rejected, barely a month after he had taken over as the minister.
The President rejected the mercy petition on July 27, paving the way for the judicial process to commence for hanging of Koli.
There are 11 cases of murder pending against Koli. CBI had filed charge sheet against him in 16 cases where he had allegedly killed children after sexually abusing them.
The Rimpa Halder case came to light in December, 2006 when a girl who went missing was found murdered later by Koli.
Investigations into the case led the probe team into more gruesome murders of children and their skeletal remains were recovered from a drain adjacent to the house where Koli was working as a domestic servant in Nithari locality of Noida, Uttar Pradesh.
Koli was awarded death sentence by a lower court, which was upheld by the Allahabad high court and confirmed by the Supreme Court on February 15, 2011 for the murder of Rimpa Halder in 2005.
Holding that Koli "appears to be the serial killer", the court had said "No mercy can be shown to him."  
A total of 16 cases were registered against Koli. His employer Moninder Singh Pandher, who was also sentenced to death in Rimpa Halder case, was acquitted by the Allahabad High Court.
Out of 16 cases filed against Koli, he has been awarded death sentence in five of them so far and others are still under trial.

Mumbai: Shah defuses tension between Sena-BJPOn his maiden visit to Mumbai after his selection as national president of the BJP, Amit Shah meant business.
  
Play Pause
BJP chief Amit Shah and his family members along with MP Gopal Shetty (R) at the Lalbagcha Raja Ganesh mandal in Mumbai. (PTI photo)
Amit Shah with leader of Opposition in Maharashtra legislative council Vinod Tawde at the latter's residence in Mumbai. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
The Mumbai-born BJP chief Amit Shah was given a tumultuous welcome by thousands of party activists and top leaders at the Mumbai airport. (PTI photo)
BJP chief Amit Shah was given a tumultuous welcome by thousands of party activists and top leaders at the Mumbai airport. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
BJP president Amit Shah met party workers in Mumbai ahead of assembly elections in Maharashtra. This was his maiden visit after assuming charge as the party chief. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
BJP president Amit Shah met the state's party workers at party leader Vinod Tawde's residence in Mumbai. Elections are due next month in Maharashtra. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
BJP president Amit Shah with the state's party workers at Vinod Tawde's residence in Mumbai. This is his first Mumbai visit after taking charge of the BJP. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
BJP chief Amit Shah with the state's party workers at leader of opposition in Maharashtra Legislative Council Vinod Tawde's residence in Mumbai. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
Putting an end to uncertainty over BJP-Sena alliance, Shah ensured on Thursday that his party's ongoing tussle with the alliance partner didn't stretch beyond a point. He extended a thaw to a long-time ally immediately after arriving in Mumbai when he said the two partners would be together in the Assembly polls and asked BJP workers to leave seat-sharing with Sena to the leaders from either side, and work relentlessly for the victory of grand alliance.
Amid speculations that he may avoid meeting the Sena President, Shah accepted Uddhav Thackeray’s invitation to visit the latter’s Bandra residence and also paid tributes to late Bal Thackeray at his Shivaji Park memorial in the afternoon. Uddhav reciprocated Shah’s gesture by skipping questions by the prodding media at a conference earlier in the day. Insiders expected the two parties to expedite remaining formalities under the joint efforts of Shah and Uddhav.
Shah’s message to state BJP’s core committee was very clear: don’t waste energies in waiting for seat-sharing and instead concentrate on campaigning. He said such situations created doubt among the foot soldiers of the party, who needed to work freely at the grass-root level. He told leaders the alliance with Sena must stay for ensuring better poll results, directing them for getting smaller allies on board before two major partners started talking their respective share, which state BJP wants not less than half of the total 288 seats.
Shah set agenda for the alliance when he accused the Congress-NCP of corruption worth Rs. 11.88 lakh crore in the past 15 years. “You will not win because of the mahaual (situation) and speeches made by the leaders, but you will win only when you take this message (of corruption and bad governance) to the people who are yearning for changing the state government,” he told BJP workers at Shanmukhanand Hall in the evening.
He said the money siphoned off by the Congress and NCP leaders could be traced to the assets made by their kin. “The state could have developed in all sectors by using the money these people made in corruption. 
Shah said BJP, under Modi’s leadership, could alone give the country and Maharashtra good governance. “Chhatrapati Shivaji not only gave this country freedom from a fanatic emperor like Aurangzeb, but also established good governance. This is the place from where Shivaji started his mission. You also start yet another mission from here; you should make Maharashtra Congress-free, so that the country entire too gets rid of the Congress.”
BJP chief blamed everything under the sun on the Congress and NCP. “Even the mother nature is not happy with these people who intentions are impure. The successive droughts happened in Maharashtra only because of the corrupt Congress and NCP. Look at the BJP-led governments in the neighborhood; the states like Gujarat did not have a single drought ever since Narendra Modi took over there.”
A sitting MLA and two ex-MPs from the ruling combine joined BJP in the presence of Shah, who appealed to good leaders from all parties to join BJP’s effort of toppling the corrupt government.
Watch: Make Maharashtra Congress free, says BJP chief Amit Shah
 

Advanced Materials for 3D Printing: Technologies and Global MarketsAdvanced Materials for 3D Printing: Technologies and Global Markets
Vijayawada it is  right in the heart of AndhraVijayawada it is  right in the heart of Andhra
Arasu to offer broadband partnering with RailtelArasu to offer broadband partnering with Railtel
Air India plans to use 787s on more domestic routesAneesh Phadnis |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:43 AM IST
Air India plans to use 787s on more domestic routes
AI's home market share has fallen from 19.8% in Jan to 18% in July
Air India (AI) plans to raise its capacity on domestic routes by using Boeing 787 Dreamliner planes. Currently, it  uses the narrow body Airbus A320 on home routes.
Currently, it has 16 Boeing 787s and flies these to Europe, Japan, Singapore and Dubai. It also uses them on two domestic routes, Delhi-Kolkata and Delhi-Bangalore. It has 27 Boeing 787s on order and is expecting three additional planes till March 2015. It is expected to use these to ply on other metro routes.
The 787 is a  long-range plane and was acquired by the government-owned carrier to replace its older Airbus A310 and to open new routes. It has had some success and the 787s have helped it generate cash profits on some hitherto loss-making European routes. However, the planes have also been plagued by snags and glitches, leading to their frequent grounding and operational delays. Also, the airline has not been able to get desired loads on its new 787 routes, to Australia, Rome-Milan and Moscow.
“The new inductions will help us to use the plane on a combination of short-haul international and domestic routes. The schedule have not been finalised,’’ said an AI source. “The 787s would be only used on metro routes for morning and evening flights. This will also enable us to compete effectively with competition and attract business customers,’’ another official added.
AI’s 787s have 256 seats each, 18 of the business class and 238 economy seats.
Currently, it has 62 Airbus family aircraft (mix of A319s, A320s and A321s), used on domestic routes and some short haul routes. AI’s domestic market share has fallen from 19.8 per cent in January to 18 per cent in July and the airline has not made additions to its fleet. It also has a shortage of Airbus A320 commanders.
Also, the airline will be facing fresh competition from the Vistara Tata-Singapore Airline domestic carrier and from AirAsia.
Air India had announced plans to lease all economy 180-seat Airbus A320s and  had called for bids as well but sources said it expected to lease A320s only next year.
The airline’s engineering department has raised concern over using 787s on domestic routes, as it would push up maintenance costs. Aircraft maintenance checks depend on the numbers of landings and takeoffs. Maintenance manuals require overhaul and replacement of parts after a certain number of flight cycles. The engineering department pointed out that using the plane on domestic routes will mean more landing and takeoffs in a day.
However an airline executive said the increase in engineering expense would be marginal. “The bulk of 787 capacity will come from international routes and it will be flown on limited domestic routes,’’ the executive added.
 Advertisements

Gadgets  gizmos and wearable techBack to school with tech gadgets fit for the office, too
Going back to school is big business. Millennials are willing to put an average of more than $900 toward school supplies and tech, according to a National Retail Federation survey. This number is up 10 percent from last year, with total college spending expected to come in just under $50...
Tech gadgets meet retro style
Have you ever wished you could pop your iPad into a Trapper Keeper? Well, now you can. The designs are classic colors like blue and red, but here's hoping for those neon and Lamborghini notebooks. Other companies are also looking to the past to create new products with a retro vibe.

The Short View: Did you sell in MayShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
How 'sell in May' worked out
Sep 3, 2014 : James Mackintosh, investment editor, examines what happened to those who sold in May and whether they should be buying back into equities as St Leger's day approaches. Markets appear to be in two minds.

10 least affordable housing markets in AmericaTweet
Buying a home is likely the largest purchase most Americans will ever make. But while in some areas homeowners are more easily able to afford a house, in others they need to spend much more of their income on their house. A home’s affordability varies considerably depending largely on where the buyer lives, but also on a variety of other factors.
Real estate tracking firm RealtyTrac calculated income-to-price affordability ratios for 2,270 counties in the country. The affordability rate is the percentage of an estimated median household income that is needed to make monthly payments on a median-priced residential property in that area. Based on RealtyTrac’s data, San Francisco County, California, is home to the least affordable houses in the nation.
Most of the least affordable markets have been out of reach for most Americans for some time. Current affordability levels in all of the 10 least affordable counties are in line with, if not slightly lower than, historical figures. For instance, in New York County — more-commonly known as Manhattan — households have had to earn at least 75% of the median income for the last 15 years to cover the costs of homeownership, which includes mortgage payments, homeowner’s insurance and property taxes.
Click here to see the 10 most affordable housing markets in America
In some cases, residents of these areas are exceptionally wealthy. Notably, the median household income in Marin County, California was more than $90,000. Five more of the nation’s least affordable housing markets had median incomes in excess of $60,000, well above the U.S. median of $51,371 during that time.
Yet high median incomes were not present in all counties. Bronx and Kings Counties, also known as New York City’s Bronx and Brooklyn boroughs, are two examples. Both had median incomes below the nationwide median.
According to Daren Blomquist, vice president at RealtyTrac, in areas around Manhattan and San Francisco, so many people “want to live in a very small area that even the markets around that area will feel the ripple effect.” In all, six of the 10 least affordable counties are located in just two major metro areas: New York and San Francisco.
Additionally, these metro areas are among the nation’s wealthiest by economic output. As of 2012, the New York and Los Angeles metro areas, which together account for four of the least affordable counties, are the nation’s two largest metro areas by gross metropolitan product (GMP). All three areas with counties among the least affordable housing markets — New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco — are among the nation’s top metro areas by per capita GMP as well.
Of course, one of the major reasons that these markets are so unaffordable is simply the price of homes. In 2013, the City and County of San Francisco and Manhattan were the two most expensive housing markets in the nation by average home price. Marin and San Mateo counties, both neighboring San Francisco and among the least affordable housing markets, had the third- and fourth-highest average home prices.
Demand is a factor driving up prices in these areas. People move to to find jobs and access to certain amenities. “Buyers know that if you are going to move to a place like San Francisco, California. or Jackson Hole, Wyoming, you are going to pay more for the quality of life there,” he explained.
Limited supply will also have an impact on affordability. Blomquist said that both geographical and policy limitations can make a region less affordable. In Manhattan, for example, “there is a limited amount of space to build and a limited supply of homes,” as well as “some constraints in terms of zoning and growth policy.” In other areas, physical barriers like oceans or mountains can have a dramatic impact on housing prices.
One way to measure the relationship between high demand and limited supply — primarily for metropolitan counties — is to use population density metrics. A densely populated area will likely have a high demand for residential space. Six of the countries reviewed were among the 100 most densely populated in the U.S.. Bronx County, New York County, Kings County, and San Francisco County were all among the top five.
To identify the least affordable homes in America, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed affordability rates by county calculated by RealtyTrac for May 2014. The affordability rate is the percentage of the county’s estimated median household income needed to make monthly payments — on mortgages, property taxes, and homeowner’s insurance — on a median-priced residential property. RealtyTrac figures also assume that home buyers take a fixed 30-year mortgage at prevailing rates with a 20% down payment. In addition, the payments include insurance and property taxes at 1.4% of home price. These calculations use a 2014 estimate for median income.
RealtyTrac calculated the affordability rate each month from January 2000 to May 2014. We excluded counties where the recorded affordability ratio for May significantly diverged from proceeding months. RealtyTrac also provided historical averages, as well as annual peak and trough values for its affordability ratio at the county level. Figures on median household income are five-year estimates from the Census Bureau’s 2012 American Community Survey. GMP figures are from the Bureau of Economic Analysis and are 2012 estimates.
These are the 10 least affordable housing markets in America.

Coming of re-globalisationSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Lex Live: No I in teamReddit
Co-chief executives. Start getting used to it.
Earlier this week Italian eyewear group Luxottica said that it would be moving to a co-CEO model. Unusual, but not unheard of. SAP has had co-CEOs in the past. Deutsche Bank has co-CEOs now. The difference with Luxottica is that there is an executive chairman on top of the co-CEOs, and an operations director below them. Plenty of cooks in the kitchen there, then.
But if you thought that was unconventional, just wait until you see Zalando. The German online fashion company said today that it would float in the second half of the year. It has been run since it was founded in 2008 years by a management team consisting of two (later three) university friends, none of whom seem to have a job title other than “member of the management team”. No CEO, no CFO, no COO. At least there are clear responsibilities – Robert Gentz handles the internet, David Schneider handles the fashion and Rubin Ritter handles the operations.
So far it seems to be working. Zalando had revenues of €1bn in the first half of the year, 30 per cent more than the same period last year, and it even managed to squeeze out a maiden profit at the EBIT level. With those revenues, it is nearly twice the size of the much-lauded Asos, despite being less than half the age. Perhaps there is something to be said for unconventional management teams.

Columns: Love in TokyoApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Editorial: Drive carefullyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Columns: Raghuram Rajans first year at RBI - Making a difference to continuityApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Debt Default or Not  It s Entrepreneurship That s Going to Save Argentinareddit
These days, when I surf the web, I often see banner ads for something called Fact Check Argentina.  The group, which is funded by a "not-for-profit" entity known as the American Task Force Argentina (ATFA), has one very clear "for-profit" goal: driving public opinion in favor of the hedge funds that appear to have the upper hand in Argentina's decade-long sovereign debt battle.  The ATFA and the Argentine government are engaged in a media battle that's playing out online and in pricey ads in leading newspapers.  Regardless of all of the spilled ink, this is not going to end well for Argentina, it seems.
If you only pay attention to this ongoing war of attrition, you'd be forgiven for missing a more hopeful story that is also coming out of Argentina.  Despite years of economic turmoil and political intrigue, the country is making it's case to be known as a hub for technology, software development, and entrepreneurship.  Somehow, the technology industry has defied gravity to become a ray of economic sunshine in a country that has grown accustomed to bad news.
Consider all that has happened in Argentina over the past 15 years.  Rioting brought down the government in 2001 and the country had 4 presidents in 2 years.  The country defaulted on its debt and remains cut-off from the international capital markets. After a brief respite of relative growth and stability, it looks like the administration of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner has little left in its bag of tricks. Argentina now finds itself back in the debt doldrums.  Things have gotten so bad that the black market rate - the Dólar Blue - now trades at a level that is more than 50% below the official rate.
Despite all of these headwinds, Argentina still has human capital that is among the finest in the Western Hemisphere.  As a result, besides Leo Messi and Pope Francis, lines of code built by Argentina's talented software engineers are among the best things coming out of Argentina these days.  Thanks to their efforts, Buenos Aires is positioning itself to become an important outsourcing destination, especially for the US market.  For example, just last month, Argentina's Globant, an outsourced development firm, became the first Latin American software company to go public on the NYSE.
Argentina's gambit to build a dominant technology industry is driven by a few core competitive advantages.  The country benefits from a high skilled multi-lingual labor force, low wages, and a business friendly time zone for US customers.  Plus, Buenos Aires is a beautiful and cosmopolitan city that's easily accessible from the United States via an overnight flight.  The city offers high quality hotels, fantastic restaurants, and well-established tourist infrastructure, all at shockingly affordable prices.  This is especially true if you can get your hands on some currency at the Dólar Blue rate, as I chronicled last year in Business Insider (" Meanwhile, In Argentina The Black Market Dollar Exchange Has 17,000 Facebook Likes ")
Over a steak, empanadas, and, of course, a bottle of malbec, in Buenos Aires' tech-centric Palermo Hollywood district, Lisa Besserman, the founder of Startup Buenos Aires (SUBA), explained what makes the Argentine tech scene special.  "Despite  - or perhaps thanks to - the ups and downs in the national economy, Argentina has developed a highly resilient class of entrepreneurs who build businesses with global ambitions; they don't have the luxury of staying local."  When Besserman moved from New York to Buenos Aires in 2012, she thought she'd stay for a few months.   Now fully settled and married to an Argentine, she is driving a movement to replicate the collaborative and dynamic tech scene that she left behind in NYC in her adopted home.
SUBA brings together the tech community via classes, workshops, and frequent events that drive collaboration and the creation of a sustainable tech ecosystem.  Since she's got a foot in both countries, she's also fielding an increasing number of inquiries from startups in the U.S who are looking to tap into Buenos Aires' web and mobile development talent.  With developer costs that are as little as 25% of the cost in New York or Silicon Valley for equivalent talent, the pitch is straightforward.  According to Besserman, "the war for talent nowadays is global and Argentina can compete and win."
Follow Patrick McGinnis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/pjmcginnis
More:

Google s health startup forges venture with AbbVieApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Owner of multiple properties should move up to commercial insurer0
Investors typically buy coverage for the building but not for contents coverage -- that would be covered by the renter's own policy. You'll also want to investigate an umbrella liability policy that would provide you with a larger amount of liability coverage, in case someone visiting one of your renters trips and falls on the stairs and decides to sue you. You should require your tenants to carry proper amounts of rental insurance, so that there is coverage for the property and their contents. You can stipulate in your lease what type of coverage should be acquired, and for how much, and you can require the tenant to provide proof of coverage before the lease will be considered in force.
You should find a good insurance broker who can help you understand the various types of risks you face and what of policies will help you mitigate those risks. You should find someone who works with a lot of other real estate investors, and who works with solid companies that are well known and well funded.
Good luck.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

UKs microbrewery boomSeptember 4, 2014 12:03 am
Rise of microbreweries helps revive ale industry
By Roger Blitz, Leisure Industries Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/58fdddc8-3385-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Euro tumbles after ECB cuts ratesLast updated: September 4, 2014 9:22 pm
Euro pummelled after ECB cuts rates
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3ca73498-33e5-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shriram keen to float multiple niche banks  seeks RBI opinionNupur Anand |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 AM IST
Shriram seeks clarity on niche bank operation
May apply for small bank and wholesale consumer banking licence
Having failed to earlier get a universal banking licence, the Chennai-based Shriram Group, which has a cluster of companies offering financial services, is now keen to apply for a small bank licence or a wholesale consumer banking one. Only, though, if it means they can carry on with their existing business.
“We have written to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) if one promoter can float multiple banks with different managements and different boards,” said G S Sundararajan, group director. “In case it is allowed, we would be keen to look at wholesale consumer banks and small banks as well.”
In a major shift in its traditional stance on bank licensing, RBI has said it would allow niche banking activities and invite applications for differentiated licences, along with those for a universal lender. It has already issued proposed norms on payment banks and small banks.
 
AIMING AT MULTIPLE POINTS
Shriram Group keen to apply for a small bank licence
It has also evinced interest on ‘wholesale consumer banking licence’, as and when draft guidelines are published
The Nachiket Mor panel on comprehensive financial services for small businesses and low income households talks about ‘wholesale consumer bank’ and ‘wholesale investment bank’
The group is keen to get into the banking space as it believes there is a final gap the offerings it has on the financial side of the business
The Nachiket Mor panel’s report on comprehensive financial services for small businesses and low income households has talked about wholesale consumer banks and wholesale investment banks. Draft guidelines on the latter bank are yet to come out. Sundararajan said if guidelines on wholesale consumer banks don’t hamper the current operations of the group’s businesses, they’d be more keen on this as compared to other differentiated banks.
The Rs 76,000-crore group is keen to get into the banking space, as it believes this is a gap in what it offers. Its hurdle is that RBI norms mandate converting an existing non-banking finance company (NBFC) into a bank, for no other entity in a group is allowed to offer products that a bank can. In the previous round of applications for a (universal) banking licence, Shriram Capital had told RBI towards the end that it was not comfortable with the regulation which mandated the merging of Shriram Transport Finance Corporation and Shriram City Union into the bank, in case a licence was granted.
Apart from the promoter status, the company has asked for some more clarifications on small banks. “For instance, we have asked what geography we should look at. The draft also said you will have to ring-fence the NBFC operation in that particular geography; what exactly does that mean? Does it mean we cannot do any more business there or we can do so in both the entities separately?” added Sundararajan.
He said there’d also been issues regarding the provisioning norms and the area of operations. “Why should we have SLR (statutory liquidity ratio), CRR (cash reserve ratio) requirements when we will be a financial inclusion bank? And, if it is going to cater to the priority sector for 50-60 per cent, why should there be SLR, CRR requirements anyway? Similarly, what are the geographies that can be covered by small banks? It says contiguous district/states — does it mean contiguous district and states or does it mean either districts or states?” he asked.
The group is very clear that it will apply for a licence only if their existing business is not hampered.”If we have to transfer our existing business into banks, it does not work for us. This will mean depriving our customer of credit for a considerable period of time till we build our deposit base,” explained Sundararajan.
 Advertisements

India Post best suited for e-commerce delivery services: govtPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 08:25 PM IST
India Post best suited for e-commerce delivery services: govt
India Post has over 1.55 lakh post offices of which more than 1.39 lakh are in the rural areas
Communication and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad today said India Post with the world's largest postal network is best suited to offer delivery services to e-commerce firms.
Prasad, who today met Probationers of the 2013 batch of the Indian Postal Service here, said there is a need to expose young officers to the latest developments and emerging trends in the postal and logistics sectors.
The Minister highlighted that the Digital India project, which aims to make broadband facility available in every village across the country, would drive up e-commerce business in villages.
With its unparalleled rural reach, India Post would be best suited to offer delivery services to e-commerce players, he added.
India Post has over 1.55 lakh post offices of which more than 1.39 lakh are in the rural areas. On an average, a post office serves an area of 21.21 sq. Km and a population of 7,175 people.
According to market analysts, last-mile delivery of products ordered by online shoppers will figure as one of the major deciding factors for e-commerce firms like Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon, etc.
Firms are already offering one-day delivery and this will further intensify with firms investing hugely in logistics to ramp up their delivery system.
The opportunity in back-end logistics for online shopping segment is estimated to be about Rs 3,500-4,000 crore, a major part of which is last mile delivery.
According to a joint study by consultancy firm PwC and industry body Assocham, the size of the e-retail industry is poised to touch $10-20 billion by 2017-2020 and e-commerce firms are expected to spend up to $1.9 billion by 2017-2020 on infrastructure, logistics and warehousing.
Another report by consulting firm Technopak pegs the $2.3 billion e-tailing market to reach $32 billion by 2020.
Prasad said Post Office can also become a focal point for delivering not only government services but also e-services to the people as in e-service centres, apart from commercially remunerative services for corporate/private players including conducting market surveys, information dissemination, etc.
 Advertisements

De-risk manoeuvre: Maruti Suzuki to pay royalty to Suzuki in Indian rupeesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Jabong joins Global Fashion GroupBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:44 AM IST
Jabong joins Global Fashion Group
The agreement means consumers will enjoy greater choices in assortment with varied price points adding to their shopping experience
Jabong, the fashion and lifestyle e-commerce portal, has joined hands with four other leading fashion e-commerce businesses present across 23 countries, to become a part of what will be known as the Global Fashion Group.
The agreement means consumers will enjoy more choices and varied price points. “The local brand identity of Jabong will be the same. This tie-up will give us access to more brands and private labels through common sourcing," said Praveen Sinha, founder and chief executive. There will also be a lot of knowledge sharing on information technology and other local innovations like cash on delivery in India, he said.  Dafiti (present in Brazil), Lamoda (Russia), Namshi (West Asia), Zalora (Southeast Asia & Australia) are the four other online fashion portals that have come together with Jabong.
These five portals together have 4.6 million active customers and generate €463 million of gross merchandise volume annually. The combined entity is valued at €2.7 billion (Rs 21,600 crore), based on the last funding rounds of all five companies, according to a statement by Kennevik.
Kinnevik, Rocket Internet and Access Industries together have a share of 56 per cent in the newly formed Global Fashion Group.
While the booming e-commerce market in India is abuzz with talk of mergers, buyouts and fund raising, experts say the move by Jabong vouches for its strong individual identity and long-term sustainability through a pool of investors, with deep pockets.
Though the five GFG companies will continue to be led by their respective founders and management teams, a central leadership team will soon be formed to pursue global strategy in the online fashion space. Later, a restructuring process will be undertaken through an equity swap to form GFG, said sources.
Flipkart’s $1-bn fundraising, followed by Amazon’s $2-bn investment announcement, had put eyes on leading competitors like aggregate player Snapdeal and Jabong.
Fashion, with high margins and an exponential growth rate, is the most sought category in the e-commerce space. Flipkart acquired fashion portal Myntra earlier this year to expand into the category and has been tapping the local handloom markets through partnerships with the ministry of textiles and the Federation of Indian Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises. American giant Amazon has similar plans. For Snapdeal, the category contributes about 60 per cent of their overall volume.
 Advertisements

NPA for the banking sector to inch up in FY15: IcraBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:46 AM IST
Banking system's NPAs to inch up in FY15: Icra
For the whole banking sector also the gross NPA is expected to increase to 4-4.2% at the end of this financial year
Despite lenders claiming bad loans are under check, the asset quality of banks continues to worsen. Rating agency Icra estimates public sector banks’ gross non-performing assets (NPAs) to stand at up to 4.7 per cent at the end of this financial year, compared with 4.4 per cent at the end of FY14.
For the entire banking sector, gross NPAs are expected to stand at 4-4.2 per cent, against 3.9 per cent at the end of March this year and four per cent at the end of June.
“The rate of generation of fresh NPAs remained elevated for public sector banks (3.5 per cent) and, as result, their gross NPAs increased by 20 basis points to 4.6 per cent in the first quarter of FY15. During the same quarter, the NPAs of private banks increased by 20 basis points to two per cent,” Icra said.
The agency expects the sale of bad loans to asset reconstruction companies to decrease; this might further increase the NPAs in the banking system. Had it not been for the sale of NPAs to asset reconstruction companies, the banking system’s gross NPAs would have been 20-30 basis points higher, Icra said.
As the Reserve Bank of India has mandated asset reconstruction companies to invest and hold 15 per cent in security receipts, against five per cent earlier, the sale of NPAs to these companies might decrease.
During the quarter ended June this year, there was a significant fall in fresh referrals to the corporate debt restructuring cell. Icra said at the end of the June quarter, the standard restructured book continued to be relatively large---about six per cent for public sector banks and five per cent for the entire banking system.
 Advertisements

RBI sucks out liquidity worth Rs 48 387 crBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 08:26 PM IST
RBI sucks out liquidity worth Rs 48,387 cr
The excess liquidity in the system was there because of recent government spending which RBI has been sucking out
In the variable rate reverse repo auction held today the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) sucked out liquidity worth Rs 48,387 crore from the system as against the notified amount of Rs 50,000 crore. The total amount of offers received were also 48,387 crore. The cut off rate was 7.99% for the auction.
According to bank treasury officials the excess liquidity in the system was there because of recent government spending which RBI has been sucking out. So far this month RBI has sucked out liquidity over Rs 1 lakh crore. However, despite the drain in liquidity call money rates have been below the repo rate of 8% so far this month.
 

US Stocks Rise After ECB Boost StimulusAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Foreign  Indian carriers in airfare war; Air France offers Rs 10 000 discountApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

All We Had and white victims of the housing crisisBy Stacia L. Brown September 4
(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)
Enough time has passed since the 2008 collapse of the housing market for novelists to pen and publish works that reflect on it. Annie Weatherwax’s debut novel, “All We Had,” is one such work. Published last month, “All We Had” is a story about dirt-poor desperation, lifelong transience and instability of all kinds: food, housing, economic, emotional. At its center are 29-year-old single mom Rita and her precocious 13-year-old, Ruthie. They’ve never lived in a home of their own and, in the novel’s opening, they’ve decided to leave yet another of Rita’s gainfully employed, house-owning, creepy boyfriends — but not before stealing many of his sellable possessions.
On the road again with no money, a car on its last leg, and a flimsy plan to make their way toward Boston so that Ruthie will be close to Harvard — where her mother is certain she’ll eventually attend college — they end up in a sleepy, forgotten town called Fat River in upstate New York.
Weatherwax, best known for her long career as a visual artist , takes particular care to render generational poverty in palpable ways. When Rita urges Ruthie to steal bottles of Diet Coke and snack cakes, readers can practically hear the acids churning in their stomachs as Weatherwax describes how long it’s been since they’ve last eaten and how impatient they are to get every last crumb into their mouths. It’s the kind of careful narrative setup that makes their sudden good fortune in Fat River, where Rita scores a job as a waitress and the pair find themselves renting their a house within a year, such a relief to the reader.
Of course we know, from the moment Vick, an oily realtor, wedges his foot into Rita’s door, that the mother-daughter duo won’t be happy for long.
It’s never stated outright that Rita — or any of her neighbors, for that matter — signed a subprime mortgage agreement, but as the town’s single factory closes and its small business shutter, the quiet panic that seizes each character makes it obvious.
For me, “All We Had” came at an intriguing time; I read it months after The Atlantic published Ta-Nehisi Coates’ “ The Case for Reparations ,” which places housing inequity at the center of its argument. And I’m writing about the novel just days after news broke that Evans Bank of Buffalo, NY is at the center of a Fair Housing Act discrimination case. The bank is accused of redlining — or denying predominantly black neighborhoods in east Buffalo access to mortgage lending. The case is one of several against banks nationwide, one of the many pervasive aftershocks of the 2008 housing crisis. Redlining or “reverse-redlining,” in which banks disproportionately offer predatory loans to blacks and Latinos, are inching toward the forefront of national conversation.
None of the crisis-affected characters in Weatherwax’s “All We Had” are black or Latino, and reading the novel was a departure from the discourse within which I’ve found myself immersed. It’s a story about poor, working-class white families displaced from the only community where they could afford to live. Weatherwax describes Rita watching her neighbors sell off the big screen TVs and recliners they’d had delivered just months before, then disappear into the night, abandoning trailer homes. She writes about an old couple whose hardware store folds and how, at first they rallied, then slowly resigned themselves to desolation.
In these ways, “All We Had” also challenged my concept of the white families most affected by the mortgage crisis. While news coverage and political anecdotes have primarily focused on suburban families and the buckling of America’s middle class, far less time has been spent exploring women like Rita. “Wall Street vs. Main Street” discussions haven’t always accounted for women like her: dirt-poor and underemployed with minimal hope of affording a mortgage alone. (A notable exception is Monica Potts’s brilliant essay, “ What’s Killing Poor White Women ?”)
In the end, “recovery” takes far different shape for Rita and Ruthie than for a middle-class slowly making its way out of a financial slump. Rita falls back on her old habit of landing a man with his own mortgage — and this time she chooses Vick, the realtor who tricked her into signing hers. In his well-appointed home, she wears his deceased wife’s clothing and pretends to be far more refined than she is.
In the book’s only scene to imply race, Weatherwax delivers the novel’s most incisive social commentary. Rita and Ruthie encounter Vick’s likely-Latina (“olive-skinned” and “chattering in Spanish”) maid one afternoon. Ruthie asks if they should introduce themselves to her and Rita says, “No. We’re supposed to act like we don’t see her.” Ruthie then asks if they help her. Rita responds with a no. “We’re in a totally different class now.” “Aren’t we all just humans?” Ruthie challenges. Finally, Rita is silent.
Fiction allows for long and deeply honest meditation on the human condition. It is a space where readers are privy to the uncensored inner thoughts of characters suffering through common societal crises — characters and crises quite representative of the reader and his own. The most profound insights in “All We Had” have to do with the potential hidden costs of “economic recovery” for poor whites: an erosion of empathy, an insistence on maintaining the same hierarchical code that bars upward mobility for others, and a willingness to abandon one’s identity. This last bit is only an option for whites; poor blacks can’t abandon their racial identity and pretend their way into a “totally different class.” But this is beside Weatherwax’s point. Her point is that no one should have to pretend their way out of poverty. No one should have to marry an amoral, lascivious partner to avoid certain destitution. There’s much to recommend this lovely debut novel, but the best of its virtues are these truths.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409851966/1409851966000/1409851966 tracking: {authors=Stacia L. Brown, blog_name=act-four, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=all-we-had-and-white-victims-of-the-housing-crisis, post_id=3204, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 5:32:46 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 5:32:46 PM

S&P 500  Dow scale new highs on upbeat data  ECB movesWall Street ends lower as Apple falls, bond yields rise
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
NASDAQ NYSE Euronext, Inc. Financial Markets The Home Depot
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday as Apple  shares declined and as bond yields hit their highest in a month on concerns the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates sooner than some investors had expected.
All 10 S&P 500 sectors ended lower. Apple shares, which jumped as much as 4.8 percent earlier in the session after the company unveiled a smartwatch, ended down 0.4 percent at $97.99. Apple also announced two larger iPhones.
Benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note yields rose to 2.5 percent.
Apart from geopolitical concerns, investors are becoming increasingly worried about the global economy, and especially Europe, weakening again. ( Gail MarksJarvis )
Sectors with high-dividend paying stocks including utilities were among the day's weakest. The utilities sector <.SPLRCU> and telecommunications <.SPLRCL> each fell 1.2 percent.
Improving U.S. economic conditions may force the Federal Reserve "to tighten sooner rather than later," said Doug Cote, chief market strategist with Voya Investment Management in New York.
"Rising rates are an immediate discount for financial assets, including equities," he said.
8
Shares of Home Depot  fell 2.1 percent, a day after the company confirmed its payment security system had been breached.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> declined 97.55 points or 0.57 percent, to 17,013.87, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 13.1 points or 0.65 percent, to 1,988.44 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 40.00 points or 0.87 percent, to 4,552.29.
About 5.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 5.5 billion average for the last five days, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
The Fed supposedly owns 1/4 of ALL stocks. Anybody who still thinks investing in the stock market, and the dollar is getting stronger, is an idiot.
Jackie Puppet
90
In the options market, Apple options volume rose to a record daily volume of 2.97 million contracts traded, according to Henry Schwartz, president of options analytics firm Trade Alert. Contract volume was about three times normal and calls led puts by a ratio of 2.1:1, according to Trade Alert data.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Pulse Electronics , which was rising 53.47 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was Usec , down 18.05 percent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Brazil's Petrobras , down 2.83 percent to $17.83 and Pfizer , down 0.58 percent at $29.23.
Besides Apple, Yahoo , down 2.5 percent at $40.78, and Microsoft , up 0.6 percent to $46.76 were among the most actively traded on Nasdaq.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,338 to 698, for a 3.35-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,046 issues were falling and 637 advancing for a 3.21-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The broad S&P 500 index was posting 17 new 52-week highs and five new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 56 new highs and 58 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; Editing by Nick Zieminski, Chris Reese and Meredith Mazzilli)

Andhra Pradesh to profit from decision on new capital Vijayawada: Industry bodiesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Google to refund $19 million in kids  in-app purchase case: U.S0
"We're glad to put this matter behind us so we can focus on creating more ways for people to enjoy all the entertainment they love," said a Google spokeswoman.
In the Apple settlement, it agreed to refund to customers at least $32.5 million in unauthorized charges made by children and to change its billing practices to require consent from parents for in-app spending.
The commission sued Amazon.com in July on the same issue.
The FTC has alleged that the companies were too lax in allowing children playing some app games to ring up charges on their parents' credit cards to buy pricey digital goods.
In the game Air Penguins, for example, children can buy virtual fish costing $49.99 to feed virtual penguins living on virtual melting ice caps.
"Children could rack up charges just by tapping on pop-up boxes," said FTC Chairwoman Edith Ramirez, adding that Google's staff pointed to what they called "family fraud" or "friendly fraud" as a leading source of refund requests.
Google first began offering in-app charges, as the virtual purchases are known, in 2011 without requiring any password or taking other steps to ensure that the parent approved of the child's charges, the FTC said.
In 2012, Google began asking for the credit card holder's password before allowing the purchase. But, granting permission for one purchase would open a 30-minute window where children could make purchases without re-entering a password, the FTC said.
Initially, Google urged unhappy parents to take up the issue with the app developer, the FTC said.
Google shares were about 1 percent higher in afternoon trading on Thursday.
(Reporting by Diane Bartz; Editing by Ros Krasny, Mohammad Zargham and Cynthia Osterman)

Sangma asks insurgents not to have link with political partiesSangma asks insurgents not to have link with political parties
Former Gov. Bob McDonnell Found Guilty of Corruptionformer gov. bob mcdonnell found guilty of corruption
Turkey arrests 19 jihadists in border provinceTurkey arrests 19 jihadists in border province
SC refuses to restrain media from reporting on 2G & coal scam casesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Andhra Pradesh capital to be located around VijayawadaApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

MMRDA tenders Rs 245-crore Ulhas creek bridgeApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Woman accuses additional CJM of outraging hermodestyPrint
Express News Service | Allhabad | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:14 am
A 20-year-old woman has accused an Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate in Azamgarh district court of outraging her modesty, when she had gone to record her statement in a criminal case of kidnapping and rape.
The alleged incident occurred Wednesday, following which the lawyers protested and a complaint was lodged by the woman at the office of the Chief Judicial Magistrate. It was later referred to the office of the District Judge.
On Thursday, a section of the lawyers, demanding quick action against the said magistrate, went on strike.
The woman had allegedly gone missing on August 25 from near her house under Bilariyaganj police station area of the district.
“An FIR of kidnapping was registered by her father on August 26. The same day the woman was recovered from a place in Maharajganj area. Subsequently, she complained that one of the five named accused had raped her. Four of the accused were arrested and one was absconding,” said Station Officer (Bilariyaganj), Anil Prakash Singh.
The SO said that the woman was sent to the district court for recording her statement under Section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code before a magistrate. “A woman constable and a sub-inspector had accompanied her. During the recording of the statement, the police personnel were kept outside. When the girl came out, a ruckus broke out and we came to know that allegations have been levelled,” he added.

CCI seeks public view on Ranbaxy  SunmergerPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:12 am
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has sought public comments on the proposed $4-billion merger deal of Ranbaxy with Sun Pharma after prima facie finding that the deal may have an appreciable adverse effect on competition.
This is the first time the commission has asked for comments from public on any combination or merger and acquisition as provided in the Competition Act under Section 29 (3).
The comments have to submitted to the commission within 15 days, along with supporting documents on how the merger can adversely impact the concerned person or entity and the “unsubstantiated objections” would not be considered.
According to a statement issued by the commission, the two companies have been asked to publish details of the combination within 10 working days for bringing the combination to the knowledge or information of the public and persons affected or likely to be affected by such combination.
Giving out the details in the matter, the competition watchdog said that the two companies have a combined presence in 18 therapeutic areas, 127 therapeutic groups and 246 molecules.

ECB surprises with rate cut  new stimulusplanPrint
Associated Press | Frankfurt | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:11 am
Trying to salvage a weak recovery, the European Central Bank on Thursday cut interest rates and announced a new economic stimulus programme that involves buying financial assets.
The chief monetary authority for the 18 countries that use the euro cut its benchmark interest rate from 0.15 to 0.05 per cent, a new record low. The step reduces the costs banks pay when they borrow from the ECB. Lower rates stimulate more lending and growth.
But companies are finding credit hard to get even with low rates. So the ECB turned to more drastic measures and also announced a program to buy private-sector bonds.
The aim is to make credit cheaper and easier to get, helping investment and growth at a time when the economy of the 18-country euro zone has stalled.
S&P 500, Dow scale new highs on upbeat US data, ECB moves
NEW YORK: US stocks climbed on Thursday after the European Central Bank cut interest rates and announced a new plan to stimulate the euro zone economy, and as a flurry of data pointed to a steadily improving US economy.
Both the Dow and S&P 500 touched record intra-day highs after the ECB’s surprise move, with the benchmark index hitting a high of 2,011.17.
Investors had hoped for decisive action from the ECB to thwart deflation and spur stagnating growth in the euro zone.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.85 points to 17,118.13. The S&P 500 was up 5.18 points to 2,005.9. The Nasdaq Composite added 15.19 points to 4,587.75. Data showed US initial jobless claims rose to 3,02,000 last week, within levels consistent with a strengthening labour market, while US firms hired fewer workers than expected in August, according to the private ADP survey. Reuters

Employees Pension Scheme notified  beneficiariescappedPrint
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:11 am
Even as the labour ministry has finally notified a minimum monthly pension of Rs 1,000 to subscribers of the Employees’ Pension Scheme, it has introduced fresh provisions to cap the number of beneficiaries as it tries to keep the scheme viable for the government.
Under the fresh guidelines, only those workers whose starting salary is Rs 15,000 or less will be eligible to become members of the EPS.
“No diversion to EPS shall be made for all new PF members on or after September 1, 2014 having (pay) more than Rs 15,000 at the time of joining,” the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation has stressed in a recent circular.
This is a significant change from the previous system, where in all members of the EPFO were also automatically made subscribers of the related EPS.
Earlier, of the 24 per cent contribution deducted from a worker’s monthly basic pay for provident fund, 8.33 per cent was diverted to the EPS.
The EPFO has also stressed that new members will no longer have the option of contributing over the defined wage ceiling of Rs 15,000 to the EPS. Existing subscribers who have till now been contributing over the Rs 6,500 wage cap to the EPS, however, have been given an option to continue contributing over the increased wage cap but they would also have to contribute the government subsidy of 1.16 per cent on the excess amount.
“The fresh option is to be exercised within a period of six months…. if it is not exercised, it shall be deemed that the employee has not opted in allowing contribution over the wage ceiling,” said the EPFO, adding that the excess contributions will instead be diverted to the EPF account of the member.
The new norms have also devised a fresh calculation for assessing the pensionable salary where in the period for calculating the average monthly pay has been increased from 12 months to 60 months.
Meanwhile, the pensionable salary would be calculated on a pro-rata basis separately for the period up to August 31, 2014 and the subsequent period using the wage ceiling of Rs 6,500 per month and Rs 15,000 per month respectively. Similarly, the withdrawal benefit would also be based on the weighted wages at different wage ceilings.

Maruti to pay royalty to Suzuki inRPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:09 am
Maruti Suzuki India will pay royalty to parent Suzuki Motor (SMC) in rupees instead of yen, thus shifting the risk of foreign exchange fluctuations to the parent firm, chairman RC Bhargava told shareholders at the annual general meeting on Thursday.
However, this change would not lead to any immediate gain for Maruti as this new arrangement would kick in only once the company signs a new product agreement for future launches. Right now the launches, like its mid-size sedan Ciaz which would hit the roads sometime next month or any further launches already planned and lined up would continue to be governed by the current agreement where forex risk would continue to lie with Maruti. According to a company official the new arrangement may kick in from FY19.
“On all future models the royalty will be expressed in rupees … and not (in) the yen so that we are not exposed to the variation in the exchange rate which has been happening in the past,” Bhargava said.
Maruti, in which Japan’s SMC holds 56 per cent stake, pays royalty on a per-car basis in yen for use of technical know-how and use of the parent’s brand name. During FY14 the company paid a royalty of Rs 2,486 crore or around 6 per cent of its net sales.
Illustrating how the new arrangement when it comes into force would help the firm, a company official said that currently royalty is paid on a per-car basis in yen, which would change to rupee. Earlier, if the royalty was like 100 yen per car and the rupee became weaker, Maruti paid more in rupee terms. Now, the payment will remain constant.
Bhargava also said that with Maruti enhancing its research and development capabilities future royalty payouts would decrease. “More and more R&D work will be done in India and royalty calculation would be based on work done here and our expenditures on R&D will be rewarded in the form of reduced royalty,” he said.
On the Gujarat unit, Bhargava said that the plant would be commissioned in 2017 and urged shareholders to exercise their franchise favourably in the voting that is to take place sometime next month to let Suzuki own and invest at the facility.
The Gujarat unit would be owned by Suzuki, which would manufacture the vehicles and provide them to Maruti at no cost, with no mark-up on account of return on capital employed. The Gujarat firm would not sell cars to anyone else anywhere, it would not make any profit or loss or accumulate any surplus. FE

PSUs suing each other is sad state of affairs:HCPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:08 am
Expressing concern over the “sad state of affairs” with government agencies filing cases against each other, the Delhi High Court on Thursday imposed litigation costs of Rs 20,000 on the Cement Corporation of India (CCI).
The CCI had been embroiled in a property dispute with Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) since 2003 over the possession of an office space at Darya Ganj in Delhi.
CCI had been directed to vacate the property, owned by the LIC, in 2003. The PSU, however, chose to approach the Delhi High Court against the orders of the additional district judge as well as LIC’s Estate Officer. The High Court single bench in 2007 upheld the decisions, after which the CCI again filed an appeal before the division bench.
The court of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice RS Endlaw in its judgment issued on Thursday pulled up both the government bodies for failing to resolve the issue.
“The appellant (CCI) and respondent (LIC) both of which are PSUs have been litigating before this court and continue to litigate even after the Prime Minister of the nation recently issued a statement against continuance of such litigations,” said the court.
“Not only so, the continuance of this appeal for a period of nearly seven years, with neither of the two parties having been able to reap benefits from the use of the property, is most unfortunate. Resultantly, while dismissing the appeal we impose cost of Rs 20,000 on the appellant, payable to the respondent,” the bench said. The court observed that according to the facts of the case, CCI’s possession of the subject property was unauthorised. The court also pulled up the LIC for failing to take possession of the property.

The Buzz on Caffeine in Coffee: A Genetic QuirkAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Bank of Japan stimulus onBank of Japan stimulus on
Maruti set to take on Leyland DostTata Ace with three new launchesMaruti set to take on Leyland DostTata Ace with three new launches
Narendra Modi government may allow EPFO to invest in markets  Rs 6 000 crore to flow into stocks annuallyNarendra Modi government may allow EPFO to invest in markets  Rs 6 000 crore to flow into stocks annually
Govt to introduce farm income insurance scheme: Agri MinisterGovt to introduce farm income insurance scheme: Agri Minister
US preparing new round of economic sanctions on RussiaUS preparing new round of economic sanctions on Russia
How Old Should a Child Be to Fly AloneAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Essar Ports seeks shareholders nod for raising $1 billionApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

General Atlantic sells IndusInd Bank shares worth Rs 398 crApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Fitch retains rating of SBI  ICICI  BoB  PNB and other banksApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Justice has a mountain to climb  of 31.3 million pending casesJustice has a mountain to climb, of 31.3 million pending cases
HT Data Bureau , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 04, 2014
First Published: 14:27 IST(4/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:56 IST(4/9/2014)
As challenges go, the justice system in India is up against it — staring at more than 31.3 million pending cases.
 
This backlog takes a toll on individuals as well as the system. 
 
Even the top is heavy in this case. The number of pending cases (civil + criminal) in the Supreme Court as on May 2014 is 63,843, an increase of 9% from 58,519 cases in 2011.
 
The Supreme Court website states that more than 50% of the pending cases are miscellaneous and not ready regular hearing matters.
 
Pending cases in high courts as on December 2013 stood at 4.4 million, up from 4.3 million in 2011. The Allahabad high court alone accounted for a million of these pending cases.
The pendency of cases in district and subordinate courts was 20 million in 2013, registering a fall of 100,000 from 2011.
 
Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra have the highest backlog. Incidentally, UP is the most populous state in India and Maharashtra too has a huge population.
 
Gujarat, not among the five most populous states in India, has the third highest number of pending cases in its district and subordinate courts.
 
 
Incidentally, around 25% of cases in all courts are pending for five years or more; 70% are pending for less than five years; and the rest are instituted every year.
 
Parliament data state that increasing number of legislations, accumulation of first appeals, adjournments and lack of logistics are the causes for more than 30 million cases pending.
Vacancies of judges and judicial personnel have also not helped.
 
A closer look at the data reveals that the Supreme Court has five vacancies; high courts have 319, while district and subordinate courts have vacancies of 4,382 judicial officers.
We can see a correlation between vacancy of judges and pending number of cases in Allahabad and Calcutta high courts.
 
The Allahabad high court has the highest number of vacancies as well as the highest number of pending cases.
 
The Parliament recently passed the National Judicial Appointments Commission (NJAC) Bill that gives it power to regulate judicial appointments.
 
At present, the judge strength is around 14 to 16 for a million citizens. Ideally, as per the Supreme Court, it should be around 50 per million.
 
Developed regions like Europe have more than 150 judges per million, while the United States has nearly 100 judges for the same number.
 
A possible way out could be the creation of more Lok Adalats. Between 2001 and 2012, a total of 104,728 Lok Adalats were conducted all across India and they disposed of more than 2.4 million cases.
 
The National Mission for Justice Delivery and Legal Reforms was established in June 2011 with the primary aim of reducing delays. The Centre committed Rs. 5,510 crore for the mission from 2011-2016.
 
Efforts are on to tackle the challenge, but the piled up numbers suggest much more needs to be done, and fast.
Ideation and written by : Sourjya Bhowmick
Research : Shreya Chatterjee

Should Legroom Fights Really Divert AirplanesUnited Airlines' new reclining Business First class seats on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner.
Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images
A little over a week ago, United Airlines Flight 1462 from Newark, New Jersey, to Denver was forced to divert midtrip because two passengers got into a fight over legroom. Since then, not one but two additional U.S. flights have been forced to make unplanned landings because of similar in-air squabbles. On Aug. 27, an American Airlines flight from Miami to Paris was diverted to Boston after a passenger began quarreling with the traveler in front of him over a reclining seat and, when the dispute escalated, grabbed the arm of a crew member. Then on Sunday, a Delta flight from New York to West Palm Beach, Florida, landed prematurely in Jacksonville after a passenger who reclined angered a woman who'd been sleeping on the tray table.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.
 
The seeming explosion of in-flight battles over legroom is being dubbed " recline rage " and attributed to the ever-smaller seats that today's airlines cram passengers into. Over the past few decades, seats have dwindled by about two inches in width and shrunk two to six inches between rows; the most tightly packed seats now allot a mere 28 inches in that regard. Passengers have unhelpfully done just the opposite—growing taller and packing on extra pounds. " It's No Longer Safe to Recline Your Airplane Seat ," declared an Associated Press headline earlier this week.
Advertisement
Clearly, things are getting a little out of hand in the skies. But does the recent spate of diverted flights signal an epidemic of "recline rage," or is this a relatively common problem that has only recently gotten media attention? "The incidence of air rage has been going up consistently year by year," says Robert Mann, a former airline executive and president of airline consulting firm R.W. Mann & Co. Customers are increasingly upset with the tight quarters they've been given by airlines and tend to give lower satisfaction marks to fuller flights. "It's not surprising that in August, which is the peak season for North American airlines, that this would manifest more frequently," he says.
Then again, more frequently still doesn't mean this sort of incident is common. According to Airlines for America, diversions of any type are "extremely rare." Only one in 500 flights is typically diverted for reasons ranging from weather to mechanical issues to medical emergencies. Diversions from passenger disruption are much more infrequent. The International Air Transport Association told the AP that unruly passengers are an "escalating problem" that have disrupted one in every 1,300 flights over the past three years. The Department of Transportation doesn't break out specific reasons for diversions.
And here's the bigger question: Should scuffles over legroom really cause flights to divert? Once the plane begins operating, that decision ultimately lies with the pilot and crew. "Flight attendants and pilots are trained in threat levels—and that includes everything from a passenger who refuses a safety directive up to high threat levels, things that could manifest themselves in serious danger to the flight," says Jessica Wheeler, a spokeswoman for Allegiant Air (which, for the record, does not use reclining seats). "Each situation is going to merit a different response."
Top Comment
I understand the idea of "I paid for the seat, so if the seat reclines, I'm allowed to recline, by golly."  I understand it, but it doesn't make you any less of a dick.   More...
-Some Disgraced Cosmonaut
Join In
Mann argues that the threshold for diversion as things stand is far too low. He notes that every hour an aircraft spends in the air costs about $6,000. "If you have to go an hour out of the way, it's a significant expense to the airline and a significant inconvenience to the people on board," he says. What's more, if in the process of a diversion the pilot and crew reach the maximum work hours allowed by regulation, the flight could be canceled until an entirely new pilot and crew is brought in. "More thought needs to go into it," Mann says. "I just see these as issues that shouldn't have resulted in a diversion."
With August wrapped up and Labor Day weekend over, the instances of legroom-induced air rage will hopefully start to taper off. But at the rate we've been going it seems safe to add: Recline at your own risk.

Yamaha launches FZ Version 2.0 and FZ-S Vers...deluxe segment
(With the launch of these…)
COIMBATORE: Yamaha Motor India Sales today launched its two new models to comprise its very successful FZ Series in the city.
The company is selling around 18,000 units per month of the FZ series making it the second largest selling brand in the deluxe segment. With the launch of these two variants, it expects to increase the sales around 24,000 units per month, a company release said.
Forty per cent of its total sales comes from FZ alone. The new FZ version 2.0 is priced at Rs 77,656, the FZ-S version 2.0 would be retailed at Rs 79,692 and will be available across all Yamaha authorised dealers in the city.
With the launch of these new models targeted at young men between the ages of 18-30, the company hopes to see a steep growth in the customer base, especially keeping in mind the mileage conscious target audience, Roy Kurian , Vice President, Yamaha Motor India Sales Pvt. Ltd, the release said.
He said Coimbatore is an important market for the company, especially for Yamaha's 150cc segment and claimed that they currently command around 22 per cent market share in the deluxe segment in this city.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India to build 440 light utility choppers fo...You are here: Home > Collections
India to build 440 light utility choppers for armed forces
PTI Sep 4, 2014, 09.29PM IST
Tags:
Air Force
(HAL has already started…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian armed forces have projected a combined requirement of 440 light utility helicopters which will now be manufactured indigenously involving the state-owned HAL and private sector firms in partnership with foreign players.
The IAF, Army and the Navy require 440 choppers and these would be now manufactured within India including the HAL, private sector firms and foreign players, Defence Ministry officials said here.
The armed forces had projected their requirements to the Defence Ministry before the government scrapped a Rs 6,000 crore tender to procure 197 such helicopters for the Army and the Air Force , they said.
The Hindustan Aeronautics Limited has already started a project in Tumkur, Karnataka for building light helicopters, which will have capability to lift 2.5 tonnes payload.
Last Friday, the Defence Acquisition Council headed by Defence Minister Arun Jaitley had scrapped the scam-tainted tender for procuring the choppers to replace the vintage fleet of Cheetah and Chetak choppers used to move troops and equipment to high-altitude locations like Siachen.
The DAC decided to retract from the tender for procuring these choppers and the Indian industry would be given the opportunity to produce around 400 such choppers for the requirements of the armed forces.
In line with NDA government's plan to develop the indigenous industry, the government decision is expected to generate business worth over Rs 40,0000 crore for the local industry in the defence sector, they said.
This is the second time in seven years that the tender has been scrapped in which European Eurocopter and Russian Kamov were competing and it had been on hold for the past over two years due to an ongoing CBI probe and other allegations of wrongdoings in the trial process.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mallya defaulter crisis not to impact MCFL-A...Bank of India
(Reserve Bank of India's…)
KOLKATA: The wilful defaulter crisis haunting liquor baron Vijay Mallya may not impact the existing joint- control pact with Saroj Poddar-controlled Adventz Group for Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd.
"The situation remains unchanged as (status of) wilful defaulter is irrelevant as far as my agreement with Mr Mallya over Mangalore Chemicals is concerned....we continue to remain interested and that position remain unchanged," Poddar told reporters on the sidelines of the AGM of his group company Texmaco Rail.
But, if Mallya fails to clear the defaulter tag, he will have to look for people outside the UB group to get nominated in the board to continue to retain the management control of MCFL along with his ally Saroj Poddar.
Mallya along with directors of Kingfisher Airlines , Subhas Gupte, Anil Kumar Ganguly, Ayani Kurassi and Ravindranath Nedungadi, have been named as wilful defaulters by United Bank of India after the grounded airlines failed to pay up loans.
Poddar in May teamed up with Mallya to up the bid price for a 26 per cent stake in MCFL to thwart a move by Deepak Fertilisers and Chemicals, which has been trying to acquire a controlling stake in the company.
As per the agreement Mallya was supposed to continue as the chairman of MCFL.
"The only different that will happen is Mallya remaining chairman and the board positions. Beyond that I think there would be any change," Poddar said.
However, he said, "But the agreement obviously has to be modified as when we did the pact we never forsee this scenario."
"Even if Mr Mallya is not there he still has the right to appoint three directors and that doesn't change. So, three directors can come in as long as they are not UB employees as his employees like Subhas Gupte and Ravin (Nedungadi) have been named. There is also no family member (in the boards) as of now," Poddar said.
Reserve Bank of India's regulation states that wilfully defaulting directors should be removed from the board of the companies and that they shouldn't be inducted in the board of any company in future.
Poddar said Mallya had told him there had not been any wilful default.
"After this UBI development, we haven't met or discussed the (Mangalore Chemicals) issue......While he didn't mention anything about Mangalore Chemicals or about our pact, the fact that he kept me informed is the confirmation that he is very much on (the agreement)."
Poddar, owns 16.43 per cent through Zuari Agro Chemicals, along with Mallya, who has a promoter stake of 22.91 per cent followed it up with a counter offer at Rs 68.55 per share.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Young gay man disowned by family in viral video receives nearly $100 000 from supportersBy Abby Ohlheiser September 4 Follow @abbyohlheiser
(Gofundme)
A harrowing five-minute video of Daniel Ashley Pierce’s family berating him over his homosexuality has earned the 20-year-old sympathy and support from around the globe. A lot of support: A Gofundme account collecting donations to support Pierce after he was kicked out of his family’s Georgia home brought in nearly $100,000 .
Earlier this week, Pierce posted an update to the crowdfunding page asking supporters and friends to direct future donations to the Atlanta-based charity that’s helping him rebuild his life.
That charity, Lost-N-Found, provides support to homeless LGBT youths in the area and helps them find housing. “It’s important for all of you to know that right now, what I need most is time to think and work through the next steps in my life,” Pierce wrote. “Right now, I’m safe and definitely feel your love all around me. Thank you!”
Pierce’s video, which is titled “How not to react when your child tells you that he’s gay,” now has nearly 6 million views on YouTube. It is, he has said, a secret recording of his family’s “delayed intervention” months after he came out as being gay. The camera captures the audio of the confrontation between Pierce and his family, but not the visuals.
In an interview with the Huffington Post , Pierce said that his father, stepmother and grandparents were in the room.
A woman who is apparently Pierce’s grandmother says that she has “known you were gay since you were a tiny boy,” and then continues to condemn the “choice” he has made to be gay.
Pierce responds: “I have not made a choice.”
She disagrees: “You can deny it all you want to, but I believe in the word of God, and God creates nobody that way.”
The discussion and the confrontation rapidly escalate.
Pierce’s grandmother is heard telling him he needs to move out of the house, “because I will not let people believe that I condone what you do.”
Another woman, apparently Pierce’s stepmother, angrily tells Pierce: “You know you wasn’t born that way. You know damn good and well you made that choice. You know that [your father] has done everything he can to raise you. … He didn’t need to blame himself.”
After a short argument between Pierce and his stepmother over the content of a Facebook post about his father, people are heard yelling expletives and anti-gay slurs as Pierce tells his relatives not to hit him.
“You’re a disgrace,” a man who appears to be Pierce’s father tells him shortly before the end of the video.
“I’m not a disgrace,” Pierce replies.
Pierce told the Huffington Post in an e-mail that he recorded the exchange because, he said: “I wanted to make sure there was evidence in case something happened.”
His relatives, he told Huffington Post, have since instructed him — via voicemail — to remove the video from YouTube. He has not complied.
On Facebook, Pierce identifies himself as a business administration major at Georgia Highlands College, according to the Atlanta Constitution-Journal .
In his initial appeal for funding, Pierce wrote that he “was basically beaten and thrown from my home of 19 years,” adding: “They took everything including my college text books. I intend to use this money to get the basic things I need such as a bed, text books, medical stuff and transportation.”
The full video is below. Warning: The video contains graphic language and may be disturbing.
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409848300/1409848300000/1409848300 tracking: {authors=Abby Ohlheiser, blog_name=the-intersect, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=young-gay-man-disowned-by-family-in-viral-video-receives-nearly-100000-from-supporters, post_id=2761, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 4:31:40 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 4:31:40 PM

Walmart: Govt discloses file notings on Mudg...activist
(The case came before the CIC on…)
NEW DELHI: The government has disclosed confidential file notings related to setting up of Justice Mukul Mudgal panel that probed alleged lobbying activities by retail major Walmart in India.
The Ministry of Corporate Affairs, which had set up the one-man committee during the previous UPA regime, released the file notings following a direction from the Central Information Commission (CIC).
Earlier, CIC had directed the Centre to disclose the notings as well as make public the committee's report along with the steps taken by the Centre to prevent possible lobbying in the country by foreign companies.
The one-member committee headed by Mudgal, former chief justice of Punjab and Haryana High Court, had probed whether Walmart undertook activities in India in contravention of any Indian law and any other matter relevant or incidental to the case.
The case came before the CIC on a plea by activist Subhash Agrawal , who had sought the information from the Ministry, which had refused to provide it.
"Information needs to be provided under Section 8(2) of RTI Act which mentions providing of information if public interest overweighs the harm protected."
FEATURED ARTICLES

ICANN and Internet governance  contdBy David Post September 4
Some comments and emails I’ve received make me think that I wasn’t terribly clear in my posting earlier this week about the Women on Web abortion services website, ICANN, and the whole “Internet governance” brouhaha.  [Speaking of which, Larry Downes has an interesting piece here  on "why Internet governance should be left to the engineers," focusing on the ongoing "Internet Governance Forum" meetings taking place in Turkey, in particular reference to the knotty problem of "network neutrality."]  The great classicist Mary Beard was quoted as saying that when she writes something that many people misunderstand, she assumes that it is her writing, not her readers, at fault . . . a good attitude to cultivate, I think.
My point was not (as a surprising number of people seemed to think) that I wanted to see ICANN get into the law-making and law-enforcing business.  Far from it – the prospect is a terrible one, for many reasons, not least of which is that ICANN has not been constituted to represent the interests of the people (the vast majority of domain name registrants worldwide) it would thereby be regulating, and ICANN’s processes bear no relationship to anything one might regard as “due process.” There’s nothing inherently wrong with that – as long as ICANN sticks to the technical mission of domain name system management that it was constituted to address.  My point, however, was that there is a vacuum in the world of international legal enforcement at the moment, and nature (and politics) abhor a vacuum, and in a world in which enforcement of local law across national boundaries is so difficult, ICANN becomes a tempting target for those – primarily, though not exclusively, national governments – who would like to find a more efficient mechanism to enforce local ordinances on the Internet.
Here’s another example of the problem (thanks to Michael Palage for passing it along).  The domain name registrar EasyDNS, after learning that it had been sued as a result of a death allegedly due to the sale of a “controlled substance” from a website registered with EasyDNS, announced that it has changed its policy “after conversations with ICANN and the US Food and Drug Administration” regarding websites offering pharmaceutical products; henceforth, the EasyDNS Terms and Conditions now make clear, “any website/domain shipping drugs over the Internet must be able to produce a valid pharmacy license on demand for any country they are shipping to or face summary suspension/termination of services.”
I have no particular beef with a private company (like EasyDNS) taking a stand on this issue.  The issue becomes much more complicated, and much more troubling, if ICANN were to require all domain registrars to take similar steps – a step it has the power to take, and may be contemplating taking as part of its authorization of the new .PHARMACY top-level domain.  Do we want ICANN and the domain name registrars to be deciding what constitutes a lawful or an unlawful pharmacy operation?  What gives it – other than its position as a monopoly provider of doman name system services across the Internet – any legitimacy to make this kind of determination?  And what about Women on Web, where I began – since their whole reason for being is to break through oppressive local regulation of their services and profits, wouldn’t such a policy put them out of business?  And is that really the result we want?
David Post taught intellectual property and Internet law at Georgetown Law Center and Temple University Law School until his recent retirement. He is the author of "In Search of Jeffersons Moose: Notes on the State of Cyberspace" (Oxford, 2009), a Fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology, and an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409852861/1409852861000/1409852861 tracking: {authors=David Post, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=icann-and-internet-governance-contd, post_id=13027, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 5:47:41 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 5:47:41 PM

CII to give push to construction of green bu...You are here: Home > Collections > Cii
CII unit to give big push to construction of green buildings
PTI Sep 4, 2014, 11.22PM IST
Tags:
CII
(IGBC Chairman Prem C Jain…)
HYDERABAD: The Indian Green Building Council (IGBC) has set a target of constructing 10 billion sq ft of environment-friendly space in India by 2022 and will give a major push to housing for low-income group people.
IGBC Chairman Prem C Jain said currently the country houses 2.2 billion sq ft green building space and the target is to take it to 10 billion.
A major chunk of the target will be achieved through creating green residential spaces for the economically weaker section and low-income group people, he said.
"Currently, the residential space alone occupies 50 per cent of the total green buildings portfolio in India. I see a great potential in the housing segment for economically weaker and lower income groups as according to estimates around 15 million additional homes are required for this sector alone," Jain said.
He was speaking at the inaugural session of the Green Building Congress 2014 here.
The cost of constructing green buildings has come down during the past few years, he said.
GBIC, which is part of the Confederation of Indian Industry ( CII ), would soon start making school buildings green, Jain said.
He requested the corporates to adopt five schools each and convert them into green ones. "These schools will be mostly Government run or the ones in rural areas. It will take an investment of around Rs 5 lakh to Rs 15 lakh per school."
Mangu Singh , Managing Director of Delhi Metro Rail Corp Ltd, said by shifting the commuting from road transport to metro, there is a potential to eliminate 11 grams of GHG (greenhouse gas) emission per passenger, per kilometre.
Telangana IT and Panchayati Raj Minister K T Rama Rao said the state government has initiated a retro-fitting programme to make IT parks green.
The government is also planning to float tender for setting up 1,000 MW of solar power plant in Telangana, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cars Will Be Safer  but Still Need DriversAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Court Rules for Yelp in Suit Over Online RatingsAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Heavy provisioning bloats United Spirits net loss to Rs 4 489 crHeavy provisioning bloats United Spirits net loss to Rs 4 489 cr
Modis election  repression of Rohingyas: Has Asia become a fertile ground for al Qaedaprint
Al Qaeda has announced the creation of a South Asian branch, dubbed al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent (AQIS). The question is why now?
Al Qaeda has threatened India before. “Such statements have been coming regularly since Osama Bin Laden’s 1996 call to jihad,” says Ajai Sahni of the South Asian Terrorism Portal, “when he named India and, specifically Jammu and Kashmir and Assam.” He notes that after the 2002 communal riots in Gujarat this was added to various al Qaeda statements as well.
In the past, what has been noticeable is how unsuccessful al Qaeda has been in operating in India.
US President George W Bush was known to hold up Indian mslims in private conversation because of their refusal to heed Bin Laden’s deadly siren call. However, a Qaeda had other reasons to avoid India.
One, after a spectacular attack like 9/11, attacking a soft target like India was not seen as an image-enhancing exercise. Two, there was evidence that Pakistan resisted Al Qaeda efforts to operate in India, preferring to let that be the domain of its chosen terrorist groups.
Zawahiri’s announcement is seen as a consequence of a number of varied developments.
Read: Asim Umar, man who will head South Asia branch of al Qaeda
One, Indian muslim have become more radicalised in the past few decades and this may have encouraged Zawahiri to woo South Asians. “What Bush said was true in the 1990s,” said an ex-intelligence bureau official. Events in India like the 2002 riots and developments in West Asia, like the invasion of Iraq, have pushed a small number into adopting militant pan-Islamicism. 
Small groups have been going to Pakistan and Afghanistan the past few years. Indian intelligence knows of nearly 20 Indian muslims who joined or tried to join the ranks of the Islamic State, despite its virulent hatred of Shias. “As many as 80 to 90 Indian muslims may have joined al Qaeda, IS and similar groups,” he said. This would have almost certainly been noticed by Zawahiri.
Read: 23 Manipur-based youth have left home to join al Qaeda ranks
Two, Zawahiri desperately needs to revive al Qaeda which is being eclipsed by the Islamic State and other militant groups.
Al Qaeda has barely been operational for the past few years, battered by the death of Bin Laden and US drone attacks that have wiped out many of its senior commanders.
Zawahiri has been critical of the Islamic State’s anti-Shia stance – it is one of the reasons that the Islamic State ended its allegiance to al Qaeda. Worse, many of the al Qaeda affiliations in Afghanistan, the Arab world and West Africa have switched their loyalties from Zawahiri to the Islamic State.
As his star is declining in the Arab world, Zawahiri may have sought to compensate in South Asia. Muslim unease over Narendra Modi’s election, the repression of the Rohingyas in Myanmar and any number of events in Pakistan may have seemed like fertile ground for recruitment and activity.
Three, AQIS may represent a logical culmination of another trend: the growing interest of the Tehreek e Taliban in global jihad.
Zawahiri says that putting together AQIS “has taken over two years”, a date before the rise of the Islamic State.
Read: Ayman al-Zawahri - A doctor who joined hands with bin Laden
Strikingly he has appointed Maulana Asim Umar as its head is telling. Umar is a former commander of the Tehreek e Taliban Pakistan and called for Indian muslims to join the global jihad in a video in 2013 titled “Why is there no storm in your ocean?”
Umar boasts about how Tehreek fighters are fighting in Syria and Iraq. Western intelligence has confirmed that Tehreek has an active base in Syria.
“Al Qaeda has been trying to attract elements from various groups – Jaish e Mohammad, Lashkar and so on – into direct alliances,” says Sahni.
To do so, however, Zawahiri would have to focus more on India and the subcontinent.
Sahni is confident that al Qaeda at present does not have a functional network in India at present.
“This threat however should not be taken lightly,” says Rana Banerjee, former number two of the Research and Analysis Wing.

PM plays drums in Japan  people at home suffer: RahulIn a direct attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Rahul Gandhi on Thursday said he was "playing drums" in Japan while people suffered from power crisis and soaring vegetable prices.
File photo: Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi at Parliament in New Delhi. (PTI photo)
The Congress vice-president said Modi came to power by making big promises and but his government is yet to even begin working on them despite completing 100 days in office.
Read: BJP hits back at Rahul Gandhi for attacking Modi
"They had made big promises but where is the result? They might have forgotten so let me remind them. They said they will change the country, bring down prices, reduce corruption.
100 days are over. "At least begin working now. People say they have not even started working. The PM is playing drum in Japan while there is no electricity here and prices are rising," he told reporters.
During his recent visit to Japan, Modi had tried his hand at playing drum while taking part in a function.
On a two-day visit to his Lok Sabha constituency Amethi, Rahul admitted to differences in opinion in Congress over issues and said there has always been "this type of tension" in the party. The party will deal with the issue, he said.
A group of young Congress leaders, including 15 AICC secretaries, recently decided to write to senior leaders against what they claimed was attempt to damage the party's image by making controversial statements outside party fora.
It is being seen as a rallying of support for Gandhi within the party after comments of several party leaders were seen as a disapproval of his leadership style.
"Congress party is an old organisation... There are multiple voices and all those voices will bring solution to the party," he said.
Rahul earlier faced some grilling by his electorate over power crisis in the area and said he has written a letter to the Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav in this regard.
He arrived this morning and visited the villages which had fetched him large numbers of votes in the recent Lok Sabha elections.

SC rejects CBI chiefs plea to restrainmediaPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:48 am
The Supreme Court on Thursday rejected CBI Director Ranjit Sinha’s plea to restrain the media from reporting on the contents of the visitors’ logbook at his residence, which showed frequent visits by some of the accused in the 2G and coal block cases among others.
“We have no control over the press. We only have control over proceedings in the court. Everybody is expected to know what they should do and what they should not,” said a bench led by Justice H L Dattu. Dubbing all the accusations as “patently false”, Sinha’s counsel Vikas Singh made a forceful pitch for issuing a court order to restrain the media and prevent “irreparable damage to his reputation”. He said these meetings were “a matter of his privacy” since they happened at Sinha’s residence.
Demanding a disclosure on who leaked the contents of the visitors’ logbook at Sinha’s residence, he said this was an “invasion of his right to privacy, which was a fundamental right”.
The bench told Singh that while it agreed that the issue involved a person’s reputation, it also acknowledged freedom of the press and would, therefore, not pass any order, while expecting the media to act responsibly. Stating that it cannot take cognizance of his notes, the bench asked advocate Prashant Bhushan, counsel for NGO CPIL, a petitioner in the 2G case, to file an affidavit and place everything on record as per the court rules. The logbook, the bench said, will be placed separately and will not be given to any party.
“We have gone through the documents. It is desirable to have all this on an affidavit. If we have to pass any order, will we be doing it on some written notes and oral submissions? No, we will not pass any order until everything becomes a part of the record,” said the bench, as Bhushan agreed to file a supplementary affidavit.
The court then agreed to grant an urgent hearing on Monday and decided to assemble at 10 am, half-an-hour before regular court hours.
Sinha’s counsel asked how the contents of the logbook were leaked despite the court’s order that it should be placed before it in a sealed envelope. “What is the sanctity of these proceedings now when everybody has got the entry book? The source of leak is more than evident. Such an application is not maintainable at all. It is against the SC rules and judgement,” Singh contended.
When the bench pointed out that Bhushan also knows the law, Singh retorted, “Mr Bhushan and (Arvind) Kejriwal think they are above the law. The law that applies on everyone else does not apply to them.” Singh also said it was not proper on the part of the court to allow urgent hearing only because some “baseless” allegations and “twists and turns” had come up.
Displeased, the bench told Singh that it was exclusively in the court’s domain to determine the urgency of the matter and asked him not to raise the pitch and scope of his arguments. On Singh’s plea that Bhushan should continued…

Will keep door open  lets see what govt can do: CBIchiefPrint
Written by Ritu Sarin | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:47 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 1:48 am
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha told The Indian Express on Thursday that he would now throw open the door of his residence. “I am going to keep my gate open and have already given instructions… let us see what the government can do,’’ he said.
Asked if such a move would be opposed in view of his “Z category” security, Sinha said his visitors could be frisked by the police but he would not tell them to stop visiting him. “There are already those who have stopped dropping in and all this has affected my social standing… if some public servant wants to come, or an MP wants to visit me, should I turn them away?’’ he said.
Claiming that his interactions with a wide section of people had helped the CBI register several corruption cases, he said, “If you check with the CBI’s special unit, you will find out how many leads have been given to them at my level. You have to often catch a thief through a thief, and that is why I am going to open my doors to anyone who has information.”
Asked why certain people were frequent visitors, Sinha said, “Why should I tell the media who has come to my house and why? If I have not given any undue favours to anyone, how do these things matter?”

Body was removed before police couldreachPrint
Express News Service | Aizawl | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:43 am
Rifleman Ajit Rai’s body was removed from the Assam Rifles camp in Mizoram’s Mimbung village, where he died of gunshot wounds, and taken by officials from a nearby camp to Aizawl, about 200 km away, for autopsy allegedly before police could reach, The Indian Express has learned.
Rai died of gunshot wounds around 1.30 pm on August 18. Sources said the police were informed about the “suicide” only around 4 pm. Even before the police could send a team to investigate, they were informed again that the body was being taken to Aizawl for autopsy and would be flown to his hometown in UP the next day as “tickets had already been booked”.
Sources said a doctor at the health facility in Ngopa, the nearest town from Mimbung, had been informed to be ready to receive the body and perform the post-mortem but it never arrived.
The 26-year-old Rifleman’s elder brother Atul, who is also with Assam Rifles, has gone public with allegations that his brother was shot by senior officers after an altercation.
The 39th Assam Rifles has maintained that the death was a suicide. But, the police are looking at it as a murder case. They have asked for sanction to question all personnel at the Mimbung camp, sources said.
Defence Ministry officials in Delhi said it was an “open-and-shut” case. “The Court of Inquiry has established that he had come back after a divorce and shot himself. The allegations by the family may be viewed in the backdrop that suicide cases in Army stand to lose all post-retirement benefits,” said an official.
(With inputs from Delhi)

Modi plays drums in Japan while people in India suffer:RahulRahul interacts with villagers in Amethi, Thursday. (Source: Express photo by PTI)
Written by Maulshree Seth | Amethi | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:41 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 4:27 am
Cornered by locals in his constituency Amethi over the prevailing power crisis, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi Thursday opened a direct attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi saying he was “playing drum” in Japan while people are suffering in India.
“Prime Minister Japan mein dholak baja rahe hain (PM is playing drums in Japan). People here do not have electricity, roads and water…Prices are rising here (in India),” Rahul said in Gauriganj area of Amethi.
During his recent visit to Japan, Modi had tried his hand at playing drums while taking part in a function.
Rahul said the Modi government was yet to deliver on the “big promises” it made despite completing 100 days in office. “If I recall correctly, there were big promises and long speeches about controlling price rise, solving electricity crisis, solving the drinking water problem. While prices of vegetables have gone up, people are not getting electricity,” Rahul said.
He said more than three months have elapsed since the Modi government took charge and “they should at least start working on their promises. But, they are not even starting in that direction”.
Earlier in the day, locals stopped Rahul in Mohanganj area of his constituency and complained about the prevailing power crisis. “People make fun of us. They say, you live in Rahul Gandhi’s constituency and still you get hardly two to three hours of electricity,” a local told the Congress vice-president.
To this, Rahul said he had already written to Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav, but didn’t blame the state government for the power crisis. Instead, he said the problem was prevailing across the country and blamed it on the BJP-led NDA government at the Centre. “So many promises were made, now where is the result”? he asked.
Rahul, who arrived here in the morning on a two-day visit, also interacted with an all-woman Self Help Group at Mohaiya Kesariya village. He also offered prayers at a Mazar in Islamganj and held closed-door meeting with the party workers at Munshiganj guesthouse in the evening.

Cong Young Turks want party gag onseniorsPrint
Written by Manoj C G | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:38 am
The churning in the Congress Thursday took a decisive turn after several All India Congress Committee secretaries, handpicked by Rahul Gandhi and upset over the frequent attacks on him from within the party, officially asked it to direct “senior” leaders to “refrain from going public” with “negative comments” on the leadership.
The letter to the party, signed by 14 young secretaries, did not name anyone, but clearly indicated who they were aiming at, saying that the leaders “who are expressing their views in public in recent times” were the “very leaders… who themselves have always been part and parcel of the highest decision making body of the party.”
Around the same time the Congress vice-president in Amethi admitted there was “tension” in the party. Four AICC secretaries — Shakeel Ahmed Khan, Harish Choudhary, Naseeb Singh and Prakash Joshi — walked into senior general secretary Janardan Dwivedi’s chamber in the party headquarters with the letter, a copy of which is with The Indian Express.
Dwivedi is general secretary in-charge of the organisation.
In the letter, the secretaries said they were “observing and feeling very strongly” that of late there had been statements from “different rungs of senior Congressmen which are not in the interest of the party”.
“If there is any concern, it should be expressed in a very dignified manner and at an appropriate place within the party forum. It should be done as and when felt necessary, this is also the democratic way of working, but surely not in the way it has been done by some of our respected senior Congressmen,” the letter stated.
“We should try and do some introspection and try to work tirelessly towards improving or in fact reversing the recent political scenario. Our aim should be to make the party stronger. At this juncture, we feel our attack should be directed at our opponents who are actually working against the interest of the common masses,” it said.
The secretaries said, “Hence we recommend very strongly that we should consciously refrain from going to the public with any negative comments with regards to the party,” and urged Dwivedi to “circulate our sentiments to all senior leaders of the party.”
The unprecedented move by the secretaries to take on the seniors capped weeks of deliberations and discussions among them. While the young leaders said Rahul was apprised of their move, some of the senior leaders suggested it was being done at the behest of those close to him.
The letter was signed by 14 secretaries — Paresh Dhanani, Shakeel Ahmed Khan, A Chella Kumar, Bhupen Kumar Borah, Girish Chodankar, Harish Choudhary, Kuljit Singh Nagra, Naseeb Singh, Prakash Joshi, Rana Goswami, Sanjay Kapoor, Subhankar Sarkar, Suraj Hegde and Zubair Khan.
Hours after the letter was handed over, senior general secretary Digvijaya Singh — who had recently said that Rahul should make himself more visible — came out in support of the secretaries.
“Thank God younger generation of Congress (is) now demanding generational change which I have been suggesting since Burari AICC in 2009 December. I support the demand continued…

Shiv Babu 175 times  Mithilesh 225: CBI chiefs odd guestlistPrint
Despite repeated attempts The Indian Express could not get through to anyone at the registered address of the company.
Written by Appu Esthose Suresh | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:37 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 8:41 am
Not just well known politicians and representatives of corporate houses under probe by CBI, owners of several lesser known entities too had easy and frequent access to agency director Ranjit Sinha’s residence, a scrutiny of visitors logbooks shows.
They seem to have moved freely in and out of Sinha’s 2, Janpath home — some visiting him more than 100 times in a year and several times in a day, and some who seem to have been always accompanied by a “plus 1”.
The Indian Express on Thursday reported that besides Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG) officials, several other corporate representatives visited Sinha frequently. Among them were Sunil Bajaj of Essar Group and Anil Bhalla of Abhey Oswal Group, both of whom seem to have come to the house on at least 40 occasions each in the 15 months between May 2013 and August 2014.
Essar is under CBI probe for its alleged role in the 2G spectrum scam . Bhalla is a close associate of company promoter Abhey Kumar Oswal.
Bajaj did not respond to phone calls and text messages from The Indian Express. Bhalla’s phone was not reachable all through Thursday evening.
But several not-so-recognisable names stand out in the registers. One Shiv Pal visited Sinha’s residence on 120 occasions in this period. On 25 of these occasions he has been logged as “Shiv Pal + 1”. When contacted, Pal told The Indian Express, “I know him (the CBI director) for the past 30 years. His family is very close to me. We both are from Bihar, so sometimes, when some bureaucrats or politicians visited Delhi, we used to go together.” Pal said he owned petrol pumps in Delhi.
A more frequent visitor than Shiv Pal was one Shiv Babu, who made 175 visits in the period under scrutiny. Shiv Babu’s identity could not be independently verified, but among the several cars he seemed to have travelled in, the one he used the most frequently — DL 3CBL 3143 — is registered in the name of Valley Iron & Steel Co Ltd.
Despite repeated attempts The Indian Express could not get through to anyone at the registered address of the company.
One Mithilesh visited Sinha 225 times, and was often accompanied by a “plus 1”. When asked who Mithilesh was, Sinha described him as “a retired chief engineer and a friend”. Mithilesh himself did not respond to phone calls.
There are indications that several visitors knew each other well. According to the logbook, on January 30, 2014, Shiv Babu and Mithilesh entered Sinha’s residence at 1.12 pm and 1.40 pm respectively, and were followed, at 1.45 pm, by two others, Vinay Saigal and Sandeep Saigal. All four continued…

Wall Street ends lower after late-day reversalWall Street ends lower as Apple falls, bond yields rise
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
NASDAQ NYSE Euronext, Inc. Financial Markets The Home Depot
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday as Apple  shares declined and as bond yields hit their highest in a month on concerns the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates sooner than some investors had expected.
All 10 S&P 500 sectors ended lower. Apple shares, which jumped as much as 4.8 percent earlier in the session after the company unveiled a smartwatch, ended down 0.4 percent at $97.99. Apple also announced two larger iPhones.
Benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note yields rose to 2.5 percent.
Apart from geopolitical concerns, investors are becoming increasingly worried about the global economy, and especially Europe, weakening again. ( Gail MarksJarvis )
Sectors with high-dividend paying stocks including utilities were among the day's weakest. The utilities sector <.SPLRCU> and telecommunications <.SPLRCL> each fell 1.2 percent.
Improving U.S. economic conditions may force the Federal Reserve "to tighten sooner rather than later," said Doug Cote, chief market strategist with Voya Investment Management in New York.
"Rising rates are an immediate discount for financial assets, including equities," he said.
8
Shares of Home Depot  fell 2.1 percent, a day after the company confirmed its payment security system had been breached.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> declined 97.55 points or 0.57 percent, to 17,013.87, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 13.1 points or 0.65 percent, to 1,988.44 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 40.00 points or 0.87 percent, to 4,552.29.
About 5.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 5.5 billion average for the last five days, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
The Fed supposedly owns 1/4 of ALL stocks. Anybody who still thinks investing in the stock market, and the dollar is getting stronger, is an idiot.
Jackie Puppet
90
In the options market, Apple options volume rose to a record daily volume of 2.97 million contracts traded, according to Henry Schwartz, president of options analytics firm Trade Alert. Contract volume was about three times normal and calls led puts by a ratio of 2.1:1, according to Trade Alert data.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Pulse Electronics , which was rising 53.47 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was Usec , down 18.05 percent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Brazil's Petrobras , down 2.83 percent to $17.83 and Pfizer , down 0.58 percent at $29.23.
Besides Apple, Yahoo , down 2.5 percent at $40.78, and Microsoft , up 0.6 percent to $46.76 were among the most actively traded on Nasdaq.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,338 to 698, for a 3.35-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,046 issues were falling and 637 advancing for a 3.21-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The broad S&P 500 index was posting 17 new 52-week highs and five new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 56 new highs and 58 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; Editing by Nick Zieminski, Chris Reese and Meredith Mazzilli)

Narayana Murthy regains top spot in most powerful CEOs listNarayana Murthy regains top spot in most powerful CEOs list
Mallya stands his ground to contest wilful defaulter tagMallya stands his ground to contest wilful defaulter tag
Google Settles FTC Complaint Over Mobile App Purchases by Children -- 2nd UpdateGoogle Settles FTC Complaint Over Mobile App Purchases by Children -- 2nd Update
CCI says Sun-Ranbaxy deal may hit competition; seeks commentsCCI says Sun-Ranbaxy deal may hit competition; seeks comments
New York is the nations best city for bicyclists! Fuhgeddaboudit!By Lenny Bernstein September 3 Follow @LennyMBernstein
A bicyclist rides on a sheltered bike lane on 9th Avenue at 21st Street in New York City in May 2008. (Helayne Seidman for The Washington Post)
No one who bicycles would immediately pick New York City over, say Boulder, Colo., as a two-wheeled heaven — at least not without extensive preparations to defend that argument.
But that's exactly what Bicycling Magazine did Wednesday, reasoning in its October issue that the vast improvements for cyclists in the nation's largest city trump the wide bike lanes of San Diego or the views from high in the Rockies.
"Traditionally, it is always one of the presumed cycling paradises, like Portland, Oregon," Bill Strickland, the magazine's editor in chief, said of the biennial survey. "This year, the more we thought about it ... [we realized] that bikes are kind of an indicator of the vibrancy of the economy and the safety of the streets," as well as a city's overall livability.
"We just thought," he added, "that New York is at the leading edge of how urban areas are going to start making urban life better"  — in part, through cycling.
The program, spearheaded by former mayor Michael Bloomberg, has resulted in 350 miles of new bike lanes in recent years, many of them separated from traffic by concrete barriers. The city's bike share program has 96,000 subscribers, making it, not surprisingly, the nation's largest. "This bike share thing just seems to be such an influential part of getting more people on bikes. And New York has just done such a phenomenal job," Strickland said.
Strickland noted that the magazine's decision takes in the impact bikes are having on all five of New York's boroughs, not just Manhattan. Bicycling in New York is a portrait of diversity, from road racers to commuters to food delivery people, with venues as different as the bike path over the Brooklyn Bridge to a velodrome in Queens. The city hosts the oldest group ride in the U.S., the Gimbel's ride .
Rounding out Bicycling's top five: another urban bicycling center, Chicago, which won praise for a new plan to build 100 miles of new buffered and barricaded bike lanes; Minneapolis, which has one of the biggest bike share programs in the country, per resident; Portland, where a proposed apartment project will have 1,200 parking spaces for bikes; and Washington, D.C., with a regional trail system that encompasses almost 70 miles in total.
So where is the worst place to ride? Well, it's right near New York — Suffolk County, Long Island. Again, the magazine's thinking was counter-intuitive, Strickland said: While people may think of flat, wide-open suburbs as conducive to cycling, the roads are really not built for cyclists.
"Really, right now, the worst city is in the suburbs," Strickland said. "We picked Suffolk to be emblematic of that."
"Suburban streets were made to move people out of their homes to stores, or out to work," not for bicycles, he said.
The magazine found that Suffolk County is always one of the most dangerous places in the United States to ride a bicycle. In 2008, the county was the site of 23.8 percent of  all fatalities to cyclists in New York state, despite having less than 8 percent of the state's population.
Read more:

Soros Signals Argentina s Shale Is Biggest Place To Bereddit
One of the world's legendary investors is upping his bet on Argentina's shale oil and gas industry in a show of confidence for shale production in South America's largest unconventional prize -- and a big boost for both supermajors and smaller players making big waves in the heart of new discovery areas.
George Soros has doubled his stake in YPF SA, the state-owned oil company in Argentina, which sits atop some of the world's largest shale oil and gas resources, and is about to get even larger following a new discovery over the last couple of weeks of a second key shale play.
Argentina holds an estimated 27 billion barrels of technically recoverable oil and 802 trillion cubic feet of technically recoverable shale gas, much of it located in the Vaca Muerta, an enormous shale formation in the Neuquen basin -- the second-largest shale gas deposit and the fourth-largest shale oil deposit in the world.
And on Aug. 14, YPF announced the discovery of oil in another shale formation--Agrio shale--in the same basin.
Some estimates suggest that combined, the two plays' reserves could be worth as much as $3 trillion.
"I am very excited with this [Agrio] discovery that proves that Vaca Muerta and Chubut's D-129 formation aren't the only shale deposits we have to exploit in Argentina," YPF CEO Miguel Galuccio told reporters, according to Bloomberg . "The tests are very promising but still, it is too soon to provide figures."
In the meantime, Soros' confidence helps override some negative incidents that had held back investment in Argentina's shale, including the government's 2012 expropriation of YPF, then owned by Spanish firm Repsol, and the government's failure to make a July 30 bond payment , which has resulted in a standoff with a hedge fund over unpaid bills back to the last default in 2001.
The government of Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, however, has taken steps to repair Argentina's relationship with international markets, and even tweaked tax laws in 2013 to give special benefits to big oil companies willing to invest more than $1 billion in the country.
The move was immediately followed by Chevron's announcement that it would enter into a joint venture with YPF. To incentivize the global energy industry to further invest, additional steps are being taken, including discussions for a new hydrocarbon bill that could further standardize and incentivize the industry for both supermajors and mid-sized companies.
The newest discovery is certainly vindication for Soros' gamble on Argentina. His company, Soros Fund Management LLC, took a strong position in YPF in the second quarter of this year, doubling its position. It now controls 3.5 percent of YPF's American depositary receipts, worth $450.5 million.
Soros' move suggests that his firm is not focusing on the short-term problems facing Argentina, but believes that the geological fundamentals are more important. By increasing his stake in YPF, he is betting that Argentina is sitting on some lucrative plays that could be bigger than the Eagleford or Bakken in the United States.
According to the Financial Times , "Some of the world's largest hedge funds have been snapping up Argentine stocks, betting on an economic recovery in the country even though it defaulted on its debt for the second time in 13 years."
And while the market has caught on to the 'Soros Factor,' it hasn't yet caught on to the smaller companies that are positioned to benefit from the Vaca Muerta shale and the new Agrio find.
The Neuquen basin is also where YPF, in partnership with Chevron , is producing crude from the Vaca Muerta shale and is expecting to have nearly 300 wells drilled in the Loma Campana/Loma La Lata area.
It's great news for Chevron, but it's also great news for smaller players with big footprints on this scene who will benefit from all the supermajor drilling in the emerging Vaca Muerta and the new Agrio shale formations--as well as from the confidence boost provided by Soros.
There are only a few junior companies who have significant land holdings in Argentina's Neuquen Basin, among them, Madalena Energy Inc. (MVN.V), which will benefit from Chevron's plans to drill 300 wells just west of the junior's Coiron Amargo block.
The point is that as the supermajors drill, the smaller companies reap the benefits, positioning themselves for big rewards with big players who are eyeing their large tracts of land in this promising basin.
"Given the size of the resource prize in both Vaca Muerta and Agrio, Argentina is home to one of the biggest unconventional plays in the world," said Kevin Shaw , CEO of Madalena Energy, which controls around 1 million net acres in Argentina and plans to begin shale development in the Agrio formation later this year or in early 2015.
"Some of the largest oil companies around the globe are continuing to actively drill and appraise     Argentina's Vaca Muerta shale and  are now starting to do work in the Agrio shale," Shaw said.
For oil and gas explorers both big and small, Argentina is back--with possibly more shale than the United States, and the industry is more active than ever..
Like Warren Buffet, when George Soros makes a big move, people notice. Their decisions, which sometimes run counter to conventional wisdom, are often seen in hindsight as signals of trends that few investors are noticing.
By James Stafford of Oilprice.com
Follow Oilprice.com on Twitter @OilandEnergy and join us on Facebook.
More:

Congress would not have won even 44 seats had Rahul not been silent: Amit ShahAmit Shah
(Taking a dig at Rahul, Shah…)
MUMBAI: BJP president Amit Shah today exhorted party workers to complete Prime Minister Narendra Modi's unfinished agenda of a "Congress-free India" even as he sought to put to rest speculation about a rift with ally Shiv Sena by accepting an invitation from its chief Uddhav Thackeray for a meeting.
"Today I am here to tell every BJP worker that Narendra Modi has dreamt of an India that is free from the Congress.
"But this will not be possible till the party is uprooted from Maharashtra. You have to make sure they do not even get a chance to have a leader of the opposition in the Assembly, like the way they do not have one in the Lok Sabha," he told party workers on his maiden visit to the city after taking over the reins of the party.
Taking a dig at Rahul Gandhi, Shah said if the Congress vice president had spoken more than what he did during Lok Sabha poll campaign, the party would have failed to get even 44 seats.
"Digvijay Singh said they got less seats because Rahul Gandhi was silent. But if he (Rahul) had spoken more than what he spoke, the Congress would have found it impossible to secure even 44 seats in the Lok Sabha," he said.
During his visit, Shah also sought to put an end to speculation that ties with BJP's oldest ally Shiv Sena were under severe strain over the latter's demand for more seats by accepting an invitation from Uddhav for a meeting at his residence 'Matoshree'.
"Uddhav yesterday invited Shah to his residence 'Matoshree'. The invitation has been accepted and he will pay a courtesy visit to Uddhav at 9.30 PM today," Leader of Opposition in the Legislative Council Vinod Tawde said.
There were reports that Shah may not meet Uddhav and limit himself to BJP's programmes during his stay in Mumbai.
Shah also paid homage to Shiv Sena founder Bal Thackeray at his 'Samadhi' at Shivaji Park.
Launching a scathing attack on the Congress-NCP government in Maharashtra, Shah said it has brought "shame" to the state.
"For the last 15 years Maharashtra is being ruled by a government that is not interested in working for the people. They have shamed the state in front of India. It is now time to take away power from their hands," he said.
"Why has this coalition government frequently changed chief ministers? It is because each of them was immersed in the muck of corruption... There have been so many scams that they can't be counted even in a week," he said.
He also attacked NCP chief Sharad Pawar over the issue of suicide by farmers in the state.
"The Congress decided that the government will not buy agricultural produce from farmers at the support price and they call themselves pro-farmer. I want to ask Sharad Pawar when this anti-farmer decision was being taken which industrialist was he meeting? Why did he not save the farmers," Shah asked.
"Once BJP comes to power, I am sure even God will help Maharashtra. The droughts will end. And I am sure the next government in Maharashtra will be that of 'mahayuti' (a five-party alliance comprising BJP, Sena and three smaller parties)," he said.
Defending NDA government's stand on cancelling foreign secretary-level talks with Pakistan after its Ambassador to India Abdul Basit met Kashmiri separatists, Shah said the Centre does not want peace with Pakistan at the cost of India's security.
"When we wanted to hold talks with Pakistan, they decided to meet separatist leaders from Jammu and Kashmir . If there was any other government at the Centre, it would have gone into a huddle wondering what to do. But we in a moment decided that talks will be cancelled if they meet separatist leaders," he said.
In a boost for BJP, former Congress MP Bhaskar Rao Patil, brother-in-Law of ex-chief minister Ashok Chavan and former Union Minister and senior NCP leader Suryakanta Patil joined the BJP in the presence of Shah.
Earlier in the day, the newly-appointed BJP chief took a detailed assembly constituency-wise review of the poll preparations at a meeting of the state party's core committee.
"He also took details of the candidate selection process and asked the state leadership to expedite seat-sharing talks with ally Shiv Sena," a leader, who did not want to be named, said.
Shah, according to the leader, said a joint campaign with Shiv Sena will be worked out only after the seat-sharing talks are over.
About Modi's availability during the campaign, Shah said the Prime Minister's rallies would be worked out keeping in mind his overseas trips and official engagements.
The issue of BJP's insistence on a larger share of seats was also discussed but party leaders refused to divulge the details.
The Sena had contested 169 seats and BJP 119 in the 2009 assembly polls but considering its growing influence in Maharashtra the latter has been demanding more seats this time. In 2009, Shiv Sena had contested 169 seats and BJP 119, bagging 44 and 46 seats respectively in the 288-member house.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple s smartwatch to have NFC technology: R...Apple
(The company is also expected…)
Apple Inc plans to include near-field communication (NFC), a technology that can be used to make payments wirelessly, in its upcoming smartwatch according to reports and people familiar with the matter.
The company is also expected to add the technology, which is used to transmit data wirelessly over short distances, to the next version of its iPhone, the paper reported.
The smartwatch will be offered in two sizes and will have sensors to track and monitor health, people familiar with the device as per the reports. However, the smartwatch is unlikely to go on sale this year, the people said.
Apple did not immediately respond to calls and emails for comment. NFC will allow users to make payments for goods and services with credit cards stored with Apple's iTunes digital content store, the report said.
Apple has invited media to a "special event" in its hometown of Cupertino, California, on September 9, when the iPhone maker is expected to unveil the latest versions of its best-selling smartphones. Apple's shares were trading up 0.46 per cent at $99.40 in early afternoon trading on the Nasdaq.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US rail chiefs in plea on grain delaysSeptember 4, 2014 6:50 pm
US rail chiefs in plea on grain delays
By Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ac3cd88-3447-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola will take six to nine months to control: WHOmedicine
The Ebola epidemic can be stopped in its tracks, but it will take at least six to nine months and cost more than $600m, according to the director general of the World Health Organization (WHO).
Speaking in Washington, senior WHO leaders, including director general Dr. Margaret Chan, called for a massive global response to the outbreak and suggested it would take longer to control than has yet been assumed. The Ebola outbreak is “the largest, most complex and most severe we’ve ever seen,” said Dr. Chan and spreading at a pace that outstrips effort to control it. Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, Senegal and Sierra Leone have between them reported about 3,500 cases and 1,900 deaths.
The latest spread is to Port Harcourt in Nigeria, where it is likely that the virus will have been transmitted to many people from an infected doctor.
Medecins Sans Frontieres, which says its volunteer doctors on the frontline are overwhelmed, has called on UN member states to send in teams of military and civilian biohazard experts. WHO’s assistant director general for global health security, Keiji Fukuda, just back from west Africa, acknowledged that there are not enough people with the necessary skills and training to deal with all the cases in the affected region.
He said: “We don’t have enough health workers, doctors, nurses, drivers and contact tracers. Most of the infections are happening in the community, and many people are unwilling to identify themselves as ill. And if they do, we don’t have enough ambulances to transport them or beds to treat them yet.” Families are forced to care for patients at home, putting them and their contacts at risk of infection because of the shortage of health workers and facilities, he said. Mobilising international financial support and additional health personnel is a top priority for scaling up the international response, he added.
Airline routes to affected countries also urgently need to be reopened. Closures “have a huge impact,” Fukuda said, impeding the flow of experts and supplies into Africa, and the outbreak itself is having a negative impact on the economies of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. “People need medical supplies, food, fuel, charcoal, and other provisions. We have to get it to them.” Fukuda pointed out that WHO had not recommended any travel restrictions, “except in cases where individuals have been confirmed or are suspected of being infected with Ebola virus disease or where individuals have had contact with cases of Ebola.” Dr. David Nabarro, U.N. coordinator for the Ebola response, said the U.N. system is working together on 12 detailed steps for the global response, which he estimated will cost at least $600m and require “several thousand people to scale up our response by three to four times”.
Urgent needs in the affected countries include communications and messaging, care for the infected and proper burials, diagnosis and contact tracing, health services for other conditions, transport and supplies, cash to pay health workers, medical services for responders, air and sea access, and strong coordination to avert economic downturns, says WHO. — © Guardian Newspapers Limited, 2014

Moscow accuses NATO of  exploiting  Ukraine crisisMoscow accuses NATO of  exploiting  Ukraine crisis
More brand trouble for DLF after HC order on Gurgaon landMore brand trouble for DLF after HC order on Gurgaon land
Cosy Haryana pattern: govt announces land takeover  prices crash  builders walkinTo build residential homes for industrial workers, the Haryana government initiated the process of acquiring land for “public purpose” to develop Sectors 59 and 60. (Source: Reuters photo)
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigarh | Posted: September 5, 2014 2:03 am
Seeking an explanation from Haryana on the release of Gurgaon land which the state initially proposed to acquire for public purposes, the Supreme Court sought details last week of every sale deed between land owners and private builders for 1,400 acres in the district where urban residential and commercial sectors are coming up.
But official records accessed by The Indian Express reveal that this practice is not just limited to Gurgaon.
In Sonipat, Ambala, Rohtak and Kurukshetra districts too, the state government has released over 800 acres “under acquisition” and these have eventually been cornered by builders and real estate developers.
Responding to queries from The Indian Express, the Town and Country Planning Department said: “…it is possible that through implementation of this policy such coloniser/developer also gets benefited to some extent, which is entirely incidental. It is categorically asserted that the intent of the said policy is not to extend benefits to colonisers/developers”.
Yet official records throw up a pattern, one that suggests how it happened:
n  Under Section 4 of the Land Acquisition Act, the Haryana government declares its intention to acquire land for “public purpose”.
n  The announcement sends land prices crashing. The owners, mostly farmers, panic.
n  Developers step in to seal deals and apply for licences to develop residential colonies.
n  Land “under acquisition” is either released or the acquisition is notified under Section 6 of the Act.
This is what happened in Sonipat where 885 acres were to be acquired in the villages of Nangal Kalan, Aterna and Sersa. To build residential homes for industrial workers, the Haryana government initiated the process of acquiring land for “public purpose” to develop Sectors 59 and 60.
On October 5, 2005, a notification under Section 4 was issued. On October 6, 2006, Section 6 was invoked for the second notification. In that one-year period, the market rate crashed since everyone knew the government was set to acquire the land. An acre could no longer fetch Rs 1-2 crore in the area.
This was when private builders and developers moved in. They made outright purchases or entered into collaboration agreements to corner 653 acres of the 885 acres under acquisition.
The developers also moved to seek licences. On December 16, 2005, InTime Promoters Pvt Ltd, which gave its address as 9, Kasturba Gandhi Marg, New Delhi, wrote to the Director, Town and Country Planning, Haryana. Incidentally, InTime Promoters was one of the sister concerns of TDI Infrastructure Limited which eventually developed the entire area for commercial purposes.
Another letter by Kanhaiya Communications Private Limited was written to the Director, Industries, Haryana seeking licence to develop a group housing colony.
In Ambala, 253.3 acres were under the continued…

Late rains narrow overall monsoon deficit to...North and Northwest India receive heavy showers; overall monsoon deficit narrows to 14%
Madhvi Sally, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 05.58AM IST
Tags:
India
(Heavy showers this week…)
NEW DELHI: Heavy showers this week have soaked rain-starved farms across north and northwest India, narrowing the overall monsoon deficit in the country to 14% and accelerating crop growth.
The met department on Thursday forecast heavy rainfall to occur in north and northwest India in the next 24 hours. Thursday's rainfall was 87% above average, and in some rain-starved regions such as Jammu and Kashmir and Rajasthan, it was several times higher than normal, bringing some relief to millions of farmers worried about weak rains in July and August.
Water levels in most reservoirs of South India have increased significantly in the past one week. This is good news particularly for farmers in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana where rain deficit was more than 25%.
However, in Punjab and Haryana where rain deficit is 59% and above, water levels in Bhakra and Pong reservoirs remain static. On Thursday, the Central Water Commission said Himachal Pradesh, Punjab, Rajasthan, Odisha,West Bengal, Tripura, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttarakhand, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu have lesser storage than last year for corresponding period.
The country's major reservoirs were filled to 71% (110.22 billion cubic metres) of the total capacity of 155.05 billion cubic metres, down from 82% last year, but better than the 10-year average of 69%.
The commission monitors 85 important reservoirs of the country on a weekly basis. AB Pandya, chairman of staterun Central Water Commission said there was unlikely to be a 'crisis situation'.
"Situation in Andhra Pradesh reservoir has improved though it remains poor in Punjab and Himachal Pradesh reservoirs. Rains have picked up, but if they become weak the pinch will be felt in rabi planting and hot weather season," he said.
Another official at the commission said water level in Gobind Sagar (Bhakra) is 90% (5.593 bcm) of total capacity of 6.23 bcm, down from 93% last year. "The situation is worse in Pong and Thein reservoirs where they are only filled to 67% of their capacity from over 85% in the previous year," the person said. Central Water Commission officials said reservoirs position in Andhra Pradesh which also cover the newly formed state of Telangana like Srisailam, Nagarjuna Sagar, Sriramsagar and Somasila improved considerably.
Jharkhand and Uttar Pradesh, too, had better water levels than at this time last year. In Punjab and Haryana, seasonal rain deficit was the highest for the country at 59% and 63%, respectively, followed by west Uttar Pradesh at 57% and Telangana and Marathwada at 37% rain deficit.
The monsoon, which brings about three quarters of India's annual rains, usually arrives over the southern coast in June and spreads to the rest of the country over the next month.
Reservoirs normally fill up rapidly in July and create a water reserve for irrigation, drinking and power generation until the following year's monsoon.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Power plants may be fed pool-priced coal imp...Government plans to feed imported coal to power plants; price to be pooled with domestic coal
Sarita Singh, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 01.29AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Power ministry has quickly…)
NEW DELHI: The government is preparing a backup plan to feed imported coal to power plants after pooling its price with domestic coal in case the Supreme Court decides to cancel captive coal blocks at its hearing on September 9.
The power ministry has quickly altered a note for consideration by the Union cabinet to accommodate a proposal to supply imported coal to power plants linked to captive coal mines that are delayed or de-allocated, consequent to the Supreme Court ruling, a government official said. In the altered note, the power ministry has made room for any shortages that may arise as a fallout of Supreme Court's final verdict on the fate of the coal blocks that it said were illegally allocated.
The ministry proposed that Coal India supply all power plants commissioned after 2009 by importing dry fuel and pooling prices with domestic coal. The power ministry's earlier note had proposed offering interim supplies through Coal India to power plants with delayed or de-allocated mines, which was opposed by the coal ministry, citing shortages.
"Coal India will offer interim coal supply to power plants that are at advanced stage of commissioning but whose attached coal blocks are either delayed or in the process of de-allocation for reasons beyond their control. If the blocks are finally de-allocated, the interim supply will be converted into long term fuel supply contracts," the official said.
"Once there is clarity on the requirement of the coal after the Supreme Court judgement, the Central Electricity Authority and Coal India will decide about the coal import requirement in consultation with the railways and shipping authorities," the official said.
"Coal India will work out the commercial arrangement for the import of coal and supply of domestic and imported coal under the price-pooling arrangement," he said. Price pooling for power projects commissioned after 2009 is expected to raise power tariffs by 74 paise in 2014-15, 44 paise in 2015-16 and 5 paise in 2016-17.
The note, which has been circulated for inter-ministerial consultations, aims at providing fuel to all coalbased projects irrespective of their date of commissioning.
The proposal, in line with the budget announcement made by finance ministry Arun Jaitley , covers existing and upcoming plants with and without fuel tie-ups, projects with and without power purchase agreements and plants whose attached coal mines have been cancelled or delayed.
The coal ministry had shot down the power ministry's previous note saying Coal India had the ability to supply coal to only 60,000-mw plants. The coal ministry's fresh comments on the price-pooling mechanism are awaited.
Association of Power Producers director general Ashok Khurana said price pooling is a welcome move but the pre-2009 plants should also be included to keep electricity tariffs under check.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infra stocks infra dig for investorsInfra stocks infra dig for investors
Late rains narrow overall monsoon deficit to 14%Late rains narrow overall monsoon deficit to 14%
Editorial: Transmitting problemsEditorial: Transmitting problems
From Walden Pond to Wilderness: Celebrating the 50th Anniversary of the Wilderness Act and the Land and Water Conservation Fund Actreddit
"...in Wildness is the preservation of the World."
Henry David Thoreau's famous line was not published until a month after his death in 1862 in the essay " Walking ." Thoreau spent much of the last decade of his life proclaiming the importance of nature and wilderness. His insight, distilled into a single sentence, echoed down the years as other Americans constructed our country's conservation legacy on the foundation Thoreau built in Concord, Massachusetts.
Just over 100 years after the publication of Thoreau's words -- and 50 years ago today -- President Lyndon Johnson signed the Wilderness Act into law. Having established the first national parks in the world, America was once again innovating when it came to protecting our natural heritage. This time we had the foresight to safeguard the areas "untrammeled by man, where man himself is a visitor who does not remain." Since President Johnson signed the law, we've protected nearly 110 million acres of wilderness, areas where visitors can enjoy nature's rhythms that so inspired Thoreau. As America continues to grow and the impacts of climate change manifest, these places are increasingly important havens for humans and wildlife alike.
While we have preserved many critical wild parts of America, there are still areas that deserve protection, especially from increasing pressure for oil and natural gas extraction. That's why I've been fighting to protect Georges Bank off the coast of Massachusetts. That's why I've supported preserving the natural and cultural heritage of the Red Rock wilderness in Utah. That's why for over a decade I've led efforts to protect the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , where we have the unique opportunity to preserve all the ecosystems that stretch from the ocean to the mountains. These places are too precious to drill.
As important as wilderness was to Thoreau, he also understood the need for nature closer to home. His cabin at Walden Pond was not far from Concord and his daily walks took him through the nearby forests and fields. Along with the Wilderness Act, President Johnson also signed the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act, which has provided funding to protect and enhance everything from remote rivers to neighborhood parks. Royalties paid by oil companies for extracting oil and natural gas from federal offshore leases are deposited in the fund. Each year Congress appropriates money for use by state programs and for national parks, wildlife refuges and forests. This creates benefits for the public from allowing oil companies to extract oil and natural gas from resources that belong to all Americans.
Since 1965 the Massachusetts state program has received almost $96 million and acquired nearly 4000 acres and improved hundreds of parks. Over $100 million has supported federal lands in Massachusetts like the Cape Cod National Seashore , the Silvio Conte National Wildlife Refuge and the Minute Man National Historical Park , which honors both the Revolutionary War battlefield and the impact of Thoreau and his Concord contemporaries--Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nathaniel Hawthorne and Louisa May Alcott--had on American literature.
This investment in conservation pays dividends to our economy attracting over 2.4 million wildlife watchers and sportsmen and women who spend over $1.6 billion annually in Massachusetts. It also provides benefits that are harder to quantify. What's the value of supporting the Connecticut River watershed and the clean drinking water it provides to the Quabbin Reservoir, Boston's primary drinking water source? What's the worth of coastal conservation lands providing protection from rising seas and extreme storms brought by global warming? As President Kennedy noted in his February 1963 letter to Congress accompanying the draft legislation for the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act, "In addition to the enhancement of spiritual, cultural, and physical values resulting from the preservation of these resources, the expenditures for their preservation are a sound financial investment." And the first 50 years of the program have proven him correct.
Despite the success of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, America is not benefiting from its full potential. The law allows for $900 million to be used each year.  Only rarely have annual funding levels approached that amount despite it being only a fraction of the billions oil companies pay in in royalties. I have supported robust funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund throughout my career in Congress. On its 50th anniversary, I am proud to join with a bipartisan group of senators in supporting S.338, the Land and Water Conservation Authorization and Funding Act of 2013 , which will make the program permanent and guarantee full funding for it every year.
This investment in our country will pay immediate dividends to our economy and our environment and provide an indispensable inheritance for future Americans. It creates an insurance policy against the ravages of climate change. And, as Thoreau suggested, it may just help preserve the world and our place in it.
Follow Sen. Ed Markey on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MarkeyMemo
More:

4 Tips for Attending Job Interviews Without Your Boss Knowingreddit
Searching for a job while you're currently employed can be tricky, especially if you don't want your current employer to know you're looking for a job.
You need to be particularly careful when scheduling job interviews . It's hard to navigate around your job's schedule when another company requests an interview with you during business hours. You don't want your boss to know just in case the opportunity falls through -- after all, the job you have now is better than no job -- so you must keep your job search discreet .
But, that doesn't mean you have to let your current job hold you back from taking the opportunity to land your dream job. Here are some great tips for going on job interviews without your boss knowing:
1. Use Vacation Time For Interviews
Hopefully, you got a chance to take a vacation this year. But, if you're like the 40 percent of Americans who didn't plan to use your vacation time this year, you have an advantage here.
When you can, schedule your interviews a week or two in advance to give your boss adequate notice about your planned vacation day. You don't have to be specific about where you are going or what you are doing exactly, but have something in mind in case your boss asks.
If you aren't good at lying, plan a mini-vacation that same day before or after the interview to clear your conscience and take a breather.
2. Schedule Interviews Before And After Work
If you're short on comp time or vacation hours at your current job, ask your interviewer if he can meet with you before or after work. Coming in early or staying late isn't always ideal, but if the hiring manager is truly interested in you, he might be willing to adjust his schedule.
3. Use Your Lunch Break
Although the traditional lunch break is becoming endangered , use one for a quick midday interview. Ask your interviewer if she can meet at a nearby cafe. If an hour or less doesn't give you enough time, ask your interviewer if she can split up the interview into two lunch meetings.
4. Use Only Your Personal Technology
As you communicate with other companies, only use your personal phone and computer. One out-of-the ordinary phone call could make you look suspicious. One look in your work computer's search history could reveal to everyone you're a flight risk.
Whenever possible, find time to communicate with your prospective employers at home or on break via email or social networking platforms, using your own laptop or mobile device.
Additionally, be sure to keep your job search out of the office and set all your social network updates to private so your co-workers can't track your job search activity.
One of the biggest challenges for currently-employed job seekers is finding time to work on career changes alongside a full-time job. Leaving work for a job interview can be nerve-wracking, but you shouldn't let that stop you. As long as you are tactful, you can leave the office for an interview without your boss knowing. Off-the-clock time is your personal time. Don't be afraid to use it!
What are some creative ways you've sneaked out of your job for an interview? Share with us in the comments below?
Val Matta is the vice president of business development at CareerShift , a comprehensive job hunting and career management solution for companies, outplacement firms, job seekers and university career centers. Connect with Val and CareerShift on LinkedIn .
Follow Val Matta on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@careershift
More:

Tata Value Homes sells 85 houses worth Rs 40 cr on SnapdealPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 06:34 PM IST
Tata Value Homes sells 85 houses worth Rs 40 cr on Snapdeal
On Aug 28, the company launched an exclusive offer online, offering Rs 10,000 per month for a year as an assured rent
Tata Value Homes, focused on affordable housing, has sold 85 houses worth Rs 40 crore in six days under its partnership with e-commerce major Snapdeal.
On August 28, Tata Value Homes launched an exclusive offer on Snapdeal, offering Rs 10,000 per month for a year as an assured rent (whether owners stay on premise or lease it out).
"We are overwhelmed and amazed with response from customers, we have sold 85 units of Tata Value Homes worth Rs 40 crore on Snapdeal. This has reaffirmed our belief that the customer has adapted to online home purchase as easily as other categories," Snapdeal VP (Fashion) Amit Maheshwari told PTI.
As part of the partnership, houses across projects in cities like Mumbai, Pune, Ahmedabad, Bangalore and Chennai were put up for sale on Snapdeal. Ranging from 1 BHK to 3 BHK, the houses are priced between Rs 18-70 lakh.
Interested customers could book their houses for Rs 30,000.
"Our research shows 70% of our customers search online before buying a home. We strongly believe that India is ready to buy homes online," Tata Housing Development Company Senior Vice President (Marketing & Sales) A Harikesh said.
The phenomenal response received from the customers during the launch of our partnership with Snapdeal is a testimony to this belief, he added.
Tata Value Homes, a subsidiary of Tata Housing Development Company, sells houses through its own portal as well.
Tata Value Homes would continue to sell through Snapdeal even though the offer would not be available.
 Advertisements

CCI invites public comments on Sun Pharma - Ranbaxy mergerBS Reporter & PTI |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:32 AM IST
CCI invites public comments on Sun-Ranbaxy deal
The commission has already asked the companies to make the details of their proposed transaction public within within 10 working days
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has invited public comments from all stakeholders, including general public, on the proposed merger deal between Sun Pharmaceutical Industries and Ranbaxy Laboratories.
“The Commission invites comments/objections/suggestions in writing, from any person(s) adversely affected or likely to be affected by the combination…within 15 working days from the date of publication,” said CCI in a statement on Thursday.
CCI said the public consultation process has been launched “in order to determine whether the combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India”.
Widening its scrutiny of the multi-billion dollar deal, CCI has already asked Sun and Ranbaxy to make public the details of their proposed transaction in a prescribed format within 10 working days. Both companies informed the stock exchanges on Thursday about the CCI direction, given under Section 29(2) of the Competition Act, 2002.
This is the first instance where the CCI has ordered a public scrutiny of a proposed merger and acquisition (M&A) deal to ensure compliance to fair trade regulations.
On April 6, Sun Pharma had announced it would buy Ranbaxy from Japan's Daiichi Sankyo in an all-share deal pegged at $4 billion, including the debt of $800 million on Ranbaxy's books. Sun said it expected the deal to be closed by the end of 2014.
The deal has been approved by the major stock exchanges and by the two companies' shareholders.
Completion of the deal will make Sun the country's largest drug maker by sales and the world's fifth largest generic manufacturer. Yet, the transaction has attracted tough scrutiny by the competition watchdog, citing its significance for the public interest.
 Advertisements

Govt approves 7% dearness allowance hike  effective from July 1BS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 09:21 PM IST
Govt approves 7% dearness allowance hike, effective from July 1
The combined impact on the exchequer on account of both DA and DR would be about Rs 7,691 cr per annum
The Union cabinet on Thursday cleared a seven% rise in dearness allowance (DA) for government employees iwth effect from July 1, taking it to 107% of their basic pay.
The move benefits around three million employees and five mn pensioners. It will cost the exchequer Rs 5,127 crore in the rest of the current financial year and Rs 7,691 crore in a year.
The increase is in accordance with the accepted formula, based on recommendations of the 6th Central Pay Commission. According to the formula, DA is calculated on the basis of the 12-month average of the Consumer Price Index for Industrial Workers. The average rate of retail inflation for industrial workers from July 1, 2013, to June 30, 2014, was 7.25%.
Therefore, the central government decided to raise the DA by seven%.
The previous government had increased DA to 100% from 90% of basic pay with effect from January 1, 2014, on February 28.
The cabinet also approved a memorandum of understanding for cooperation in traditional systems of medicine and homoeopathy between India and Bangladesh.
Total export of Indian systems of medicine products were Rs 2,168 crore in 2012-13. Those to Bangladesh were Rs 31.9 crore in 2013-14.
 Advertisements

We are not growing much  so don t need more capital: Arundhati BhattacharyaManojit Saha & Abhijit Lele |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:58 AM IST
I have enough liquidity to look after my growth needs: Arundhati Bhattacharya
Interview with SBI Chairman
Arundhati Bhattacharya, who completes a year as State Bank of India chairman this month-end, says she sees much more optimism now than six months ago. In an interview with Manojit Saha & Abhijit Lele, she says she expects stalled projects coming back on track in two quarters. Edited excerpts.
All are talking about green shoots. What’s your take?
I see much more optimism now than six months ago. People are indeed talking about new projects, investments and expansion. But these things take time to fructify. You have to give two quarters after a recovery in economy to see an impact on banks’ books. It’s not an easy process. The project pipeline has really run dry; it will take time to get it moving again. I think we have to wait until January before things get started again.
You mean new projects will start coming from January...
The first push will come from stalled projects, as getting something already on the ground back on track is easier. In the next two quarters, stalled projects will start moving. New projects are at least a year away.
SBI has not grown its loan book since March. Do you think it can repeat last year’s credit growth of 15 per cent this year?
With half the year already over, I don’t think we will reach 15 per cent. This quarter will be low, mainly due to the effect of a high base. We had grown at a high rate last September, especially in the corporate space. Going forward, we definitely see it picking up in October and November. By the end of this quarter, loan growth could be at the same level as March, or there could be some shrinkage.
Isn’t expanding the loan book a conscious strategy?
The fact is, credit demand itself is slow. We are very clear we don’t want to rush in if we see the risk is not in line with our appetite. So, to an extent, it is consciously managed. Unless there is credit demand from good firms, there is no rushing. At present, retail is doing better than the corporate segment.
SBI has seen a decline in bad loans in the last two quarters. Do you think the trend is sustainable or was it a one-off event mainly due to NPA sale?
What will happen is that the numbers will stabilise. The rate of increase of fresh NPA creation will come down. The restructuring pipeline is also less strong than the earlier. The restructuring pipeline was about Rs 3,700 crore but all of these may not be restructured in this quarter.
RBI has eased norms for Basel-III -compliant bonds. What does it mean for SBI?
It’s on the lines of what we had written to RBI. The additional Tier-I (AT1) capital instruments will be a little less costly. We always wanted to take AT1. So far as capital raising is concerned, We don’t need it at this point because we are not growing much. At this point SBI’s capital adequacy is 12.56 per cent if you take into account profits for the quarter ended June 2014. I want to make my bank more profitable at this point. I have enough liquidity and capital to look after my current growth needs.
How much is the surplus liquidity that SBI has?
More than Rs 50,000 crore.
Is there any possibility of reducing the base rate to boost credit growth?
I don't think so. Our base rate is the lowest. I don't think that is the way to boost credit growth
Have you seen a decline in cost of funds?
No, because there is a belief that interest rate is on top of the cycle. That has made more people putting money in fixed deposits rather than putting that in the short end. So, cost of funds has not come down. In fact, it has gone up slightly.
So are you planning to cut deposit rates?
We have already reduced the rate for up to one-year deposits. I don't see any immediate fall in deposits rates for longer tenure maturities.
Do you see RBI reducing interest rate any time soon?
RBI has quite clearly signalled that they will cut rates only if they are sure that inflation is comprehensively under control. I think they will stick to that.
United Bank of India has declared Kingfisher Airlines and Vijay Mallya a wilful defaulter. As the leader of the consortium of lenders, are you also planning such a move?
UBI has done it in respect of a loan taken from outside the consortium. For the loan given by the consortium, we have been looking at ways and means of doing it and as a result, we have also ordered a special audit. If the audit finding gives us a good ground for doing it, we will do it.
There is a new found aggression among public sector banks, which is evident from the proactive steps they are taking in cases like KFA or Bhushan Steel. What has changed?
Banks have always been trying to recover assets as far as possible. The reason why it is being noticed now is because the numbers are big and high profile accounts are involved. One of the reasons that stops fast action is that we have a rule of law and we have to go through the courts. In respect of the account that you are mentioning (Kingfisher), 22 court cases are there. We have to put in a large number of resources to fight these cases. It's not as if you want to do something and you can do it tomorrow.
We are asking both the government and the regulator to provide teeth to the regulations that are available to ensure we can get things done faster. Wilful default is not a law at present; it is a regulation. We need a wilful defaulter law, we need a bankruptcy law. We need all of these things as legal provisions.
The PJ Nayak committee had raised concerns on governance in public sector banks. What's your view?
Corporate governance has to come in many ways. The fact of the matter is that the quality of board members has to improve, though I must say it's not an issue as far as SBI is concerned. The selection process of top management should ensure that people who are coming in should come for a specific period of time. If they come for too short a period, they cannot really implement any long lasting changes. To the credit of the government, I must, say they have already thought of these things.
There is a thinking about lateral entry in the top positions of SBI. Do you think that is required?
Movement of that nature unless there is a logic to it, makes no sense. SBI has a large number of subsidiaries/associates and all of us get a stint to work as number one in some subsidiaries before becoming the chairman. So, we do have the feel of the market as well as an outside view. If a person is coming from outside, then he or she should get five to seven years term as chairman to allow him some space for some kind of learning curve. I am an SBI insider; even I needed some time to get adjusted after coming to this chair.
 Advertisements

Infosys bags new multi-year contract from BPBS Reporter |  Bangalore Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 06:54 PM IST
Infosys bags new multi-year contract from BP
Industry experts believe it's an extension of existing contract with some new elements of engagements
Infosys, India's second largest IT services company on Thursday said that it has signed a five-year group-wide IT outsourcing services contract with BP (formerly British Petroleum).
The scope of the engagement will include application support, development as well as enhancing business applications for all of BP's key IT operations.
Although the company did not disclose the value of the contract, industry experts believe it is an extension of the existing contract Infosys signed with BP with some new elements of engagements.
In 2009, BP had awarded a five-year IT outsourcing contract worth of around $1.5 billion which was split between six vendors including TCS, Infosys, Wipro, IBM and Accenture.
Infosys said the new agreement will be effective September 1, 2014 and the geographical scope would include BP's main facilities in Houston, Texas, and in the UK, as well as support in locations as diverse as Azerbaijan, Angola, Brazil and Singapore.
 Advertisements

Consumer group calls for airlines to list all feesGroups calls for airlines to list all fees
Airlines fees
Alex Garcia, Chicago Tribune
A passenger pays fees for checked bags at an American Airlines self-serve terminal at O'Hare International Airport.
A passenger pays fees for checked bags at an American Airlines self-serve terminal at O'Hare International Airport. (Alex Garcia, Chicago Tribune)
Airline fees should be disclosed during buying, groups say.
'Show us the fees,' consumer groups urge.
Consumer and travel groups on Thursday urged U.S. regulators to make the total price of airfares easier to compare by forcing airlines to supply travel agencies with information on additional fees that have become so popular over the past six years.
Advocates called the current process “unfair and deceptive” for consumers, who can't readily compare among airlines all-in prices for airfares including all the associated fees, such as those for checked bags, early boarding and extra-legroom seat assignments.
James Beach says he's embarrassed that an argument over his use of the "Knee Defender" during a flight from Newark to Denver got out of control and forced the plane to be diverted to Chicago last month. ( Tribune staff )
“To protect air travel consumers, we need to fix the significant problems they face in searching, comparing and buying ancillary fees, which have become ubiquitous in the airline industry,” said Andrew Weinstein, executive director of Open Allies for Airfare Transparency, a coalition of more than 400 companies and organizations involved in the distribution or purchase of air travel.
The airline industry says such a rule is inappropriate in a deregulated market like the airline industry.
8
“We believe this proposal overreaches and limits how free markets work and will needlessly inhibit market innovations that are developing to meet customer demand for customized information,” said Jean Medina, spokeswoman for industry association Airlines for America.
Beginning in 2008, airlines began charging for checked luggage and other “optional” services and features that used to be included in the fare. They call it “unbundling.” Fees for checking bags and changing flights alone amounted to $6.2 billion among U.S. carriers last year, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation.
The DOT is in the process of taking public comments on a proposed rule that would in part require airlines to disclose fees all during the buying process — not only on airline websites but also at online travel agencies, such as Expedia and Orbitz.
“Consumers have the fundamental right to know the upfront cost of their entire trip,” said Philip J. Minardi, spokesman for the Travel Technology Association.
A survey released Thursday by the coalition of air travel groups found 71 percent of air travelers say airlines should have to sell ancillary services wherever they sell tickets, and 81 percent said current airline practices are unfair and deceptive.

Don t blame Coal IndiaDon t blame Coal India
Obama Taps Google  Twitter Execs for Tech JobsAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Sangh re-converts Dalit MuslimconvertsDuring the ‘purification’ ceremony. (Source: Express photo by Sachin Modi)
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Shivpuri | Posted: September 5, 2014 2:08 am
A day after they were arrested for converting to Islam, four Dalits were “re-converted” to Hinduism by VHP and Bajrang Dal activists in a ceremony at the Hanuman Temple here on Thursday.
Calling it “Ghar Vapasi”, the Hindu organisations also brought in over half-a-dozen other Dalits who had expressed their willingness to embrace Islam, and subjected them to a “purification” ceremony amid chanting of mantras by the temple priest.
The four converts — Maniram Jatav, his wife Makhobai Jatav, their son Nilesh Jatav and another relative Tularam Jatav — claimed that nobody had forced them to return to their original faith.
On Wednesday, they were arrested under the state’s anti-conversion law for not informing the district authorities in Shivpuri before converting to Islam. They were later released on bail. They claimed that they had converted to Islam because they were being discriminated against by upper castes.
Meanwhile, Maniram’s two other sons refused to participate in the “re-conversion” ceremony today. They said efforts were on to persuade them to return to Hindu fold.
“I decided to return to my original faith after Hindu leaders in our area promised that we would not be discriminated against in future,’’ said Maniram. Before the ceremony, the Bajrang Dal workers made him shave and wear new clothes.
“No religion teaches discrimination. I have read the Gita, Bible and Quran. We faced a lot of difficulties and chose to convert to Islam but now we have been promised a better future,’’ he said.
Maniram remained a Muslim for 14 months. “Didn’t Lord Rama spend 14 years in exile,’’ said Manoj Sharma, Bajrang Dal district convenor. “I told them that nobody would even lift a finger against them in future,’’ he said.
“Our activists will become active and stop such discrimination in every village. We will ensure nobody converts to Islam and will make every effort to bring those who have already converted back to the Hindu fold,” said Sharma.
The officer in charge of Khaniyadhana Police Station, Y S Jadaun, said the Jatavs had probably decided to re-convert under pressure from their own community.
Bajrang Dal workers said they had convinced them to re-convert by putting pressure on their community members. They said a meeting of the Ahirwar community has been called on Sunday to convince members to stop converting..

Season s New Phones Are All About Selfie ImageAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Toyota: Cars will be safer  but still need d...Detroit
(Your car soon will do more…)
YPSILANTI: Your car soon will do more to help avoid a crash. As for one day leaving all the driving to the vehicle while you relax in back, don't get your hopes up.
That's the message from safety executives at Toyota, who on Thursday promised by 2017 to have collision-prevention technology installed across its US line-up, in both mainstream and luxury vehicles.
But for now at least, every vehicle the company designs and builds will require someone in the driver seat.
Toyota expects by ``mid-decade'' to roll out a next generation of safety systems in the US that allow cars to steer themselves enough to stay in the center of a lane. And to keep the driver focused on the task at hand _ driving _ the cars will also feature a camera that monitors the driver's eyes and makes sure that hands are on the steering wheel. If the eyes drift off the road or hands come off the wheel, the car would issue a warning.
``In other words, a full-time back-seat driver,'' Ken Koibuchi , general manager of Toyota's intelligent vehicle division, said at Thursday's briefing.
Several other automakers already have lane-steering technology and driver monitoring systems, but often they're only available in higher-cost or luxury models.
Toyota's system might eventually have the ability to warn you if your freeway lane is going away, or merging traffic could hit your car. That technology is still being developed and is limited by mapping data nationwide, the safety executives said at a safety briefing near Ypsilanti, Michigan.
The company sees a gradual shift toward cars doing most of the driving work, with each increment helping people to gain trust in the automated systems.
Toyota says the industry is more than a decade away from making a car that could drive itself, due to technology limitations and legal issues. And unlike Google , Toyota doesn't see the day where a human won't be needed behind the wheel.
``Toyota will not be developing a driverless car,'' said Seigo Kuzumaki, the company's deputy chief safety technology officer. Humans still will be needed to handle situations that can't be anticipated by a computer, Toyota executives said.
Toyota and other automakers already have radar-activated cruise control that keeps a safe distance from other traffic and can even stop the car when needed if the driver doesn't react. The next-generation Toyota system will have more sensitive radar that can see farther and react faster.
Toyota plans to put collision-prevention systems on all cars in its US model lineup by 2017. The systems are likely to include the radar-activated cruise control, although Toyota said details will be released at a later time. The radar system now is available as an option on Lexus and six Toyota models.
Toyota's safety briefing came ahead of next week's Intelligent Transportation Society of America World Congress in Detroit , where many automakers and parts suppliers plan to show off new safety technology.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Getty Images sues Microsoft over online phot...Getty Images sues Microsoft over new online photo tool
Reuters Sep 5, 2014, 02.19AM IST
Tags:
Getty Images Inc
(A new Microsoft Corp product…)
NEW YORK: A new Microsoft Corp product that allows website publishers to embed digital photographs on their sites is a "massive infringement" of copyrighted images, Getty Images Inc claimed in a lawsuit filed in federal court in New York on Thursday.
The "Bing Image Widget," released on Aug. 22, gives publishers the ability to create a panel on their websites that displays digital images supplied by Microsoft's Bing search engine, according to the lawsuit.
Rather than draw from a pool of licensed images, the lawsuit claimed, the product grants access to the billions of images that can be found online, without regard to whether the photos are copyrighted.
"In effect, defendant has turned the entirety of the world's online images into little more than a vast, unlicensed 'clip art' collection for the benefit of those website publishers who implement the Bing Image Widget, all without seeking permission from the owners of copyrights in those images," the lawsuit said.
Getty, which produces and distributes photos, video, music and multi-media products, is asking a judge in U.S. District Court to block the widget immediately and award an unspecified amount of damages. The actual injury to Getty is "incalculable," according to the lawsuit.
In a statement, a Microsoft spokeswoman said the company would consider whether Getty's claims had merit.
"As a copyright owner ourselves we think the laws in this area are important," the spokeswoman said in an email. "We'll take a close look at Getty's concerns."
John Lapham , general counsel for Getty, said his company has been engaged in discussions with Microsoft for more than a year about what he called the "erosion" of copyright protection for online images.
The widget, he said, goes well beyond a search tool by helping websites embed copyrighted images for commercial use. Getty's own embedding tool, by contrast, is only available for non-commercial websites and includes photographer attribution, he said.
"Now you have someone else's picture in full, beautiful display on your website, having never paid for it and with no attribution to the photographer at all," he said.
The widget is already in use by websites around the world, the lawsuit said. Getty owns or represents more than 80 million unique digital images, according to the lawsuit.
The case is Getty Images Inc v. Microsoft Corp, U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, No. 14-7114.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Regulators label MetLife a systemic riskSeptember 4, 2014 10:09 pm
Regulators propose systemic risk label for MetLife
By Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/850b91f8-3466-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nebraska Hospital Officials Hold News Conference Before Missionary With Ebola ArrivesSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Tornadoes Possible as Storms Target Midwest
EXPLORE.org: Bird Cams - Osprey
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

RBI begins review of Jan Dhan rolloutRBI begins review of Jan Dhan rollout
Rains snap 3-week lull  turn surplus in weekRains snap 3-week lull  turn surplus in week
Comedian Joan Rivers stood up fearlessly for the funnyComedian Joan Rivers stood up fearlessly for the funny
Ministerial panel in place to set up green regulatorMinisterial panel in place to set up green regulator
Time for strategic bonding with AustraliaTime for strategic bonding with Australia
Panasonic gives Technics a new spin but no sign of coveted turntablesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Michael Bloomberg to return as head of Bloomberg companyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Sofia Vergara is highest paid TV actress at $37 mn: ForbesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

70 go missing as flash floods wash away bus in J&KUpdated: September 5, 2014 12:59 IST
70 go missing as flash floods wash away bus in J&K
ZAHID RAFIQ
Tweet
At least 70 people went missing on Thursday after the bus they were travelling in was washed away flash floods in Jammu and Kashmir’s Rajauri district.
PTI People watch a bridge that was washed away by floods triggered by incessant rains at Dooru Verinaag in Anantang district of jammu and Kashmir on Thursday.
The Hindu A family wades through a flooded road in Srinagar on Thursday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
The Hindu A man carries his sick daughter after flood waters entered the Bone and Joint Hospital at Barzulla in Srinagar on Thursday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
The Hindu The motorcade of Jammu & Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah wades through the water-logged Bone and Joints Hospital at Barzulla in Srinagar on Thursday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
Over 40 people are missing after a bus carrying a marriage party, including the bride and groom, was washed away in flash floods in Jammu and Kashmir’s Rajouri district on Thursday. Google Maps screenshot locates Naushera, where the mishap occurred.
TOPICS
road accident
The bus carrying a marriage party was on its way from Pata village to Laam in Naushera sector.
At least 70 people went missing on Thursday afternoon after the bus they were travelling in was washed away flash floods. The accident happened in the Laam area of Naushera sector along the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir.
According to J&K Police, the passengers were part of a marriage party and were on their way from Pata village to Laam in Naushera.
“The water channel in which their vehicle fell was flooded and it washed away the bus. Police teams including our officers are at the spot right now but we have no information about the dead or the rescued,” a police spokesperson told The Hindu.
There have been incessant rains since Sunday across most parts of Jammu and Kashmir and many areas in south and central Kashmir are flooded and so are many parts of the Srinagar city.
The State has been put on high alert as the Jhelum was flowing much above the danger mark and authorities said the State may witness its worst floods in decades.
“We are witnessing a massive flood approaching. The rains are not stopping and water levels are consistently rising,” Chief Engineer of Irrigation and Flood Control Kashmir, Javed Jaffer, said.
Several villages in Kashmir are under water with people being rescued by boats.
In different accidents since Tuesday, more than 12 people have been killed in the floods.

SC turns down CBI directors plea to gag mediaNew Delhi, September 4, 2014
Updated: September 4, 2014 20:31 IST
SC turns down CBI director’s plea to gag media
Krishnadas Rajagopal
The Supreme Court on Thursday turned down a plea by CBI director Ranjit Sinha to restrain the media from publishing details of the visitors' logbook at his residence. File photo: PTI
TOPICS
justice and rights
It said the issue arising out of visitors’ log book at the director’s residence is very "sensitive" and hoped the media would act with some responsibility.
The Supreme Court on Thursday refused to pass orders favouring CBI Director Ranjit Sinha's request to stop the media from reporting on allegations that he frequently met and favoured influential persons associated with the accused in the 2G spectrum and coal scams.
A Bench of Justices H.L. Dattu and S.A. Bobde refused to intervene, saying the court has control only over court proceedings and not what happens outside.
“The Press has its freedom. But we also hope the Press is aware of the sensitivity of this matter,” Justice Dattu said, denying senior advocate Vikas Singh, counsel for the CBI chief, a gag order on the media.
The court hearing started with Mr. Singh making a frontal attack on the media, crying foul about how documents meant to remain confidential were splashed on TV channels and front pages of newspapers in the past two days.
On September 2, when advocate Prashant Bhushan first divulged in open court that he had “very disturbing and explosive material” against the CBI chief, the Bench had stopped him from further going into details. The court had asked him to hand over the documents in a sealed cover for its perusal.
On Thursday, Mr. Singh questioned the intentions behind the leak.
“What is the point of the court having documents in sealed covers when they appear in the media. He (Sinha) occupies a very sensitive position handling some of the most important cases in the country. His reputation is at stake now,” Mr. Singh submitted.
Seeking an urgent hearing, Mr. Singh said the CBI chief is now exposed to the “twists and tales” of the media, including that he opposed the CBI hierarchy in the Aircel-Maxis case.
The agency chief further challenged Mr. Bhushan, who represents Centre for Public Interest Litigation, the NGO whose PIL led to the scrapping of 122 2G Spectrum licences, to reveal the source of the documents, which allegedly includes copies of the visitors' logbooks at his residence.
“Please let him reveal how he secured the documents. Has he secured them in a manner known to law?” Mr. Singh submitted.
“The Supreme Court should throw out these patently false accusations like how it did in Amar Singh (phone-tapping) case for the sole reason that the source of documents were not revealed,” he argued.
But the Bench remained unmoved, only asking Mr. Bhushan to hand over his allegations in the form of an affidavit.
Posting the matter on September 8, the court instructed the NGO's lawyer to put the documents back in the sealed cover and not share them with anyone, including the government.

Former Sun-Times printing center may get $11M property tax break$11M tax break possible for company that owns former Sun-Times printing plant.
Alderman back $11.4 million tax break for owner of former Sun-Times printing plant.
A company that wants to convert the former Sun-Times printing plant into a large-scale data center would get an $11.4 million property tax break under a deal a Chicago City Council committee endorsed Thursday.
QTS plans to spend up to $500 million over more than a decade to create a 400,000-square-foot data center at 2800 S. Ashland Ave., said Jeff Berson, the company’s chief investment officer. The first phase, to be completed by 2017, would cost $140 million, he said. The rest of the work would take place over more than a decade.
To spur the development, the Committee on Economic, Capital and Technology Development recommended granting a property tax break that would reduce the property’s assessed value for 12 years. That reduction would save the company $11.4 million over the 12 years.
The tax break now goes to the full council for consideration next week. If approved, the city will send a letter to the Cook County assessor endorsing the break, which is given to firms undertaking industrial development.
@Joe South did you figure in the costs of bribes and kickbacks?
rhallas

Software non-compliance remains the biggest worry among Indian CIOs: BSAApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Down again! How low Apple s stock can goEMAIL
AP
Apple (AAPL) shares got hit again Thursday following their colossal drubbing Wednesday . The question now is: How low can Apple shares go.
Shares of Apple closed down 81 cents, or 0.8%, to $98.12 in late-day trading Thursday as investors cool off from a remarkable bull run this year. Concerns about reports of security issues connected with iPhones and Apple’s cloud service and worries Apple being leapfrogged in smartphone innovation and value are hurting the stock. The stock is now down 5% from its high of $103.30 notched on Sept. 1. That might not sound like much, but given Apple’s size, the three-day decline has erased $31.0 billion in investor value. That’s greater than the value of more than half the stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500.
Some of these worries may prove unfounded, something investors won’t know for sure until Apple unveils its rumored new products in a conference next week. And analysts remain overall positive on the stock.
But, when a high-profile stock starts falling like this, investors starting wondering about the bottom. Trying to predict the future of stocks as volatile as Apple’s is a perilous business. But there are a few guidelines that can offer at least some parameters for investors to think about when it comes Apple on the severe downside:
* $57.44. Yep, you read that number right. It might seem like an outlandish figure given where the stock is now. But the fact is, falling to $57.44 would simply be following the same pattern the last time Apple’s stock got this high and cracked. Apple’s stock last peaked at $100.30 on Sept. 19, 2012 on a split-adjusted basis. At the time, some investors were so bullish on Apple they were thought it was the only stock they needed. How wrong they were. Shares of Apple crashed 44.4% until hitting a bottom of $55.79 on June 20, 2013. Following the same decline from the high of $103.30 on Sept. 2, 2014, that would put Apple at $57.44.
Don’t believe this actually can happen? Here’s the chart to proof that it did:
Chart source: MSN Money
* $89.47. Valuation matters when it comes to stocks. And valuation is often considered in comparison to peers. Investors are paying an average of 13.1 cents for every dollar expected to be earned over the next 12 months for the six most valuable publicly traded U.S. stocks in the technology hardware, storage and peripherals industry group, says S&P Capital IQ. Applying that valuation to Apple’s expected adjusted earnings of $6.83 over the next twelve months gets you to a price of $89.47.
Below are the P-E ratios on the six most-valuable stocks in the technology hardware, storage and peripherals industry group:
Company

Stocks Drop as Oil Drop Offsets ECB StimulusAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Milestone Capital aims to raise Rs 500 cr to fund mid-scale residential realtyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Tata Value Homes sells 85 flats on Snapdeal within a weekApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Median Incomes Drop for All but WealthiestAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Parent payout: Google settles in-app purchase suit for $19MParent payout: Google settles in-app purchase suit for $19M
Resilience Capital Partners Announces Recapitalization and Seeks AcquisitionsResilience Capital Partners Announces Recapitalization and Seeks Acquisitions
Kalyan takes oath as Rajasthan Gov amid Jai Shri RamslogansRajasthan Chief Justice Sunil Ambwani administers oath of office to Kalyan Singh at Raj Bhawan in Jaipur.
Express News Service | Jaipur | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:01 am
Kalyan Singh was sworn in as the Governor of Rajasthan on Thursday amidst slogans of ‘Jai Shri Ram’ by his supporters at the Raj Bhawan.
Later, when asked about such sloganeering while taking oath to a constitutional post, Singh, the former Uttar Pradesh chief minister said, “Why, what is wrong about it? It is a matter of faith.” The sloganeering was condemned by senior Congress leaders, who said a constitutional post should not be given a “communal colour”.
Singh became the 20th Governor of the state, taking over from Ram Naik, who was assigned additional charge after UPA government appointee Margaret Alva completed her term last month.
After taking oath, he praised Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje and said it was like coming to his “sister’s home”. “Main bada bhai hoon jo chhoti behen ke ghar aaya hai. (I am elder brother who has come to his younger sister’s home). Vasundhara Raje is a very hardworking and able chief minister, who works for the development of all sections of society,” Singh said. “I will not cross the ‘Lakshman rekha’. I have not come to work as a competitor but as a supporter.” Singh said the Governor’s office will no longer address him as ‘His Excellency’, doing away with the colonial practice. He recalled his days as the UP CM when he had renamed the public meetings from ‘Janta Durbar’ to ‘Janta Darshan’.

BJP  Sena patch up as Shah meetsUddhavBJP chief Amit Shah seeks blessing of Lalbaugcha Raja at Lalbaug in Mumbai.
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: September 5, 2014 2:58 am
BJP president Amit Shah walked an extra mile to mend the fences with its alliance partner in Maharashtra, Shiv Sena, on Thursday to ensure that the ‘Mahauti’ — the grand alliance that helped the party to sweep the state in the recent Lok Sabha elections — remains intact in the 2014 Assembly polls.
In return, Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray assured the BJP chief that his party will not be rigid during the seat-sharing talks.
In a bid to strengthen the alliance, which has been under strain in the recent months, Shah swung into a damage control exercise soon after reaching Mumbai through symbolic gestures like paying floral tribute to Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park and then visiting Uddhav at his Matoshree residence on the invitation from the Sena chief.
Shah also issued a stern and clear message to party workers, critical of the ally, saying “the Sena-BJP grand alliance is here to stay”. “I can guarantee that it will win the elections… Let nobody get overworked about what is the seat-sharing formula or issues related to the elections. Leave those issues of seat negotiations to the leaders. We are here to address the issues. The workers should know well that the grand alliance will go ahead in the (Assembly) polls to dislodge the corrupt Congress and NCP government,” he said while addressing party workers earlier in the day.
At a public meeting in Dadar, Shah emphatically mentioned the name of Bal Thackeray amongst the several great leaders and reformers in Maharashtra along with Chhatrapati Shivaji, Jyotiba Phule, B R Ambedkar.
Ahead of Shah’s daylong visit, there were speculations whether he would meet Sena chief. However, 12 hours ahead of the visit, Uddhav spoke to Shah over phone and invited him to Matoshree, to which he readily agreed. Interestingly, throughout the day Sena leaders remained silent, refusing to comment on the developments.

A career diplomat who lost his job at a press meet but not hisdignityPrint
Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: September 5, 2014 2:55 am
Last year, when he found himself in the news again for a crucial incident that occurred in his life in 1987, former foreign secretaryA P Venkateswaran, ever the gentleman, refused to go back in time and dwell on his sacking as foreign secretary by Rajiv Gandhi.
“I believe that grave digging is not at all a pleasant task,’’ he said when his 1987 sacking through a press conference by Rajiv Gandhi was compared last year with Congress leader Rahul Gandhi’s tearing up of an ordinance cleared by the UPA Cabinet at a press conference in New Delhi.
The 85-year-old former foreign secretary who carried himself with great dignity died at a private hospital in Bangalore on Tuesday and was cremated in the city on Wednesday.
Despite an illustrious career spanning 35 years in the diplomatic service Venkateswaran’s career was highlighted by his ignominious exit as foreign secretary in January 1987 when Rajiv Gandhi snubbed his foreign secretary for making contradictory statements on a proposed visit to Pakistan.
“You will be talking to a new foreign secretary soon,” Rajiv Gandhi told a Pakistani journalist who raised the question of contradictory statements coming from the Prime Minister and his foreign secretary at a press conference where A P Venkateswaran was also present.
Following the snub at the press conference Venkateswaran quit the Indian Foreign Service.
“My resigning was a spontaneous action since I have always believed that life without honour is no living at all. I felt that the statement (by Rajiv Gandhi) was an arrogant attempt to try and humiliate, when all the facts were on my side like his impending visit to Pakistan for a SAARC summit,’’ Venkateswaran said last year when he was dragged into the limelight again.
Venkateswaran was considered among India’s best foreign officials while in service. In a letter he wrote to the diplomatic corps when he took over as foreign secretary to Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi on April 30, 1986 stated that it was necessary for the country to perceive the work of the IFS as being invaluable.
“We might flatter ourselves that we are doing something extremely valuable for the country, but unless it is also perceived as such by our countrymen, they might well conclude our contribution is not worthwhile…” he said.
Last September, when asked to draw comparisons between his own situation and the one involving Rahul Gandhi Venkateswaran only commented to say that “history repeats itself first as a tragedy and then as a farce’’.
After his exit from the IFS, Venkateswaran, who hailed from a Palakkad Iyer family, had settled down in Bangalore and set up the Asia Centre a think tank on Asian affairs comprising former diplomats and academics.

Single Women Irked by Pinterest Push Toward AltarAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Experts welcome nuclear deal with AustraliaExperts welcome nuclear deal with Australia
Govt plans new rule to remove CBI directorGovt plans new rule to remove CBI director
Tach Tech ranks high in Inc. Magazine s 33rd Annual List of America s Fastest-Growing Private Companies--the Inc. 5000Tach Tech ranks high in Inc. Magazine s 33rd Annual List of America s Fastest-Growing Private Companies--the Inc. 5000
United Spirits incurs historic Rs 5 100-crore loss  to probe loans to UB GroupUnited Spirits incurs historic Rs 5 100-crore loss  to probe loans to UB Group
CCI invites public comments on Sun-Ranbaxy dealBS Reporter & PTI |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:32 AM IST
CCI invites public comments on Sun-Ranbaxy deal
The commission has already asked the companies to make the details of their proposed transaction public within within 10 working days
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has invited public comments from all stakeholders, including general public, on the proposed merger deal between Sun Pharmaceutical Industries and Ranbaxy Laboratories.
“The Commission invites comments/objections/suggestions in writing, from any person(s) adversely affected or likely to be affected by the combination…within 15 working days from the date of publication,” said CCI in a statement on Thursday.
CCI said the public consultation process has been launched “in order to determine whether the combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India”.
Widening its scrutiny of the multi-billion dollar deal, CCI has already asked Sun and Ranbaxy to make public the details of their proposed transaction in a prescribed format within 10 working days. Both companies informed the stock exchanges on Thursday about the CCI direction, given under Section 29(2) of the Competition Act, 2002.
This is the first instance where the CCI has ordered a public scrutiny of a proposed merger and acquisition (M&A) deal to ensure compliance to fair trade regulations.
On April 6, Sun Pharma had announced it would buy Ranbaxy from Japan's Daiichi Sankyo in an all-share deal pegged at $4 billion, including the debt of $800 million on Ranbaxy's books. Sun said it expected the deal to be closed by the end of 2014.
The deal has been approved by the major stock exchanges and by the two companies' shareholders.
Completion of the deal will make Sun the country's largest drug maker by sales and the world's fifth largest generic manufacturer. Yet, the transaction has attracted tough scrutiny by the competition watchdog, citing its significance for the public interest.
 Advertisements

With KBC s millions  Sony soars to number four on TAM rankingUrvi Malvania |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:30 AM IST
With KBC's millions, Sony soars to number four on TAM ranking
Average weekday viewership of show was 5.2 mn in its first week
Kaun Banega Crorepati, the Indian adaptation of who Wants to Be a Millionaire by Freemantle, debuted with a bang in its eighth season, raking in viewership of 8.96 million for its grand premiere episode. This was the highest rated show in the week under consideration (August 17-23, 2014). The show outdid shows like Diya Aur Baati Hum (Star Plus), Jodha Akbar (Zee Tv) and Kumkum Bhagya (Zee TV).
The show’s performance also helped Sony Entertainment Television (SET), the flagship general entertainment channel (GEC) from Multi Screen Media (MSM), scale up to number four on the TAM ratings chart. The average weekday viewership of the show was 5.2 million in its first week.
The grand premiere of the Amitabh Bachchan-helmed show was shot in the textile city of Surat in Gujarat with a live audience of around 7,000 people. The evening’s proceedings included comedy acts by Kapil Sharma, the anchor of Colors’ Comedy Nights with Kapil, song and dance sequences and Bachchan’s interactions with the live audience.
Planners and observers believe that the presence of Sharma went a long way in getting viewers on the show. Through the week, the show maintained its viewership at 5.2 million. The drop from the grand premiere is to be expected say planners who believe that the channel might finally be able to reverse the ratings jinx it has been facing of late.
The week of the KBC season 8 launch saw some major upsets in the daily fiction space with consistent number one Diya Aur Baati Hum on STAR Plus shedding viewership of 3.3 million over the previous week to end up at 7.3 million. This put the erstwhile numero uno at number four. Jodha Akbar managed to retain the number two spot at 8.95 million viewers while Kumkum Bhagya took third place at 8.09 million viewers.
While the top three channels for the week did not see any change in the pecking order, SET managed to beak into the top four after a long time. The channel has been facing a lull in terms of ratings for the past couple of years and this is the first time in weeks that the viewership saw a jump of 104 million viewers on SET, propelling it to number four, from number six the previous week.
“KBC is a big property and it has a pull. This time, the channel has made an effort to make the show more appealing not only for the metro audiences, but the LC1 towns too. The efforts seem to be paying off. What remains to be seen is how the viewership sustains over the coming weeks. One of the challenges for Sony has been to retain the viewers it gets on KBC throughout the season,” says an analyst.
The worry is not ill-founded, since the show has seen a drop of viewership in its second week (August 24-August30) at 4.4 million (drop of 800,000). The channel continued to be at number four in the GEC ratings chart with KBC being its top rated show.
At the launch of the show’s marketing activities, senior vice-president and marketing head, Sony, Gaurav Seth had revealed that the channel’s management realises that even the most popular shows need to keep reinventing themselves and hence, innovation in telling the contestants’ back stories will be a focus area this year. Apart from this, the channel is also running campaigns on radio, in outdoor and in print to keep the buzz around KBC.
WORTH CRORES
8.96 million: Viewership of KBC’s premier episode of the eighth season
5.2 million: Average weekday viewership of the show in its first week
The show outdid shows like Diya Aur Baati Hum (Star Plus), Jodha Akbar (Zee Tv) and Kumkum Bhagya (Zee TV)
KBC has helped Sony Entertainment Television  scale up to number four on the TAM ratings chart
 Advertisements

Will Tribune Publishing be a paper tiger or new media lion5
Griffin came aboard four months ago, taking on the challenge after a large role in guiding Meredith Corp. into the digital age, a brief but transformative hitch as CEO of Time Inc. (which since has been spun from Time Warner), and the founding of Empirical Media, which advised Tribune Co. on the way out of its lengthy bankruptcy.
Beyond acknowledging the obvious need for top-line revenue growth and managing costs while remaining open to possible investments, Griffin has kept his specific plans close to the vest in the run-up to the split.
"The opportunity going forward," Griffin said, "is to develop these (Tribune Publishing) brands in ways that are traditional, in ways that are developing and in ways that are brand new."
The benefits of the break from broadcasting, Griffin said, include more focused management that no longer forces the publishing properties to fight within the company for attention and capital, and the removal of cross-ownership barriers that would have thwarted the acquisition of properties where Tribune Co. owned or wanted TV stations.
It may surprise those who follow the industry only casually, but Tribune Co.'s newspaper group makes money. Even it, however, has not been immune to the sectorwide drop-off in revenue that has dampened investment enthusiasm.
Remarkably, only eight years ago, entertainment mogul David Geffen dangled $2 billion for the Los Angeles Times but failed to budge Tribune Co. from its refusal to sell the paper. Shares in the new Tribune Publishing, trading on a when-issued basis since July 24, closed Friday at $22, which pegs the market value of the entire newspaper group at around $558.8 million.
That diminished value is a reflection of Wall Street impatience with — or lack of faith in — the efforts of newspapers everywhere to arrest and restore their eroding businesses. And it's a factor behind the growing number of media conglomerates that have de-glommed their print components.
Just Wednesday, Cincinnati-based E.W. Scripps Co., which has papers in 13 markets, announced its plan to merge with Milwaukee Journal Sentinel parent Journal Communications. The companies look to combine their TV and cable assets while completing sometime next year a spinoff of their newspaper assets as Milwaukee-based Journal Media Group, pending shareholder and regulator approval.
For publishers, cutting costs has been a go-to move to preserve margins and viability, though no one believes it is a long-term solution. New business and new business models are required. Like department stores in an increasingly boutique world, every aspect of what they do — particularly how, why and for whom they do it — bears review.
Griffin pointed with pride to a Tribune Publishing website redesign introduced in Los Angeles and Chicago and set to be adopted companywide. The changes are meant to optimize user engagement and social media sharing, showcase video and, critically, function optimally no matter on what kind of device a reader might access it.
"That really resonates with investors," Griffin said. "Before the introduction of new technology, we're reaching about 40 million unique visitors every month, so that's a big number companywide. We think with this new technology, by the time it's fully deployed, we'll scale that number demonstrably."
More than just leveraging their content and standing as community hubs, there will be an increased emphasis on other opportunities, such as sharing their digital expertise to help marketers find more and better ways to reach consumers.
"The job … is to acknowledge the reality and focus on the possibilities and execute on the possibilities," Griffin said. "Print advertising has declined pretty much every year since 2006. We have to manage that while we transition.
"It doesn't happen in one year or two years. It happens over time."
Not everything is going to work. Newspapering has always been a work in progress.
The Chicago Tribune gave the world President Abraham Lincoln, baseball's All-Star Game and Gasoline Alley. It also, in 1862, heaped praise on an actor named John Wilkes Booth, and had Dewey defeat Truman.
This paper tried to reinvent English spelling, for years forcing simplifications upon readers such as "thru" for "through," "tho" for "though" and "iland" for "island." Some of the streamlined spellings, such as "catalog" and "canceled," actually caught on. Most left people "agast."
Tribune Co. also was among the first of its peers to bet on radio, TV, cable television and the Internet.

Rest In Peace Status Meeting  You Will Not Be Missedreddit
Toe tag it. Time of death: 2014. Cause: A thousand paper cuts.
The real mystery here isn't what killed the status meeting, or even who killed it (smart money is on those meddling millennials), but rather how something so universally reviled could have survived as long as it did.
As the workplace has transformed into something that more closely resembles The Social Network than it does Office Space, and companies far afield from tech-land adopt dogmas of "disruption" and "innovation," too many managers cling to the archaic ritual of the status meeting. Why? Status quo. Because that's how things have always been done, and there's no need to fix what isn't broken.
Meanwhile, too few companies empower rank-and-file staffers to challenge dated practices and uproot legacy behavior. Lest we go down that well-worn path of technology acting as a generational divide in today's workplace, I will say, unequivocally, that there's simply no substitute for human-to-human interaction. No productivity app or enterprise social network will ever supplant the collective energy and creativity that happens when people get together in person to collaborate. Not only is it the basis for consistent success, but it also makes the journey a hell of a lot more fun.
Problem is, most status meetings are held for informational purposes, or worse yet, for political gerrymandering. Precious time is wasted regurgitating what everyone -- the key players anyway -- already knows, while the onlookers daydream through the white noise of updates that have no bearing on their day-to-day. On the rare occasion that real issues are surfaced, they're done so in the absence of proposed solutions, recommended actions, or even a forum for participatory decision making.
The status meeting begins predictably. After the chronically late guy ambles in ten minutes past the scheduled start, making no attempt to conceal his still-steaming latte, and just before the offsite team aborts a series of failed attempts to call in, the majordomo calls the meeting to order. "Alright, let's use the remaining fifty minutes to get us all on the same page." Ironically, said page is an actual page in front of everyone; it's the status report that's been dutifully updated and distributed in advance of the meeting, making the table read a superfluous exercise in time suck.
It usually ends the same way, too. Twenty minutes late, after the stale bagels have been picked over, the team shuffles out, drained and uninspired, avoiding eye contact by scrolling through the countless emails, texts, calls, and messages they legitimately missed during the meeting. In the end, a lot was said, a few things even discussed, but little, if anything, was actually advanced. Sound broken to you?
The good news for productivity, not to mention employee sanity, is that there's no shortage of alternatives to keep team members updated in the post-status workplace. From enterprise social networks, internal wikis, IM, and private chat to the old-fashioned email punch list or daily stand-up scrum, you can bolt together a combination of tools - online and offline - to align with the idiosyncrasies of your business.
If pulling the plug on status meetings altogether isn't an option, below are some guidelines on how to make them less execrable as you slowly euthanize the practice.
1. Start by cutting the time in half. If you can cover the same ground in that truncated window, cut it in half again. Whenever possible, cap the meeting at half an hour. Start on time, with military precision, and if someone shows up late, even if it's the boss, keep moving full speed ahead. And end a few minutes early.
2. Next, cut the attendees. And not with a scalpel - with a machete. Keep the list small, fluid, and limited to stakeholders who are directly accountable for the outcome. Rotate in fresh players for perspective, and encourage everyone to challenge one another, take criticism, and listen to alternative points of view.
3. Avoid using it as a clearinghouse for decision-making. We're competing in an always-on marketplace, where issues are surfaced constantly, options weighed quickly, and decisions made in real-time. Hold off on taking action until you get consensus at your standing meeting, and you may be a day late.
4. Finally, foster human conversation. Put a hard embargo on presentation decks and standardized reports, and start encouraging rigorous discourse. Include stimulus as needed, but focus the room's energy on generating new ideas, identifying new opportunities, and making forward progress.
At Omelet, we had to first acknowledge the fatigue and cynicism that low-value meetings foster before we could unlearn our bad meeting habits. We then decentralized meeting protocol, empowering each cross-disciplinary team to prototype its own model, ensuring that each client or project is serviced uniquely. And while meetings are now treated as the exception, rather than the rule, this transformation is still a work in progress; one that we have to vigilantly self-govern every day to ward off the inevitable meeting creep.
As a creative agency, we thrive by constantly outthinking our competitors. We come to work every day with the attitude that we need to keep the ideas flowing to keep the lights on. And that nothing should stand in the way of, or slow down, our thinking. Interrupting the unpredictable rhythm of the ideation process with unnecessary meetings, and forcing creative reasoning into one-or-two-hour increments, is kryptonite for next-generation companies like ours.
So go ahead and put that status meeting out to pasture, and free up your talent's time so they can get back to the business of pushing your business forward.
Follow Sean McNamara on Twitter: www.twitter.com/thisisomelet
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

We will not be cowed down: Obama  CameronUpdated: September 4, 2014 20:25 IST
Cameron prepares ground for military action in Iraq
Parvathi Menon
REUTERS Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron pauses during a television interview in Wales on Thursday, September 4, 2014.
TOPICS
conflict (general)
The policy of military non-intervention in Iraq thus far pursued by the David Cameron-led coalition government may change as the U.K. government seeks to shape a suitable response to the threat posed by the jihadist Islamic State.
In a joint article published in The Times to mark the start of the two-day NATO Summit being held in Wales, Mr. Cameron and United States President Barrack Obama have called for countries to abandon an “isolationist approach” to conflict in the 21st century.
The meeting comes in the immediate aftermath of the execution of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff — beheadings that were put on YouTube by the Islamic outfit with threats to behead a British aid worker next.
“Countries like Britain and America will not be cowed by barbaric killers,” the heads of state write. “We will be more forthright in the defence of our values, not least because a world of greater freedom is a fundamental part of how we keep our own people safe.”
Britain has refused to pay ransom to terrorist groups for the release of hostages. The British-accented black-clad jihadist, who claimed responsibility for the beheading of Mr. Foley, appeared in the Sotloff video as well. According to The Times, which quoted an international forensic company, the beheading of Sotloff took place off camera.
Both Ed Miliband, leader of the Labour Party, and Nick Clegg, Deputy Prime Minister and leader of the Lib Dems, have signalled their support for military air strikes against IS bases in the wake of the hostage crisis. Mr. Cameron has been reported as telling two days ago that he could initiate military action without the approval of Parliament, if it was in the national interest.
The aid worker whose life is now under threat is from Scotland and a father with two children. As U.S. intelligence is to launch a massive manhunt for “jihadi John” and Britain’s special forces are on alert to rescue the 44-year old aid worker who was captured in northern Syria 19 month ago.
In their joint article, Mr. Cameron and Mr. Obama also condemn Russia’s “illegal, self-declared annexation of Crimea and its troops on Ukrainian soil threatening a sovereign nation state.”
Russian President Vladmir Putin's seven­point peace plan for Ukraine will also be discussed at the Summit.

DOZENS ARRESTED AT FAST FOOD PROTESTS ACROSS THE COUNTRYreddit
Dozens of people participating in fast-food protests were arrested in New York, Chicago, Miami and other cities Thursday, according to police and organizers.
Fast-food workers and activists protested in more than 100 cities across the country demanding higher wages and better working conditions. The protests are the latest in a series of actions over the past few years aimed at calling attention to the plight of fast-food workers, who typically earn near the minimum wage and are subject to erratic schedules.
Industry groups argue that raising wages would squeeze the franchisees who own most of the restaurants. They also say that fast-food jobs are meant to be entry level, and therefore employees should get entry-level pay. But the economic downturn and slow recovery have meant that low-paying jobs in fast food, retail and other sectors are increasing much faster than middle-income work. That dynamic has forced many breadwinners to rely on multiple fast-food jobs to get by.
The Huffington Post confirmed with police departments across the country that at least 159 people were arrested, issued citations or detained. Organizers claimed 436 people were arrested as of Thursday afternoon, though it’s hard to say whether some of those were citations and not actual arrests. In most cases, the protesters were arrested or cited after blocking streets in most cases. While fast-food strikes have gained media attention over the last few years, Thursday was the first time activists used widespread civil disobedience.
Also on Thursday, home-care workers -- another low-paying, fast-growing sector -- joined the fast-food protests for the first time.
In New York, 19 people were arrested outside of a McDonald’s in Times Square at about 7:45 a.m. They were charged with disorderly conduct for obstructing traffic, a NYPD spokesman told The Huffington Post.
LIVE: Times Square NYC Workers getting arrested for blocking 42nd St. #StrikeFastFood @FastFoodForward pic.twitter.com/ZLU0nst9Q6
— Low Pay Is Not OK (@LowPayIsNotOK) September 4, 2014
First worker arrested for $15 and union rights. #StrikeFastFood pic.twitter.com/UVHsjTfBRM
— Fast Food Forward (@FastFoodForward) September 4, 2014
81-yr old McDonald's worker Jose Carrillo on his seventh strike and under arrest #strikefastfood pic.twitter.com/YrhbMg7Zia
— Daniel Massey (@masseydaniel) September 4, 2014
In Detroit, 30 protesters were detained after they blocked Mack Ave. on the city's east side, a police spokeswoman said. Six were detained on warrants and 24 were arrested and released.
Detroit fast food workers peacefully protest, get arrested for demanding living wage, union #StrikeFastFood pic.twitter.com/94MMZ4hflT
Workers and activists were also arrested in Chicago. A spokesman for the Chicago Police Department said 19 people were temporarily detained and issued citations; they're expected to be released later on Thursday.
BREAKING: FF workers being arrested at strike on southside Chicago #StrikeFastFood pic.twitter.com/QG9vU9Of0A
— Fight For 15 (@fightfor15) September 4, 2014
More fast food wrkrs being arrested at @McDonalds & @BurgerKing in south side Chi #StrikeFastFood pic.twitter.com/Bm2B0DTgGv
— Fight For 15 (@fightfor15) September 4, 2014
Protesters were also arrested in San Diego Thursday morning. A local ABC affiliate reported that 11 people were arrested. A police spokesman confirmed that arrests were made, but could not confirm the number.
UPDATE: 11 people arrested in San Diego fast food strike and rally: http://t.co/wuKzGbjp3p pic.twitter.com/YyQHwypcOU
— 10News (@10News) September 4, 2014
In Indianapolis, 10 protesters were cited for obstructing traffic, a spokesman for the Indianapolis Police Department said.
"They were cited in the parking lot with a ticket and then walked away, no one was handcuffed," said Lt. Christopher Bailey.
In Hartford, Connecticut, 13 protesters were cited for disorderly conduct, according to police.
Protest: 13 demonstrators block Washington St They were issued Community Court summons for Disorderly Conduct and released. Court on 9/12/14
— D/C Foley (@LtFoley) September 4, 2014
In Las Vegas, 10 people were cited after they blocked the north- and south-bound lanes of Las Vegas Boulevard this morning, a police spokesman told HuffPost.
In Miami, seven protesters were arrested after they refused to comply with an order from police to disperse from the middle of the road where they were sitting, a Miami-Dade County Police Department spokesman told HuffPost.
"They were taken into custody without incident," the spokesman said.
Eight people were arrested for disorderly conduct and unlawful assembly after blocking a "main thoroughfare" in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania, a Pittsburgh suburb, according to police.
In Kansas City, Missouri, 47 people were arrested after blocking the on and off-ramp to "a major thoroughfare," according to a police spokesman. He described the protesters are "very cooperative."
"We gave them several warnings and they refused to stand up and get out of the way," he said. "We handcuffed them all and brought them downtown and booked them for blocking the roadway."
Twenty-seven people were arrested in West Milwaukee, according to a press release from the police department there. Photos show Rep. Gwen Moore (D-Wis.) getting arrested.
Congresswoman @RepGwenMoore arrested while standing with workers during Milwaukee's #StrikeFastFood ! pic.twitter.com/6As95j3LBO
— Wisconsin Jobs Now (@WiscJobsNow) September 4, 2014
More:

Genetically modified coffee could be just around the cornerBy Rachel Feltman September 4 Follow @rachelfeltman
A newly-sequenced coffee genome unlocks the secrets of our favorite addiction. (Photo by Marvin Joseph/The Washington Post)
A consortium of scientists announced Thursday in Science that they've sequenced the coffee genome for the first time. By determining all of the genes that make up robusta  coffee, a plant variety that accounts for about one-third of the world's consumption, they've opened the door to better breeding practices and even genetic engineering.
The researchers were most surprised by the genes used to produce caffeine. There are several theories as to why a plant would want to give its leaves and berries an energy buzz: It might be meant as a deterrent against leaf-eating bugs, to make surrounding soil less hospitable to rival seedlings, or to turn potential pollinators into happy caffeine addicts. Whatever the drive, plants such as tea, coffee and chocolate developed enzymes to make the addicting (and sometimes toxic) compound.
But when researchers compared the coffee genome to that of chocolate, they found that the enzymes used to make caffeine in the two plants aren't closely related enough to share a common ancestor. In other words, coffee and chocolate found their way to caffeination independently of each other. So while the reasons for evolving caffeine production are still hard to pinpoint, we know it was a valuable enough trait to inspire multiple adaptations. Scientists don't have a genome for tea yet, so we can't be sure whether it developed caffeine on its own, as well.
Some members of the group are continuing on to sequence arabica coffee , which produces the world's fancier varieties of coffee bean. Since arabica is a hybrid of robusta and another variety of coffee plant, it has a duplicated genome. With twice as much genetic information to sift through, Victor Albert, the lead author and a professor of biological sciences at the University at Buffalo, said, this becomes "a much more complicated affair."
Albert and his colleagues have high hopes for the useful application of the sequencing. "When we compared the coffee to several other species, we saw a huge enrichment in disease-resistant genes," he said. "Those can now be rapidly explored in more detail, and could be of use in both coffee breeding and in the molecular modification of coffee."
The obvious route, he said, would be to make coffee crops more resilient to climate change and increased pest problems. But his team's work on coffee's caffeine-producing enzymes could also help take the buzz out of your brew. "This might make it possible to knock off caffeine production in a variety of coffee plant," Albert said, "So to make decaff coffee, you wouldn't have to go through the process of extracting the caffeine. You could just grow coffee beans that don't make it at all."
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409853635/1409853635000/1409853635 tracking: {authors=Rachel Feltman, blog_name=speaking-of-science, content_category=National, in_url_headline=genetically-modified-coffee-could-be-just-around-the-corner, post_id=800, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 6:00:35 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 6:00:35 PM

Sebi to begin proceedings against Plethico PharmaPress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 10:44 PM IST
Sebi to begin proceedings against Plethico Pharma
The company failed to meet the minimum public shareholding norms within the stipulated time period
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) will initiate adjudication proceedings against Plethico Pharmaceuticals for failing to meet the minimum public shareholding norms within the stipulated time period.
At the same time, Sebi has revoked the curbs it had imposed on Plethico as well as its promoters and directors for not achieving the 25 per cent minimum public holding as the firm has been able to achieve compliance.
However, Sebi noted that the compliance was met only at the end of March 2014 as against the deadline of June 3, 2013. “Such delay by the company in complying with the minimum public shareholding norms is not acceptable,” Sebi whole time member Prashant Saran said in an order dated September 3.
“In view of the same, I am of the considered view that the case be referred for adjudication proceedings for adjudicating the company under... the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules,” Saran added.
The regulator said that an "adjudicating officer shall be appointed by Sebi...and such adjudicating officer shall conduct the inquiry in accordance with law".
According, to Sebi, Plethico “did not take concrete steps for achieving compliance with minimum public shareholding requirements and that compliance has been achieved by invocation of pledge of promoters' shares by financial institutions”.
At the same time Sebi said that as the company has now acheived compliance it was "appropriate and reasonable to vacate the directions issued vide the interim order against the company, its promoters and directors".
"...hereby revoke the directions issued vide the interim order dated June 4, 2013 against the company, Plethico Pharmaceuticals Ltd, its directors including Hitesh Thakar, the promoters and promoter group, with immediate effect," the market regulator said.
In the interim order, Sebi had slapped various curbs on over 100 non-compliant firms including Plethico, their promoters and directors for not meeting the norms.
It had frozen the voting rights and corporate benefits of promoters/directors of these companies and barred them from holding new position on boards of listed firms, among others.
As per the shareholding pattern of the company for the quarter-ended March, 2014, the promoters' holding stands reduced to 73.68 per cent and public shareholders were shown as holding 26.32 per cent.
 Advertisements

NDA Cabinet to release dearness allowance hike for all Central Govt employeesNDA Cabinet to release dearness allowance hike for all Central Govt employees
We want to double our reach in 2-3 years: GS SundararajanApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Apple supplier in China accused of abusesYou are here: Home > Collections
Apple supplier in China accused of abuses
AFP Sep 5, 2014, 02.34AM IST
Tags:
Apple
(A Chinese factory that supplies…)
SAN FRANCISCO: A Chinese factory that supplies Apple with parts has been operating with violations of basic standards for health, safety and environmental protection, an investigative report said Thursday.
China Labor Watch and Green America itemized their findings in a 25-page report based on an investigation in August of a Catcher Technology plant in the city of Suqian .
Asked about the report, Apple said that it audits the plant regularly and works with its operators to raise standards and implement best practices.
"Apple is committed to ensuring safe and fair working conditions for everyone in our supply chain," the California-based maker of iPhones, iPads, iPods, and Macintosh computers said in a statement.
"Our suppliers must live up to the toughest standards in the industry if they want to keep doing business with Apple. We know our work is never done, and we are devoted to constant improvement."
Catcher Technology responded to the report with a statement saying, "We are deeply concerned about the claims made by China Labor Watch, and we take the report very seriously. We are committed to following Apple's supplier code of conduct and will investigate thoroughly."
Labor Watch said that an investigation of the Catcher factory early last year turned up similar problems and that the findings were reported privately to Apple, with no apparent improvement in conditions achieved since then.
"The health and safety violations found in this factory two years in a row are startling," said Green America campaigns director Elizabeth O'Connell.
"The lack of safety training in this facility and improper handling of hazardous materials contributes to the risk of life-threatening emergencies."
Catcher is operated by a Taiwan-based parent company of the same name and employs approximately 20,000 workers, according to the report.
The factory was said to make components for an array of companies including Sony, Motorola , Hewlett-Packard , and Dell .
Problems found at the facility included locked safety exits, dumping of industrial waste into rivers, forced overtime, and lack of ventilation, according to the report.
The investigation also found aluminum-magnesium alloy shreddings on the floor and dust particles in the air, posing a health and fire safety risk.
Yet other problems, the report said, included inadequate personal protective equipment for handling toxic materials; workers not participating in fire drills in the past year; hiring discrimination based on age and presence of tattoos; and a lack of safety training for workers.
An annual audit of Catcher operations conducted in May turned up "concrete areas of improvement" and a plan was worked out to correct problems, according to Apple.
A follow-up to check on progress was slated to take place next month, but a team has been dispatched immediately to investigate hazards or abuses listed in the report, Apple said.
Catcher aluminum systems are audited monthly by Apple and consistently exceed international safety standards, according to the California company.
A quarterly fire safety inspection at Catcher last week led to repairs of broken fire extinguishers and the unblocking of fire exits, Apple said.
The hours put in by more than a million workers in the supply chain are tracked weekly by Apple, which said that its information indicated Catcher averaged 95 percent compliance with a 60-hour cap placed on time put in each week.
Catcher was described as one of 160 suppliers enrolled in an Apple training program focused on environment, health, and safety management.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Health cover to be mandatory for expats in S...Health cover to be mandatory for expat families in Saudi Arabia
IANS Sep 5, 2014, 02.32AM IST
Tags:
Health Insurance Council
(Saudi Arabia has begun a…)
RIYADH: Saudi Arabia has begun a process to make health insurance mandatory for the family members of all foreigners in the country, an official said Thursday.
The authorities will achieve this by connecting the insurance with the residency visa of all family members, Arab News quoted Health Insurance Council spokesperson Naif Al-Reefi as saying.
He said the council has coordinated e-linkage with the relevant authorities to strengthen the implementation mechanism which started this month.
The official said that those business owners who did not pay the cooperative health insurance fees on behalf of their workers would be obliged to pay all fees due in addition to paying a fine.
At 2.8 million, Indians account for the largest expatriate community in Saudi Arabia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BP  grossly negligent  in spill  fines could...BP 'grossly negligent' in 2010 US spill, fines could be $18 bn
Reuters Sep 5, 2014, 02.24AM IST
Tags:
BP
(A US judge has decided that…)
HOUSTON/NEW YORK: A US judge has decided that BP Plc was "grossly negligent" and "reckless" in the Gulf of Mexico oil spill four years ago, a ruling that could add nearly $18 billion in fines to more than $42 billion in charges the company took for the worst offshore environmental disaster in US history.
BP said it would appeal Thursday's ruling by US District Judge Carl Barbier in New Orleans, Louisiana, who held a trial without a jury last year to determine who was responsible for the April 20, 2010 rig explosion and spill that killed 11 workers and spewed oil for nearly three months onto the shorelines of several states.
Barbier ruled that BP was mostly at fault and that two other companies in the case, Transocean Ltd and Halliburton , were not as much to blame. The disaster struck when a surge of methane gas known to rig hands as a "kick" sparked an explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon rig as it was drilling the mile-deep Macondo 252 well off Louisiana.
Barbier has yet to assign damages from the spill under the federal Clean Water Act or say how many barrels spilled, but David Uhlmann, a University of Michigan law professor and former chief of the Justice Department's environmental crimes section, said the ruling "dramatically increases" BP's liability for civil penalties under the act.
Previous calculations by Reuters have shown fines could run to $17.6 billion in the costliest scenario under a 'gross negligence' finding. The amount is far more than what the maximum fine could have been under a simple 'negligence' ruling - just $4.5 billion.
"The Court concludes that the discharge of oil 'was the result of gross negligence or willful misconduct' by BP," Barbier said in his written ruling. "BP's conduct was reckless."
In response, BP said it would challenge the ruling because the standard for proving 'gross negligence' was not met. "BP believes that an impartial view of the record does not support the erroneous conclusion reached by the District Court."
A criminal case was settled with the US government in late 2012. BP agreed to pay $4.5 billion in fines.
DIVIDEND SAFE FOR NOW
The case will go on for months or even years with Barbier set to assign damages after a third phase of the civil trial over the accident, scheduled for January 2015. The two earlier phases of the trial looked at how to apportion blame and the second phase examined how much oil spilled.
Shares of BP in the United States fell 5 percent to $45.31, eroding about $8.8 billion of market value. BP shares in London closed down nearly 6 percent, the worst one day slide in more than four years.
BP has already been forced to shrink by selling assets to pay for the cleanup. Those sales erased about a fifth of its earning power and it may be pressured by investors to delay making new investments until the lawsuit is resolved.
In addition to the court case, Philip Adams, analyst at Gimme Credit, said BP is vulnerable to growing tensions between the West and Russia. London-based BP holds a 19.75 percent stake in Russian energy giant Rosneft.
Still, the company had $27.5 billion in cash and equivalents on its balance sheet at the end of the second quarter, and analysts think it will keep paying dividends that yield about 5 percent.
Jason Gammel, an equity analyst at Jefferies in London wrote that even with a maximum fine, BP has sufficient liquidity to meet its obligations. "We would expect a lengthy appeals process first. We thus do not believe there is risk to the current BP dividend."
BP has set aside only $3.5 billion for fines under the Clean Water Act, part of a much broader series of provisions it has taken that exceed $42 billion.
 
PARTNERS PROTECTED
Under federal rules, a gross negligence verdict carries a potential fine of $4,300 per barrel, far higher than the statutory limit on a simple "negligence" of $1,100 per barrel.
BP says 3.26 million barrels leaked from the well and the U.S government says 4.9 million barrels spilled. The fines will exclude about 810,000 barrels collected during cleanup.
The judge apportioned 67 percent of the fault to BP, 30 percent to Transocean, which owned the drillship, and 3 percent to Halliburton, which did cement work on the Macondo well.
Transocean and Halliburton had already limited some of their liability from the spill by reaching settlements.
Barbier is set to assign damages after a third phase of the civil trial, scheduled for January 2015.
Even after the Clean Water Act fines are set, BP may face other bills from a lengthy Natural Resources Damage Assessment, which could require BP to carry out or fund environmental restoration work in the Gulf, and other claims.
Earlier this year, the US Environmental Protection Agency lifted a ban it imposed on BP in late 2012 that excluded it from bidding on new leases in the Gulf of Mexico or acquiring new contracts to supply fuel to the US military.
The civil case is In re: Oil Spill by the Oil Rig "Deepwater Horizon" in the Gulf of Mexico, on April 20, 2010, US District Court, Eastern District of Louisiana, No. 10-md-02179.
FEATURED ARTICLES

When a surgeon accidentally leaves something inside you 
(bigstock)
Other than removing the wrong kidney or something like that, one of the more harmful things a surgeon can do is leave material inside you that doesn't belong there. While rare, "retained surgical items" can cause quite a bit of harm, beyond pain and suffering: readmission, additional surgeries, abscesses, intestinal fistulas, obstructions, visceral perforations and even death.
Studies estimate that this happens once in every 5,500 to 7,000 surgeries; there were 51.4 million in-patient procedures performed in 2010, according to the National Center for Health Statistics. The authors of a new study estimate that a typical hospital has two of these incidents each year.
Not surprisingly, each mistake is costly. In 2007, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services estimated the average price of removing one of these items at $63,631 per hospital stay, and larger settlements in lawsuits can run from $2 million to $5 million.
According to the new study, in the September issue of the Journal of the American College of Surgeons, the item left behind is usually a surgical sponge, those two-inch-by-two-inch or larger squares of gauze used to sop up blood. And, the authors say, technology offers a way to reduce the number of times this happens, which medical officials already are trying to limit via an awareness campaign.
Traditionally, nurses keep track of sponges by counting them before and after surgeries. But sponges can be hard to locate when they are soaked in blood and tucked away out of sight (the most common places they are left are in the abdomen, pelvis, thoracic cavity and vagina), and they are much more hospitable to bacteria than a needle or a drill bit fragment -- two other commonly retained items. Sponges are often lost during emergency surgeries, when there is little time to thoroughly count their use.
In the past, hospitals have turned to X-rays and bar codes to help detect lost material, but the study identified radiofrequency detection systems as the best and most cost-effective way to keep track of sponges. Each piece of gauze has a tiny chip sewn into a pocket and operating room personnel can use a wand or mat at the end of a procedure to detect whether a sponge is left inside. (An even newer system, which identifies each individual sponge with a similar chip, has not been used on a sufficient number of patients to be fully studied.)
A 2012 study from the University of North Carolina found that such technology helped locate 23 sponges left behind in nearly 3,000 patients over 11 months.
"We are firm supporters of adjunct technology, in addition to counting," said Julie Cerese, senior vice president of performance improvement for UHC, an association of nonprofit academic medical centers, which conducted the study. "We want to be very clear that we support counting and the use of adjunct technology to find any retained foreign bodies."
When they looked at 824 reports of sponges that remained inside surgery patients, the authors found that the majority, 525, were left intentionally by surgeons for medical reasons. Forty-one were unintentional; of those, 28 were discovered after the surgeon had closed the surgical cavity. Nine were discovered after the patient had left the operating room but was still recuperating in the hospital, and four were found after the patient was discharged.
In nearly half the cases, the surgeon continued to close the incision despite noting that before and after sponge counts did not match. Cerese said surgeons may continue closing while a recount is being conducted or because it's important to limit the time a patient is under anesthesia.
Between 2006 and 2012, the study found a 93 percent drop in the number of sponges accidentally left in patients at five hospitals that used radiofrequency technology, compared with a 77 percent decrease at places that did not have that method. The high tech method also delivered a steady decline over that time, while other methods produced inconsistent decreases year to year. They estimated that the technology would save a medical center $157,024 in operating room time and X-ray costs, along with $441,534 in medical and legal costs. In contrast, the technology would cost just $191,352 to install and use.
"The process we have used for many years, manual counting, has the potential for error. It just does," said Marilyn Szekendi, director of quality research at UHC and one of the study's authors. "...So these types of technologies just support the clinician."
Lenny Bernstein writes the To Your Health blog. He started as an editor on the Post’s National Desk in 2000 and has worked in Metro and Sports.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national/health-science, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409865035/1409865035000/1409865035 tracking: {authors=Lenny Bernstein, blog_name=to-your-health, content_category=National/health-science, in_url_headline=when-your-surgeon-accidentally-leaves-something-inside-you, post_id=4698, section={section=national/health-science, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 9:10:35 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 9:10:35 PM

Senior UN official stands by Indian commander in standoff withPhilippinesPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:03 am
A day after the UN Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF) in Syria justified the actions of its force commander — Lt General Iqbal Singh Singha — at Golan Heights where 44 Fijian nationals have been captured by a Syrian rebel group, UN’s Under-Secretary-General Herve Ladsous came out in support of the mission leadership on Thursday.
Replying to the Filipino military’s allegations that Singha ordered Filipino peacekeepers in UNDOF to lay down their weapons — thus risking their lives — to ensure the safety of abducted Fiji peacekeepers, Ladsous said the UNDOF leadership did not pass the order.
“Our peacekeepers have shown considerable steadfastness and courage at all levels and I would like in particular to recognise the force commander General Singha, who displayed complete professionalism and strong leadership in making decisions…he is utterly to be commended and I place on the record my full trust in the way he performed his duty,” Ladsous was quoted as saying at a UN press conference.
Replying to questions on whether Filipino troops were ordered “not to resist” the rebel group, Ladsous said there were no such orders.
The UN backing the Indian Lt General is likely to weaken the case of the Filipino military which has demanded probe against the Indian officer’s order during the operation last week.

BJP new team awaits allocation ofworkNew Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:02 am
By: Liz Mathew
BJP president Amit Shah’s plan to re-structure the division of work in the organisation and his hectic schedule to visit the poll-bound states have left the office bearers of the new team workless as they are yet to be allocated charges.
Even as the party has decided to give thrust to strengthening the organisation, Shah is considering giving more responsibilities to general secretaries, a senior party leader said.
“There are proposals to change the work division. The general secretaries and office bearers are expected to take more responsibilities,” he said, adding, “The previous division of work will be re-structured. There will be more specific territorial division of the responsibilities of the general secretaries.”
However, Shah, who has given a clear indication to his new team that his focus will be on strengthening the organisation and spreading it all across the states, has not been able to put his mind into the allocation of work.
The BJP chief had announced his new team of eight general secretaries, four joint secretaries and 14 secretaries on August 16. Since then, he has visited Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala and Maharashtra .
Some of the members of the newly-elected team seem to be disappointed over the delay in allocation of work. “This is a president-centric party. The president has been busy with the election-bound state,” said one general secretary. The BJP has high stakes in the September 13 bypolls in UP as well as in Assembly elections in Maharashtra, Haryana, Jharkhand and J&K due later this year.
BJP sources said even the RSS has decided to give ample space to the party chief and PM Narendra Modi. “So things will move forward only when the party president gets some time to allocate work and responsibilities,” the leader said.

Withdrawal cap in Jan Dhan may deter deposi...Banks
(An account holder is entitled…)
NEW DELHI: A section of bankers in urban areas feel norms for the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) launched recently should be tweaked, arguing that monthly cap of Rs 10,000 a month and a maximum balance of Rs 50,000 during a fiscal could deter many people from opening accounts under the ambitious financial inclusion scheme.
So far, about three crore accounts have been opened under the scheme, which allows a maximum amount of Rs 1 lakh to be deposited in a financial year.
"Once you tell people that they may not be able to withdraw more than Rs 10,000 per month, some fear their money will be locked in case of emergency," said an SBI branch manager, requesting anonymity.
A finance ministry official, however, told ET that accounts opened under the scheme were governed by the Reserve Bank of India's guidelines for 'small accounts'. "We do not expect these small account holders to withdraw more than Rs 10,000 per month," said the official, who did not wish to be identified.
An account holder is entitled to an accidental insurance cover of Rs 1 lakh and an additional life insurance cover of Rs 30,000. The account holder will also be eligible for an overdraft of Rs 5,000 after six months of operation.
"These accounts are being opened for the financially excluded. Our primary concern is that they remain operative," the finance ministry official said, adding that the prescribed limits would also discourage nonintended beneficiaries from taking advantage of the scheme.
Another banker, a branch manager with Punjab National Bank, said beneficiaries of government schemes were apprehensive that if their account had more than Rs 50,000 their money would not be transferred to the account.
"We have received queries whether their name will be struck off from the beneficiary list if they maintain more than Rs 50,000 in their accounts," said the official, who did not wish to be named.
The finance ministry believes banks can upgrade customers if know-your-customer norms are met and there's value in upgrading them to normal accounts.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Season s new phones are all about selfie imageYou are here: Home > Collections > Microsoft
Season's new phones like Lumia 730, Galaxy Note 4, Vibe Z2 and others are all about selfie image
AP Sep 5, 2014, 02.46AM IST
Tags:
Brad Pitt
(Several phones unveiled…)
BERLIN: Visit any tourist destination, and you're bound to see individuals and groups taking photos of themselves for sharing on social media. It's a declaration to the world that they were there.
Pop stars such as Rihanna and Justin Bieber have helped popularize the trend, too, by posting stylized selfies to their leagues of followers. Even politicians are taking selfies with ordinary folks these days as a way of showing how close they are to voters.
So it was only a matter of time before tech companies responded with phones and apps specifically designed to help people take more and better selfies.
Several phones unveiled at the IFA tech show in Berlin this week sport higher-resolution front cameras, so selfies will come out sharper. Some even have apps that let you use the rear cameras, too. That means even clearer photos _ and the use of the flash, if you need it.
Promoting new phones as the perfect selfie camera is a natural move for manufacturers scrambling to stand out.
``The `selfie phone' race resembles the megapixel race for cameras on the back of the phone,'' said Gerrit Schneemann, an analyst at research firm IHS . ``Handset makers try to satisfy a specific use case by including more powerful features in the front camera.''
One of the phones Microsoft announced Thursday, the Lumia 730 , has a 5 megapixel front camera and software to help users touch up their image after taking it.
For even better shots, it'll be possible to take selfies with the 6.7 megapixel camera on the rear. Users won't be able to see themselves on the screen, but an app called Lumia Selfie will use face-detection technology and beep to tell users where to hold the camera.
With a starting price of 199 euros ($258) before taxes, the phone is likely to be particularly attractive to younger buyers and aspiring middle classes in developing countries.
It also fits neatly with Microsoft's stated strategy of prioritizing mobile phones and Internet-based services. The phones come with sizeable online storage space on Microsoft's OneDrive, where users can back up their photos or share them with friends.
Microsoft's announcement follows Samsung's new Galaxy Note phones unveiled Wednesday. The Note 4 and the Note Edge come with a special wide-angle option, which allows users to fit more people into their selfies by stitching multiple images together.
The feature could help avoid bloopers such as the time Oscars host Ellen DeGeneres snapped a selfie with Meryl Streep , Brad Pitt and Jennifer Lawrence but cut out Jared Leto, who had just won an Academy Award but was too far over to the side. Coincidentally or not, Samsung was a sponsor of the Academy Awards, and DeGeneres was using a Samsung phone.
Not to be outdone, PC-maker Lenovo launched its Vibe Z2 and Vibe X2 phones, with 8 megapixel and 5 megapixel front cameras, respectively. The phones will also have a feature that triggers the camera to snap the shot by smiling, blinking or making a ``V'' gesture.
Taiwanese phone manufacturer HTC also unveiled an 8 megapixel front-facing camera for its new Desire 820 device, while China's Huawei can claim to have pioneered the selfie-phone idea earlier this year when it released the Ascend Mate2 4G. The Mate 2 has a 5 megapixel front camera and a wide-angle option similar to Samsung's.
But some are wondering whether users will really embrace the idea of capturing themselves in high resolution.
``I'm not sure people want selfies to be very sophisticated to start with,'' said Steve Jones , a professor of communications at the University of Illinois at Chicago. ``There's something to be said about having selfies be kind of the modern-day version of the Polaroid _ instant, but it has its own look and had its own style.''
For users who don't want to send around high-resolution images of themselves without a bit of prior enhancement, Microsoft's selfie app offers tools that let them make tired eyes bigger, whiten their teeth and slim down like airbrushed models on magazine covers.
Meanwhile, LG wants to take selfies to a whole new place. The South Korean consumer electronics firm presented a refrigerator Thursday that can send pictures of its contents to users while they're out shopping.
That's right, your fridge is soon going to be sending you selfies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

White House Lawn Cleared for Suspicious Packagewhite house lawn cleared for suspicious package
Sensex  Nifty extend record streakApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Infosys  Reliance Industries & ONGC attractive buys despite market highsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Germany struggles to match Silicon ValleySeptember 4, 2014 1:44 pm
German companies struggle to rise to Silicon Valley challenge
By Chris Bryant in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3fe29cce-2846-11e4-9ea9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lego becomes world s biggest toymakerLego becomes world's biggest toymaker
By Alanna Petroff  @AlannaPetroff September 4, 2014: 11:05 AM ET
 
Lego's domination, brick by brick
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Buh-bye Barbie. Hello Lego!
Danish toy manufacturer Lego Group has taken the title of the biggest toymaker in the world in terms of revenue and profit. The popular Lego movie helped propel sales 11% higher in the first six months of the year.
"We are thrilled by the reception of the Lego Movie products," said Lego Group CFO John Goodwin. Sales across Europe, the Americas and Asia increased by double digits compared to the same period in the previous year.
The family-owned business surpassed top competitor, Mattel ( MAT ), which is struggling with slumping global sales and slower demand for Barbie dolls and Fisher-Price toys.
Lego also trounced Hasbro ( HAS ) sales -- reporting revenue that was more than 30% higher than the board-game giant.
The Lego Movie, which was released in February by CNNMoney's parent company, Time Warner ( TWX ), made $69 million in its opening weekend and has grossed nearly $260 million so far, according to Box Office Mojo.
 
I get paid to play with LEGO
Popular Lego sets have been snapped up like hot cakes over the past few months, including a highly-celebrated new set featuring female scientists . The new toy launched in early August and sold out on Lego's website over the course of a weekend.
Now Lego executives are hoping the business momentum will last into the all-important second half of the year.
"The majority of Lego sales ... [happen] in a short time-span of a few weeks leading up to the holiday season," said Goodwin. "It remains to be seen how the line will continue to develop behind the highly anticipated launch of the Lego Movie on DVD in the second half of 2014."
Lego toys have become so popular they've even attracted the attention of big-time criminals . This summer, police departments across the U.S. reported breaking up various Lego theft schemes involving over $300,000 in toys.
Lego Group, which has roughly 12,000 employees, is still owned by the Kirk Kristiansen family that founded it in 1932.

BP faces $18bn fine on negligence rulingLast updated: September 4, 2014 6:18 pm
BP faces $18bn fine on negligence ruling
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/276a40b8-3442-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CCI expands probe into $4 bn Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy merger deal  seeks public scrutinyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Sun Pharma unit recalls mutiple lots of capsules from USApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Allegations of impropriety: Ranjit Sinha has a domestic staff of 22Allegations of impropriety against CBI Director Ranjit Sinha; domestic staff of 22
ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.36AM IST
Tags:
CBI status report
(The purported details spilled…)
NEW DELHI: The head of India's top investigating agency, fighting allegations of impropriety in the Supreme Court, had to put up with the airing of details about his domestic arrangements and was unable to persuade judges to impose a gag order on the media reporting details of entries in his visitors' book. The purported details spilled on Thursday included the number of domestic staff who work for Ranjit Sinha , the embattled director of the Central Bureau of Investigation, which was put at 22.
They include seven cooks, three drivers and one cobbler , according to the affidavit filed by Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL) lawyer Prashant Bhushan. This comes as pressure is intensifying on Sinha to recuse himself from the 2G and coal cases after the entry register showed persons linked to the accused visiting his residence, some of them allegedly late at night.
The CBI director later threatened to sue the NGO over the allegations against him. ACBI spokesperson said: "Bhushan's allegations in an affidavit on oath are false and malicious." Sinha told reporters while leaving his office earlier in the day that he would "recuse myself from the coal case if the Supreme Court orders me to". The Supreme Court will resume hearings on the matter on September 9.
The entry register, which runs into hundreds of pages, was maintained by Indo-Tibetan Border Police personnel, according to the affidavit. Sinha was ITBP director-general before being appointed CBI chief.
The CBI spokesperson refused to respond to questions on the matter, saying that they should be directed to the ITBP.
The bench comprising HL Dattu , set to become Chief Justice of India later this month, and SA Bobde deferred hearing Sinha's objection to the court taking cognisance of the alleged entry register till September 9, when it will decide whether the CBI director should recuse himself from these cases. The names in the register are said to include various people facing charges themselves or linked to those who have cases.
The bench asked Bhushan to submit copies of the entry register through an affidavit so that the court can deal with the issue. These had been produced in support of the demand that Sinha step aside from the 2G case. On Thursday, another NGO, Common Cause, which has challenged the coal block allocations, filed a fresh plea demanding that Sinha recuse himself from that case as well. This fresh application was also filed through Bhushan.
At the start of the much-awaited hearing on Thursday, there were fireworks in court when Sinha's lawyer Vikas Singh accused the media of infringing on the CBI director's "right to privacy and reputation". Singh incidentally is 2G-case accused Shahid Balwa's counsel as well.
Singh demanded a blanket ban on any publishing of material related to the entry register. "This is a huge invasion of privacy. Somebody's reputation is at stake," the senior advocate said. "He is an important functionary of the government. If he meets a dignitary at home, any dignitary, it will be debated. He met them in a personal capacity, in a confidential manner," he said. Dattu rejected this.
"The press has its freedom." Singh also protested against leaks in the media. "These are a matter of concern," he said. "The court must reject these papers," he said, referring to the entry register copies that were submitted in a sealed cover. "The court (should) also ask the petitioner how they procured the material," Singh said.
The court assured him that it would certainly ask the NGO if the documents were procured in a lawful manner. "You will have a say. The heavens are not going to fall in a day or two," Dattu told Singh, who demanded an urgent hearing to clear the CBI director's name. "Pendency of these proceedings will hurt his reputation," the lawyer said. Dattu rejected his pleas, saying that the bench was monitoring the case.
Common Cause said Sinha should be asked to disengage from the coal case. "There are incontrovertible facts in public domain which lead to the inescapable conclusion that it is necessary to remove Sinha from the case for ensuring fair and impartial investigations," it said. "Before spelling out the new revelations, the petitioners would like to enumerate the instances of undue interference on the part of Sinha already on the record of this court."
One accusation was that he tried to change the CBI status report submitted to the court at the behest of the executive, it said. He was also instrumental in repeatedly over-ruling investigative officers and forcing them to desist from registering first information reports or regular cases in instances where preliminary enquiries had been registered, the application alleged.

Panel to draw framework for greenregulatorPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:04 am
The Centre on Thursday decided to form a committee of four ministers to prepare a framework for an independent environmental regulatory authority to monitor compliance of green laws in the country.
Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar, Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari, Power Minister Piyush Goyal and Chemicals and Fertilisers Minister Ananth Kumar have been asked to look at long-standing proposals for creation of a regulator and suggest the most viable structure. The move comes after Supreme Court directed the government to form a regulator in January this year.
The regulator would be tasked with appraising environmental impact assessments for setting up new industries, monitoring the compliance of conditions laid down during granting clearance to projects and prescribing penalties for errant firms.
The proposed regulator will take most of the operational work away from Environment Ministry which will then be left with the job of framing policy guidelines.
The past proposals have been to make the regulator fully autonomous of Environment Ministry, administratively, functionally and financially. It is expected to employ experts who will work on environment regulation full time.
Currently, these jobs are done by ad-hoc committees attached to the MoEF, which meet once a month to clear several, sometimes over 50, projects in a day.

Regular  long term investment key to making money in stock marketYou are here: Home > Collections > Investors
Long term and regular investment key to making good money in the stock market
Nikhil Walavalkar, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 12.30PM IST
Tags:
Charles Merrill
(They are the big institutional…)
MUMBAI: We have all heard the story about the hypothetical match-up between Wall Street whiz kids with fancy degrees and a plethora of analytical tools and the monkey which picks winners.
Economist Burton Malkiel says in his book 'A Random Walk Down Wall Street' that a blindfolded monkey throwing darts at a newspaper's financial pages could select a portfolio that would do just as well as one carefully selected by experts.
The Wall Street Journal tried out an experiment based on this theory and found that the analysts won against the random dart throwers but the margin was not very big. Ever since Charles Merrill (Good Time Charlie) began holding seminars and workshops in post Second World War America to entice American households to invest in the market, experts have been obsessed about the right investing approach.
Do you need full-fledged research and deep analytical understanding to pick out winners? Should you do passive investing if that can help you spot winners and make decent money? Finally, are passive investors better off than the nerdy, analytically-inclined who work with tons of data? There are no easy answers to such questions and they will keep getting discussed as long as stock markets are open and investing gives people an opportunity to beef up their bank balances.
But we at ET tried to approach this from a different angle. It is an article of faith among investors that it is better to buy at the bottom than at the top. Those who do the latter are often derisively referred to as retailwallahs with no sense or understanding of the market, while the brainy ones are supposed to be experts at timing the market.
They are the big institutional investors who swoop in just when stock prices are low and leave just at the time when prices have peaked. Buy low and sell high. Sounds just about right.
Except that it is not as clear cut as that. Our exercise was basically aimed at figuring out how two different approaches to investing worked. Do you do fabulously well if consistently bought stocks at cheap prices? Conversely, are you a dumb investor if you consistently purchased when prices were high? We studied the BSE Sensex at various points in the past 24 years and identified the high and low points for each year.
We then analysed what would happen if two hypothetical individuals invested Rs 1,000 each every year for the past 24 years. One consistently bought at the Sensex's highest point, while the other purchased at the index's lowest point.
According to conventional theory, the smart investor is supposed to have performed better. Though most investors believe that investing in stock markets require an uncanny sense of timing and stock-picking skills, in effect, it's the time spent in the market that's most important. Investors often dream of buying at the lowest price and selling at the highest, something that rarely happens.
 
On the contrary, a disciplined investor who invests regularly in the market, ends up with good money. "You do not have to time the market, investing regularly in equities can give good returns in the long term," says Raamdeo Agrawal, joint managing director, Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
The results of our study bear this out. Even a layman can make money in equity markets if he invests regularly. The smart investor does a lot of research, has an army of professionals to help him, employs the best analytical tools, and more importantly, has loads of luck on the Street.
While the dumb one, however, always buys at the highest point, with the worst possible luck. But look at the results and the difference between the two approaches is not very big. The dumb investor with very little luck would have made a return of 11.54% while the smart investor would have returned 14.82%.
The numbers do not include dividends declared by the constituent companies. Devendra Nevgi, CEO, Zyfin Advisors, says, "A point to note is that the smart investor has done his best and there's little scope to improve his performance. However, the dumb investor has ample scope to improve, as he need not necessarily buy at the highest point each year."
Even if the dumb investor manages to buy a bit lower than the peak each year, his performance numbers will improve. And for this, he needn't employ a battery of resources. An optimistic view on equities can help investors take a staggered exposure to shares over a long period of time. If investors know how to pick stocks, they can improve their performance by beating the benchmark.
"If you cannot pick stocks on your own, give your money to a professional money manager by enrolling in a systematic investment plan in a diversified equity fund or invest in an index fund," Agrawal says.
In the long run, good quality companies can beat the benchmark by a decent margin and, in the process, end up rewarding shareholders. Professional money managers can pick and choose stocks for their portfolios that can outperform the broad markets.
According to Value Research, a mutual fund tracking firm, large-cap funds as a category has given 13.04% returns as against 12% delivered by the BSE Sensex over five years ended September 3.
Investors should look at investing regularly in schemes with long-term track record to generate healthy returns and not just look at timing the market. Even with all the best analysis and the time spent on number crunching, the results may not be spectacular.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Investors Rocket Internet  Kinnevik to make Jabong globalAccel Partners
(Rocket Internet also operates…)
BANGALORE: Online fashion retailer Jabong is opening up a new front in the Indian ecommerce battleground. Its major investors, Germany's Rocket Internet and Swedish investment firm Kinnevik, are merging five of their international fashion ecommerce firms, including Jabong, into a single global entity. This will allow the Delhi-based company to tap into a global knowledge base and also give it access to new and large investors. The combined conglomerate has been named Global Fashion Group (GFG).
Rocket Internet also operates other consumer Internet ventures in India such as furniture e-tailer Fab Furnish and food delivery service firm FoodPanda .
"We are delighted to have joined forces and have created a global fashion giant which is active in four continents. This will lead to an even better experience for us internally but also for our customers. We can rely on common sourcing, outstanding IT competencies and our experiences with private labels," said Praveen Sinha , managing director of Jabong. He, however, declined to provide details of the implications.
Analysts are of the view that the immediate advantage will be in the form of learnings and differentiation in the form of merchandising.
"There's a lot that ecommerce players can learn from firms in other geographies that are ahead on the evolution curve - from customer experience to supply chain," said Neelesh Hundekari , partner at consulting firm AT Kearney. The company can also leverage the global network it has to get exclusive merchandise. "Apart from money, Jabong will also be able to bring in brands of the other companies to India and will also have a global market for its brands," said Arvind Singhal , chairman of retail advisory Technopak.
Kinnevik and Rocket Internet's statement stressed on the online brands that the five entities, all launched in 2011-12, have developed. Jabong, for instance, has launched private labels Lara Karen and Sangria while Southeast Asian site Zalora has launched a namesake in-house brand and another called Ezra.
But the primary and long-term advantage will be in the form of access to capital. "From a capital-raising perspective, it's a good strategy and puts them in the game to compete with Amazon, Flipkart and Alibaba, not just in India but also globally. The main ingredient going forward now will be cash," said Rehan Yar Khan, founder of Orios Venture Partners, which has backed niche apparel portals such as lingerie site Prettysecrets and international market-focused Indian designer wear site Exclusively.in.
Fashion has emerged as one of the most fiercely contested categories in the Indian commerce space. An Accel Partners report said it will see 400% growth in the next three years from $559 million to $2.81 billion by 2016.
After Flipkart's acquisition of fashion ecommerce leader Myntra in May, the combined entity is estimated to have a market share of more than 50% in the online fashion segment. With the $1-billion fund-raising by Flipkart in July, capital is not an immediate concern for the combined entity. Jabong, which is in the second spot, has a market share of about 25%, according to industry estimates.
However, with other large and well-funded players such as Amazon and Snapdeal focusing heavily on fashion, Jabong may soon feel the heat. Fashion has become an important segment for the online mega stores since it provides better margins of about 35%, compared with the less than 5% in the electronics segment. Snapdeal has stated that it expects $1 billion in sales just from fashion next fiscal.
For Rocket Internet, this is another step toward its proposed public offer in Frankfurt , as it now has a single entity that is valued at Rs 21,500 crore (2.7 billion euros), based on the combined valuation of the five entities at the time of their last fund-raising.
GFG will have 4.6 million active customers and more than 7,000 employees and has in total sold goods worth over Rs 3,400 crore (436 million euros) in just the first six months of 2014.
Rocket raised two large rounds of funding in August $445 million from Philippines Long Distance Telephone and $582 million from European Internet firm United Internet.
Its strength in India will only help Rocket's IPO plans. "There is no doubt that India will become a big ecommerce market in the not-so-distant future. A strong presence in India will add to Rocket's overall valuation," said Technopak's Singhal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lava Warning for Residents on Hawaii s Big IslandAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

BJD MP Hamendra Chandra Singh dies four days after suffering heartattackSingh was put on ventilator after he suffered heart attack.
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:25 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 9:08 am
Hemendra Chandra Singh, Biju Janata Dal (BJP) MP from Kandhamal Lok Sabha constituency and scion of Nayagarh royal family, passed away on Thursday night at a private hospital in Bhubaneswar.
Singh, 46, was admitted in a city-based private hospital on Monday after he complained of chest pain and difficulty in breathing. His condition turned critical as he developed multiple organ failure following septicaemia.
He slipped into coma and was put on ventilator. A team of experts from AIIMS examined him and wanted to fly him to New Delhi through Air Ambulance. But it was ruled out after his condition deteriorated.
He is survived by his wife, a son and daughter.
Singh, a fomer Congress leader, had joined BJD before this year’s Lok Sabha election and was given a ticket for Kandhamal. It was his maiden entry to Lok Sabha. A passout from Rajkumar College, Singh was a stockbroker.

Wildlife Groups Sue Feds Over California LoggingAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

India blackouts casts shadow over Modi s economic recoveryIndia blackouts casts shadow over Modi s economic recovery
Andhra Pradesh s new capital around Vijayawada cityBS Reporter |  Hyderabad Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 AM IST
Andhra Pradesh's new capital around Vijayawada city
Govt rejects expert panel's idea of distributed capital functions but proposes decentralised development in the truncated state
The Andhra Pradesh government on Thursday said it would make a new capital city for the truncated state in  the areas around Vijayawada. Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu moved a resolution in the state legislative Assembly to this effect, later endorsed. It said the cabinet at its meeting this Monday had decided that integrated and equitable development of the state would be best served by this decision.
It has proposed to acquire the needed land from farmers  through a land pooling mechanism, encouraging people to participate and benefit from development of a capital city. "As a result the new capital city can proudly call itself a people's capital,”the government said.
ALSO READ: Vizag to get new airport, metro; Petro varsity in East Godawari
According to the AP Reorganisation Act, the state government has the final authority to decide on the new capital but in consultation with the Centre. It is not clear if the Centre was consulted before declaring Vijayawada as the centre around which the new capital would be built.
The five-member Sivaramakrishnan committee on the subject had suggested splitting the capital city’s locations and functions. It had recommended against the idea of a single city hosting the entire capital city functions and strongly recommended distribution of the location of top government offices, including the high court, across various places in the state.
ALSO READ:  5 things to know about Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh's new capital
RISING CITY
Vijayawada is a natural choice for the Andhra Pra-desh government as it draws its political clout from the powerful socio-political alliances based out of this region
An effort to develop a bigger city connecting Vijayawada with nearby Guntur, Tenali, Mangalagiri towns through a VGTM Development Authority was already on to raise the aspirations of these urban centres to become the new capital
VGTM area consists a population of 1.72 million people while that of Krishna and Guntur districts is at 9.4 million, home to some of the most affluent  farming communities
An operational airport at Gannavaram near Vijayawada and availability of ready infrastructure make the government’s job easier to start functioning from this place
Vijayawada is located on the banks of the perennial Krishna river, which can provide the drinking water needs of the future capital city and also provide the right ambience as CM Naidu aspires to develop the city on the lines of some of the world’s beautiful cities
It had termed the Vijayawada-Guntur region as unsuitable for this purpose, owing to the fertile agricultural lands here, among other reasons.
The government said it had decided on a central location but would have a decentralised development model. It proposes to establish different institutions, industries and other projects for each of the 13 districts, partly in acknowledgement of the expert committee’s views.
This plan involves development of three 'mega cities', at Tirupati, Visakhapatnam and Vijayawada, representing the three sub-regions, as well as 14 'smart cities', as decided by the state cabinet earlier this week. In a 20-page statement, the government tentatively listed the projects and institutions to be set up in each district.
Arguing in favour of a new capital city at Vijayawada, the chief minister said his government believed the creation of a world-class city at a central location was essential to create a level playing field for the new state. “As experience from across the world demonstrates, a vibrant capital city can act as a catalyst for economic development for the entire state and become an iconic city that is a source of pride for all the citizens,” Naidu said in the legislative assembly.
Notwithstanding the constitution of the five-member committee headed by K C Sivaramakrishnan, a former Union government secretary, and its views on the new capital, the government had time and again hinted   that its preferred choice was a single city and its location would only be in the Vijayawada-Guntur region. It had even issued directives to all departments for a makeshift arrangement to operate out of Vijayawada, as a temporary capital.
In the resolution endorsed by the Assembly, the government requested the Centre to take all measures required to  correct the disequilibrium created by the state's bifurcation and provide necessary financial and policy support for faster and equitable development.
In recent weeks, opposition parties accused the government of serving real estate interests by promoting speculation in projecting Vijayawada and surrounding areas as the upcoming capital city region.
The course of the assembly proceedings were repeatedly interrupted by the
YSR Congress Party, the lone opposition. It tried to stall the move to introduce a resolution in favour of the new capital city, asking for a detailed discussion on the subject involving all the members.  However, later, party  president and opposition leader in the Assembly, Y S Jagan Mohan Reddy, endorsed the government decision.
It may be recalled that the five-member exert committee constituted by Government of India to examine various alternatives for a new capital for AP had strongly recommended for the distribution of capital functions involving the location of top government offices, including the high court across various locations in the state.
SOMETHING FOR ALL
Some major projects proposed
VISAKHAPATNAM: International airport, Metro rail, IIM, Indian Institute of Foreign Trade, Mega IT hub, new railway zone, electronics manufacturing hub, innovation and incubation hub and Gangavarm L&G Terminal
SRIKAKULAM: New industrial city, Bhavanapadu and Kalingapatnam ports, new airport, School of Planning and Architecture, tourism circuits, open university
VIZIANAGARAM: Greenfield airport, industrial city, tribal university, electronics hardware part, port, music and fine arts academy
EAST GODAVARI DISTRICT: Petroleum University, port, electronics hardware part, Telugu University, L&G terminal, ship building unit
WEST GODAVARI DISTRICT: National Institute of Technology, coal exploration, horticulture research centre
KRISHNA DISTRICT: Upgradation of the existing airport into an international airport facility, oil refinery and cracker unit, Machilipatnam port, VGTM (Vijayawada-Gunture-Tenali-Mangalagiri) Metrorail,agri processing and textile parks
GUNTUR DISTRICT: VGTM Metrorail, agriculture university, AIIMS, National Institute of Disaster Management, airport
PRAKASAM: Donakonda industrial city, University of Mines and Minerals Sciences, airport, national manufacturing investment region
NELLORE: Automobile hub, airport, institute of hotel management, marine institute
CHITTOOR: Tirupati international airport, Kuppam airport, IIT, IT hub and Metrorail
KADAPA: Steel Plant, mineral based industries
KADAPA: Horticulture hub, Central University, satellite centre of AIIMs, electronics and hardware cluster
KURNOOL: new airport, textile and cement clusters, Indian Institute of Information Technology, Nuclear Fuel Complex
 Advertisements

Tragedy Upon Tragedyreddit
What a wrenching loss, not only for Steven Sotloff's family, but for all of us. The young journalist was just 31 years old, doing important work and what he loved in a far off corner of the world. His death feels all the more horrific not just because of the murderers method, but because they made sure the world saw what they could do... again, and with impunity -- at least for now. They are taunting and bragging, and in a most cowardly way.
There is so much in this evil-doing for us, as individuals and as a nation, to do heavy thinking about. In doing so, here's something that should not be overlooked. Young Sotloff's death -- like that of James Foley before it -- sent a chill through every newsroom in America. These indescribably horrid beheadings were meant to send a message to President Obama, however the reverberations hit especially hard with journalists and news gathering operations everywhere.
Every major newspaper editor, wire service manager or network news president heard it loud and clear: Stay away. Keep your people out. It's a message they have heard for a long time, but the stakes are so much more chillingly tangible now.
I'm reminded of the line from Dante's Inferno, "Abandon all hope, ye who enter here." That is why independent, free-press reporting today from most of Syria, and a lot of Iraq, is almost non-existent. These are places where true journalists are desperately needed to bear independent witness -- and report on -- one of the most important stories in the world.  Instead, these will go largely uncovered. Who would send any of their reporters, much less their best ones, on a suicide mission? The terrorists have succeeded in making their corner of hell an enigma to the West. That they are also masters of video propaganda makes the absence of independent journalists all the more glaring and dangerous.
Sotloff, like Foley, was a freelancer, an independent contractor risking his life to tell you what is going on in the most treacherous corners of the Middle East.
The region of Iraq and Syria now controlled by the renegade band of terrorists known as ISIS is without question the most dangerous place in the world for any Westerner, but for Western journalists it is deadly.
So, how can we know what's going on in northern Syria? Western Iraq? We don't and we won't. If you're thinking this is a part of the world, and a conflict, you don't need to care about, I urge you to reconsider. We ignored Afghanistan at our peril. ISIS may make al Qaeda look like an amateur hour. Whether that proves to be true or not over time, it is -- to say the least -- dangerous. And we need all of the on-the-ground reporting by professional honest brokers of information we can get. Understanding this part of the world is critical, especially if we are on the verge of committing to a sustained military engagement.
Sotloff knew it was important. And in pieces like this published last year in Foreign Policy magazine just before his capture, he paints a frightening picture only someone who has been there, who has seen it, can capture.
I didn't know Steven Sotloff or James Foley. But we should all pause and give thanks to their memory, their work and their courage.
More:

Detroit  creditors lay groundwork for fight over bankruptcy plan0
Hold-out creditors remain, including Syncora Guarantee Inc and Financial Guaranty Insurance Co, which backed payments on $1.4 billion of pension debt and are facing recoveries of just 10 cents on the dollar or nothing if the city succeeds in voiding the debt all together. Both bond insurers have argued the plan short changes them while allowing fatter recoveries for others, including the city's retired workers.
The city would spend the $1.7 billion to eradicate blighted buildings, improve public safety services, update information technology and address other neglected areas.
Moore said the initiatives are expected to boost city revenue by $483 million and cut costs by $358 million through mid-2023. That would leave about $877 million to be covered by debt reductions and other funding sources in the city's plan.
While the confirmation hearing on the plan is scheduled to last through Oct. 17, its first four days were consumed by opening statements from plan supporters and opponents, leaving time for testimony from only two witnesses: Moore and Detroit Chief Financial Officer John Hill. Moore is due back on the stand on Monday for continued cross examination.
Detroit had submitted a list of 26 witnesses, including Kevyn Orr, Detroit's state-appointed emergency manager, and the city's mayor, Mike Duggan. One of the city's lawyers has said Detroit may not finish laying out its case until the first week in October.
Judge Steven Rhodes, who is overseeing the case, has allocated each side 85 hours to present their cases.
On Friday, a sealed order was filed in the case, meaning its contents were not publicly disclosed. Previous sealed orders dealt with mediation matters and the judge's bus tour of Detroit.
Hill wrapped up his testimony earlier on Friday with questions from the judge. Hill said that while the plan will not be easy to implement, Detroit has to maintain a "crisis mentality" to ensure it continues to move forward.
An oversight commission that would be created for Detroit once it leaves bankruptcy should include business professionals who will not hesitate to act, he added.
"I believe that pressure will help keep things on track."
(Additional reporting by Lisa Lambert in Washington; editing by Matthew Lewis)

Microsoft launches 3 new smartphones  Lumia 830  735 and 730Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Invest in the Creative Economyreddit
Anyone who steps back and looks clearly and honestly at our current economy knows we're on a slippery slope. Indicators of recovery right now are fragile and, in many cases, illusory. Unemployment numbers generally don't account for the growing ranks of the permanently unemployed. The startling first quarter dip in GDP may have been weather-related, but even if it was, what does that say about our green shoots -- it takes little more than a harsh winter to turn them brown?
The stock market boom seems fragile as well. It depends heavily on financial engineering rather than solid growth in the underlying value of our companies. In other words, our stock prices are rising while almost everything else languishes. The Dow doesn't reflect the stagnation of our industrial and retail markets, yet stock prices continue to rise, at least partly because companies are buying back shares of stock in record numbers. This would suggest the numbers are being artificially boosted. While stock buybacks are likely one of the biggest lynchpins of financial engineering, so are stock splits and increased dividends. Finally, the low-cost of capital and short-term yields make the market appear to be the only place to park one's money.
As Barrons reported earlier this year, "In the fourth quarter of 2013, S&P 500 companies may have bought back nearly $138 billion worth of stock...  if that estimate proves correct as companies file their quarterly disclosures, it'll be the biggest quarter for buybacks since 2007 and a 40% jump from the level a year ago."
That suggests to me companies are worried about how long the latest bubble will last: the equity bubble. Take away the tampering and this boom market could easily turn bear. Why? Because our so-called recovery isn't robust, thanks to a general economy where not enough people have enough discretionary income to spend. Gridlock in Congress has stalled efforts to pump stimulus money into infrastructure jobs, even though the nation is woefully overdue for a major reconstruction: bridges, roads, airports, you name it. Even a well-intentioned push to increase the minimum wage languished. Our private sector needs to step up and lead, and yet too many captains of industry and commerce, along with Wall Street, obsess about short-term appreciation of stock prices -- as those record buybacks testify.
Recently, a friend wrote to me about buybacks: "They look to me like part of a mad chase for yield in a zero interest-rate world. Technically, a buyback provides no yield, yet they are designed to provide immediate stock appreciation." Which is yield in a culture of short-term shareholder value. Well and good, if stock prices were all that mattered. But stock price has become the Maltese Falcon of American business -- a grail we chase and chase to keep our spirits up and convince ourselves the future can still be exceptionally good, at least for those of us who can get our hands on stock. In the end, the Maltese Falcon, though it appeared to be precious, was made of lead.
We're squandering our future obsessing about stock price, hoping that a rising stock market will lift us all out of these doldrums. In other words, the money we're using to pump stock prices would be better used by investing it in the underlying value of those stocks: in R&D for product innovation and higher compensation for employees (outside top managements who are generally overpaid). That's the kind of delayed gratification we need right now: a courageous willingness to wager on the long-term future, not only what's going to happen before this afternoon's closing bell. If it means more money goes into more pockets of the people who are actually laboring to create new value in this country -- the middle class worker -- then let the stock market take a breather. If investment and innovation rise, stock prices will have plenty of time to catch up, as long as we all have the character and the nerve to believe in America's long-term future once again.
Peter Georgescu is the author of The Constant Choice.
Follow Peter A. Georgescu on Twitter: www.twitter.com/petergeorgescu
More:

Controversy-hit CBI chief Ranjit Sinha to exit coal scam probeApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Karnataka government to take action against firms not giving jobs to localsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

BlackBerry fans poke fun at Apple iCloudBlackBerry fans poke fun at Apple iCloud
By Paul R. La Monica  @lamonicabuzz September 4, 2014: 3:20 PM ET
 
Will BlackBerry gain from Apple iCloud woes?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
BlackBerry is the anti-Apple. It doesn't have a new phablet or smartwatch to show off this week or next. So you might think the company would be overshadowed by Samsung, Motorola and Apple and their glitzy product launches.
But you'd be wrong.
Shares of BlackBerry ( BBRY , Tech30 ) rose nearly 3% Wednesday following a similar pop on Tuesday.
Why is the stock doing this well at a time when most consumers view BlackBerry as an antiquated device?
Cue Apple's iCloud security snafu , which some believe was partly responsible for the more than 4% drop in Apple's ( AAPL , Tech30 ) stock Wednesday. It may be helping to fuel BlackBerry's latest rally. Here's why.
BlackBerry is widely acknowledged by many tech experts to have one of the most secure mobile platforms.
Some people on Twitter joked that Jennifer Lawrence would have been better off with a BlackBerry.
That's a big reason why a lot of government agencies and big businesses continue to use BlackBerry devices even as regular consumers have dumped them in favor of iPhones, gadgets running on Google's ( GOOGL , Tech30 ) Android and even handsets that use Microsoft's ( MSFT , Tech30 ) Windows Phone operating system.
But now that Jennifer Lawrence and other celebrities are dealing with the PR nightmare of their nude photos circulating around the Internet due to a hack of their iCloud accounts, it's possible that the company could win new customers ... or, at the very least, regain some of the ones it has lost.
Related: What is the cloud?
Many BlackBerry loyalists took to Twitter to poke fun at Apple and the iCloud and praise the security prowess of the Canadian mobile device company.
"#iCloud gets hacked, it's a funny twitter hashtag. #Blackberry gets hacked...oh wait..@BlackBerry DOESN'T get hacked," DayneB wrote on Monday.
"#icloud hacked...hey companies, suddenly #blackberry doesn't seem so bad again to protect your data," tweeted Kevin Boodhoo on Wednesday.
"If you like highly unsecured apple products then have fun. My #BlackBerry is the most secure mobile network in the world. #icloud garbage," added wisniewskidave .
How safe are you? Check out CNNMone's cybersecurity Flipboard magazine
An image of Robert De Niro and Samuel L. Jackson from Quentin Tarantino's "Jackie Brown" was also a popular meme thanks to a post on TheTechieGuy.com blog. The photo replaced Jackson's quote about the virtues of an AK-47 (did I mention this was Tarantino? By way of Elmore Leonard?) with the following line:
"When you absolutely, positively gotta keep your nude pictures safe .. BlackBerry! Accept no substitutes."
And some users showed their excitement for BlackBerry's upcoming Passport phone, which is going to be unveiled on September 24.
"Hey @BlackBerry! Please gift a #Passport each to the celebrity victims of iCloud hack," quipped Shahriyar Ali .
Still, can BlackBerry really capitalize on the iCloud hack? Or will this all be forgotten by next week when the iPhone 6 takes center stage? The company needs more than just snarky tweets to turn its finances around.
Related: How to keep your naked photos out of hackers' hands
BlackBerry's comeback strategy is based on a hope that the so-called professional consumer, or prosumer, will stick with BlackBerry. So far, CEO John Chen has done a great job convincing investors that the company can remain a viable competitor in the crowded mobile market.
And BlackBerry continues to be one of the surprise market success stories of 2014. The stock is up 45%, making it the second-best performer in CNNMoney's Tech 30 index.
The good news for BlackBerry investors is that things seem to be stabilizing. It has increased its cash position thanks to some real estate sales. Losses are narrowing.
But they are still losses. And sales are expected to keep declining this year and next as well. So not everyone is buying into the notion that Apple's pain is BlackBerry's gain.
"Yes, the 'iCloud hack' is a massive win for BlackBerry. It's called security by not offering any features people will want to use," tweeted Kunal Dua .
The Bard of Hicksville ... and Reader Comment of the Week! I spoke with the CEO of Ciena ( CIEN ) after its earnings report (and disappointing sales outlook) Thursday.
That prompted me to twist a certain song lyric into one of my silly Name that Tune challenges.
"When will you realize Ciena waits for you?" Dtradio was the first to correctly ID Billy Joel as my muse. The song was Vienna. Off "The Stranger" album. I'm from Long Island. I have to know this sort of stuff.
And now the Reader Comment of the Week. While writing about the strong dollar on Tuesday, I had to take a quick break from wonkiness to focus on the pop culture news of the day: the latest legal woes for Justin Bieber. I joked that maybe the Canadian loonie would fall because of Bieber's arrest.
Nick Gwiazda wins my Reader Comment for award for a simple suggestion: a new cryptocurrency. #BiebCoin
Ha! That idea is so ludicrous that it could work. Or shall I say Ludacris? Baby.
First Published: September 4, 2014: 12:13 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Long road still ahead for Vietnam veterans seeking PTSD-related discharge upgradesBy Dan Lamothe September 4 Follow @danlamothe
Soldiers and equipment from the 1st Cavalry Division while in Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War. (Photo courtesy the U.S. Army)
More than 8.7 million Americans served in the U.S. military during the Vietnam War, and more than 3.4 million of them deployed to Southeast Asia in support of it, according to the Department of Veterans Affairs . In a long, bloody conflict marked by jungle warfare and political turmoil, that means large numbers of Americans are still grappling internally with the legacy of the war.
The Defense Department, following a lawsuit this year by Vietnam combat veterans, moved Wednesday to help in a new way. Pentagon leaders said they have issued guidance to military officials who consider petitions for discharge upgrades that potentially pave the way for thousands of veterans coping with post-traumatic stress disorder getting their other-than-honorable discharges upgraded. There are several categories of “bad-paper” discharges, including “dishonorable” and “bad-conduct.”
Veterans today can be given a medical discharge while coping with PTSD, clearing a path for them to receive medical benefits from the VA. But the condition wasn’t recognized until 1980, potentially leaving thousands of Vietnam War veterans out in the process.
“This is our responsibility and the right thing to do for veterans,” said Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, a former Army infantryman who was wounded by a mine in a Vietnamese jungle in 1968 . “This new guidance reflects our commitment to those who served our country during times of war many decades ago.”
The decision follows a lawsuit filed in March by five Vietnam veterans and three veterans’ organizations: Vietnam Veterans of America, Vietnam Veterans of America Connecticut State Council, and the National Veterans Council for Legal Redress. With representation from Yale Law School’s Veterans Legal Services Clinic, they alleged that the military had systematically avoided dealing with petitions for discharge upgrades despite evidence of post-traumatic stress in some applicants.
Hagel said in March that he was personally looking into the case. His move this week had not been forecast, but it was greeted with cheers by at least one veterans’ group.
“This decision will not be a blanket approval for every upgrade request, but it does open an avenue for those veterans who may have been diagnosed with PTSD years after separation to submit new evidence and hopefully correct an injustice from the past,” said John W. Stroud, the national commander of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States organization.
The Pentagon will now likely face scrutiny over how quickly petitions are processed, and what it will do for those affected. The lawsuit said 250,000 Vietnam-era veterans received other-than-honorable discharges, and that 80,000 of them could have post-traumatic stress.
The review boards should give “liberal consideration” to petitions citing post-traumatic stress, according to documents the Pentagon released Wednesday . Special consideration will be given to veterans who are diagnosed by the VA with PTSD or PTSD-related conditions, the documents said, but it left open the possibility of securing a discharge upgrade without it.
But not everyone who applies will get an upgrade. The Pentagon said the review boards should “exercise caution in weighing evidence of mitigation in cases in which serious misconduct precipitated a discharge with a characterization of service under other than honorable conditions.”
The story of one of the veterans who sued is emblematic of what the Pentagon will review. Conley Monk, a Marine veteran, has said he was struggling with nightmares and drugs when his commanders said he could accept a bad-paper discharge or be imprisoned in a military brig in Okinawa, Japan. He chose to go home, but told the Connecticut Mirror in March that he still wakes up in a cold sweat every night, and takes two T-shirts to bed.
“When I was in high school, I worked at the VA hospital in the kitchen as a dishwasher. But after I came home from Vietnam, I couldn’t even get my job back as a dishwasher because of my bad paper,” Monk told the Associated Press in March . “My discharge status has been a lifetime scar. If I were discharged today, my PTSD would be recognized and treated and I wouldn’t be punished for having a service-connected medical condition.”
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world/national-security, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409856503/1409856503000/1409856503 tracking: {authors=Dan Lamothe, blog_name=checkpoint, content_category=World/national-security, in_url_headline=long-road-still-ahead-for-vietnam-veterans-seeking-ptsd-related-discharge-upgrades, post_id=3816, section={section=world/national-security, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 6:48:23 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 6:48:23 PM

Snapdeal  Den Networks enter into a joint ve...You are here: Home > Collections
Snapdeal forms joint venture with Den Networks; collaboration to leverage their respective strengths
Arun Kumar, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 05.52AM IST
Tags:
Den Networks
(The venture will leverage…)
NEW DELHI: Ecommerce company Snapdeal has formed a 50:50 joint venture with Den Networks, India's largest cable TV distribution company that serves 13 million homes in more than 200 cities, to extend its reach to television home shopping audiences.
The venture will leverage the robust distribution network of Den Networks and Snapdeal's wide product range and more than 30,000 vendors, said a person familiar with the development. Den Networks did not respond to queries. Snapdeal could not be immediately reached.
Leading global investors have shown keen interest in this market space in India. The two leading home shopping companies — STAR CJ and Home-Shop18 — operating in India have witnessed sharp growth in their top line.
NW18 HSN Holding, the digital retail arm of Network18, is planning to raise about $75 million through an initial public offer in the US for an equity valuation of about $1 billion. It has filed a prospectus with the US regulator toward this end.
Earlier this year, Providence Group, one of the leading private equity firms that manages about $40 billion, picked up a 50% stake in STAR CJ Networks India Pvt Ltd from STAR group.
CJ O Shopping, the largest home shopping company in South Korea with annual sales of about $4.4 billion in 2013, is its partner in Star CJ.
"This deal would benefit both Snapdeal and Den Networks where Snapdeal gets direct access to millions of households at one go while Den gains from the deep domain expertise of the former to build up a strong revenue stream," said KS Reddy of Advaya Equity Advisors.
The deal creates an entity that could evolve into something similar to USbased QVC, the world largest home shopping company with annual sales of $8.6 billion, which is owned by leading cable television company Liberty Group.
"With this deal, Den Networks seems to be going the QVC way which is the largest home-shopping network in the USA," said a media analyst. The cable company has bought the franchise for the Delhi team in the Indian Soccer League.
"It is building a strong consumer B2C brand by entering the home-shopping network backed by its presence in the cable TV, broadband and football business through owning the franchise in the ISL ," said the analyst.
Snapdeal raised $100 million in May this year in a fifth round of funding. Leading PE firms such as Blackrock, Temsek Holding, Premji Invest had valued the company at $1 billion.
After raising $12 million in its first round of funding in January 2011, the company has so far raised $340 million from PE firms. Started in February 2010 by Kunal Bahl along with Rohit Bansal, the company witnessed phenomenal growth in 2013-14, growing 600%, making it one of the fastest growing e-commerce companies in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aircel plans to buy back telecom towers from...You are here: Home > Collections > Aircel
Aircel plans to buy back previously sold telecom towers to GTL Infrastructure
DEEPALI GUPTA, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.01AM IST
Tags:
Aircel
(The company reached break-even…)
MUMBAI: Malaysia's Maxis-owned Aircel, which has received badly needed cash infusions from its parent over the past few months, is considering buying back the telecom towers it sold in 2010 to GTL Infrastructure, said two people familiar with talks.
"The conversations are preliminary, but there is a thought that it may be better to own the network again, rather than making settlements," said one of the two, referring to compensation for not taking up tower slots as promised. Aircel, reeling under Rs 24,000-crore debt and looking for a suitor until last year, got shareholder loans of more than Rs 6,000 crore in the last eight months, said the second person.
These loans are convertible and more infusions can be expected as the Central Bureau of Investigation case against the majority owner is resolved, he added. The operator used the capital to partly pay outstanding amounts of about Rs 3,000 crore to vendors and GTL Infrastructure as per its earlier commitment.
"It may be worthwhile to buy back the towers instead of paying penalties over committed growth, which was based on forecasts before the 2G scam," said the first person. However, a person familiar with GTL Infrastructure's plans said the company will not be willing to sell back just the 17,000 Aircel towers and would want to also dispose of the remaining 15,000 that it has.
Such a move would need the approval of GTL Infra's creditors as it has covenants as part of the debt res tructuring the company underwent last year. "Even if a sale of the entire company were on the cards it would depend on lenders' consenting," he said.
Aircel didn't respond to emailed queries. In the first half of 2010, Aircel sold 17,000 towers to GTL Infrastructure for.`8,062 crore. It also committed to taking up 20,000 slot tenancies on the GTL towers. However, after November 2010, when investigations were launched into alleged wrongdoing in the allocation of spectrum, telecom companies put a lid on expansion.
An intense tariff war, triggered ahead of planned expansion to grab customers, meant that telecom companies found it unprofitable to operate. As a result, Aircel reduced its footprint in five service areas out of 22 in India in an effort to turn profitable.
The company reached break-even last year, and is focussed on "profitable growth," chief marketing officer Anupam Vasudev said in an interview in December. While the growth pledge made to GTL exposes Aircel to a sizeable penalty for cancelling slots, tower use has been picking up.
"With ICR agreements, the utilisation of the towers is getting better," said the second person cited above, referring to intra-circle roaming pacts, which allow those who don't have 3G licences to enter into alliances with those who do to offer high-speed mobile access to subscribers.
"Plus, if Aircel launches 4G it may be cheaper over five years to buy back the towers than lease out two slots." Aircel, Tata Teleservices, and Reliance Communications, which are trailing in revenue and market share, have agreed among each other to share wireless infrastructure where they have a gap in the network or are running an unprofitable site.
As a result, use per mobile site for the companies has risen. Earlier this year, Aircel launched 4G services in Assam, Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Odisha, Tamil Nadu and Jammu & Kashmir.
The advent of new technologies should translate into higher tenancy for towers, said one of those cited above. Also, the industry has shed its fears about leasing towers from a competitor as was the case three years ago, he added.
India's largest telecom tower company Indus Towers combines the assets of Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular, the top three telecom companies by revenue share. However, the overhang of the CBI case involving Aircel continues to haunt the company.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinese Prez Xi Jinping cancels trip to Paki...You are here: Home > Collections > Islamabad
Chinese President Xi Jinping cancels trip to Pakistan amid political chaos in Islamabad
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.00AM IST
Tags:
Beijing
(The two countries are finalising plans…)
NEW DELHI: Chinese President Xi Jinping has cancelled his mid-September trip to Pakistan amid political chaos in Islamabad, in what could be a strong signal to Beijing's allweather friend that it must get its act together before hosting a big visit.
This would be music to India's ears which had long opposed clubbing of visits to India and Pakistan every time a Chinese President or premier came to the sub-continent. It is no secret that Delhi has strong reservations against the Sino-Pak nuclear axis and Beijing's support for infrastructure projects in Pakistan Occupied Kashmir.
Their decadesold defence partnership has been India's Achilles heel. Xi's visit was crucial for Pakistan, during which a number of economic and defence deals were expected to be signed between the two countries. Xi was scheduled to lay the foundation stone of the Lahore-Karachi motorway section, launch power projects and give final touches to the proposed Pakistan-China railway link.
The two countries are finalising plans to build an economic corridor between China's Xinjiang and Pakistan's Gwadar Port which is being developed by Chinese firms. China has announced $32 billion to be invested in next seven years in various Pakistani projects for infrastructure building and power During the September trip, Xi had planned to visit India and then Pakistan followed by Sri Lanka.
However, his proposed dates were clashed with President Pranab Mukherjee's trip to Vietnam from September 14-17. As India was unwilling to reschedule the President's trip to Hanoi, Xi decided to first visit Pakistan, followed by Sri Lanka and then reach India. This will be Xi's first visit to the subcontinent after taking over as president.
Xi may announce big support for Indian infrastructure sector during his trip from September 17-19. Former High Commissioner G Parthasarathy told ET, "there would have been serious security concerns for a Chinese President to cancel his trip to Pakistan, a close partner for Beijing . By taking this step, he is trying to send a strong signal to Islamabad to strengthen architecture to address security concerns and also control extremist forces."
Xi's security delegation was in Islamabad on Wednesday to review the security situation in the light of the protests, and was not satisfied with the arrangement. Instead, it was suggested that he should visit Lahore instead of Islamabad.
However, his security team did not give clearance for that either. Last month, Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa also cancelled his visit to Pakistan in the wake of the country's political situation. The cancellation was seen as a major blow to the Pakistan government.
FEATURED ARTICLES

On financial inclusion indicators  Goa tops  Gujarat ranks low: SurveyPrint
Written by Sandeep Singh | New Delhi | Posted: September 1, 2014 3:14 am
The Prime Minister’s flagship financial inclusion initiative Jan Dhan Yojana may perhaps find its biggest challenge in Narendra Modi’s home state, Gujarat.
According to a survey of financial inclusion in India funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and conducted by InterMedia India, a Washington-based consulting firm, Gujarat, along with Bihar, Orissa and the North Eastern states, lags significantly on the indicators — owning a bank or mobile money account.
In fact, on two critical indicators — percentage of adults below poverty line having active digital accounts and per cent of rural women with active accounts — Gujarat comes at the bottom with a dismal 13 per cent and 8 per cent respectively. Bihar and Punjab are placed just above Gujarat as per the survey on these two parameters.
On the overall ranking on percentage of adults who ever accessed a bank account, the North Eastern states and Orissa lag the most with 30 and 33 per cent respectively.
Gujarat stands out of the top 10 with 45 per cent of the adults in the sample having a bank account. Bihar, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and West Bengal also come in the bottom half. Uttar Pradesh, however, figures in the top 10 on this indicator.
Goa has been the top performer in financial inclusion across almost all parameters in the survey. States such as Tamil Nadu, Himachal Pradesh, Kerala, Maharashtra, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh have done significantly in terms of enrolling more people into the formal banking system.
Bankers, however, seem upbeat about the Jan Dhan Yojana. “As against covering villages with population of over 2,000 in previous initiatives, the new scheme focusses on covering households across the country,” said KR Kamath, CMD, Punjab National Bank.
When asked why some states have lagged in the past in financial inclusion, Kamath said, “In the past, it had been a supply based financial inclusion and there was no incentive to open an account, which is why some states may have lagged. However, under the new financial inclusion drive, the benefits to be transferred by the government would be flowing into the bank account and hence there is an incentivet. So there will be participation from all states.”
While there is a big gap in the states’ performance on financial inclusion, a senior finance ministry official said, “The new scheme has been structured to provide incentive and while it will help bridge the gap between states it will push overall financial inclusion especially to those in the lowest strata.” The InterMedia survey done with a sample size of 45,024 individuals aged above 15, was conducted in the four month period between October 2013 and January 2014.
While the survey also tracked the success of government’s direct benefit transfer scheme, the survey found that 35 per cent of all beneficiaries receive direct payment whereas a high percentage (45 per cent) have to personally pick up the money.
In several cases the individuals even have to resort to bribing in order to get their payments. Almost 13 per cent (nationally) in the survey continued…

India manufacturingPMI slows marginally in August  but remains  solidNew orders sub-index for India fell to 54.5 from 55.9, still considered a healthy pace of expansion. (Reuters)
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 1, 2014 11:35 am
After a sharp upswing in July, India’s manufacturing sector activity declined marginally in August owing to a fall in output and new domestic orders, an HSBC survey said today.
The HSBC India Manufacturing Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI), a measure of factory production, eased to 52.4 in August from 53 in July, registering a moderation in manufacturing activity, though remaining “solid”.
This is the 10th consecutive monthly improvement in operating conditions in August. A PMI reading above 50 indicates growth while a lower reading means contraction.
“Manufacturing activity moderated following a spurt in the previous month. Output and new orders slowed slightly in August, but remained robust relative to their 12-month history,” HSBC Co-Head of Asian Economic Research Frederic Neumann said.
The slowdown during August looked to be domestically -driven since new export orders (54.5 as against 54.3 in July) registered a marginal rise.
“New export orders rose in August, extending the current sequence of growth to 11 months. Surveyed firms pointed to strengthening demand from key export clients as the main reason behind expansions in foreign business,” HSBC said.
Details within the survey suggest that growth in August was driven mainly by consumer goods, whereas capital goods production suffered during the month.
Conversely, workforce numbers declined for a second successive month in August, albeit at a fractional rate, as the vast majority of survey respondents left recruitment levels unchanged.
On inflation, HSBC said that price pressures remained elevated despite the slight deceleration seen in input prices.
“This is likely to keep the central bank guarded against inflation risks, particularly from the pick-up in demand,” Neumann said.
In the recent monetary policy review, RBI kept policy rate static at 8 per cent citing upside risks to inflation in view of uncertain monsoon and its impact on food production as also volatile international oil prices.

Maruti Suzuki s August sales rise 27 pct to 1 10 776 unitsPrint
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 1, 2014 11:40 am
The country’s largest car-maker Maruti Suzuki India today reported 26.9 per cent increase in its total sales in August at 1,10,776 units as against 87,323 units in the same month of previous year.
Domestic sales during the month stood at 98,304 units, up 29.3 per cent from 76,018 units in August of previous year, Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) said in a statement.
Sales of mini passenger cars, including Alto, A-Star and WagonR were up 8.3 per cent at 34,686 units as against 32,019 units in the previous year.
MSI said during the month, sales of its compact cars, comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire were at 46,759 units as against 30,512 units in the year-ago month, up 53.2 per cent.
Dzire Tour sales were at 1,328 units as against 520 units in August last year, up 114.2 per cent.
Sales of mid-sized sedan SX4 were down by 85.6 per cent to 50 units as against 348 units in August of previous year, the company said.
The company’s sales of utility vehicles, including Ertiga and Gypsy were at 5,491 units as against 4,563 units, up 20.3 per cent.
Van sales, comprising Omni and Eeco were at 9,990 units as compared to 7,956 units in the previous year, up 25.6 per cent, it said.
Exports in August were up 10.3 per cent to 12,472 units from 11,305 units in the same month of previous year, it added.
 

India can get billions of dollars in FDI from Japan: Chanda KochharICICI Bank MD Chanda Kochhar is part of a high-level business delegation that has come to Japan for Narendra Modi's first official bilateral visit as PM.
PTI | Tokyo | Posted: September 1, 2014 3:39 pm
As Prime Minister Narendra Modi promised speedy clearances for Japanese investments, ICICI Bank chief Chanda Kochhar today said India can get billions of dollars of fresh investments from Japan.
Kochhar, who is part of a high-level business delegation that has come here for Modi’s first official visit as Prime Minister, said that ICICI Bank will play a major role in arranging funds for Japanese investments into India.
The areas that can attract such investments include railways, smart city projects, biotechnology, clean energy, electronics and the overall infrastructure space, Kochhar told PTI in an interview here.
“There is a huge potential to increase the fund flows from Japan and the investments can get a major fillip in the wake of Prime Minister’s promise to improve ease of doing business and fast-track the clearances,” said Kochhar, Managing Director and CEO of ICICI Bank.
Asked about the estimated size of fresh investments that can come from Japan into India, Kochhar said: “The figure can be huge and it would definitely be in billions of dollars.
“Japan is currently third largest FDI source for India and still its total FDI into India is only 1.7 per cent of their overall foreign direct investments. Even if this figure goes to 5 per cent, the total investments into India would easily become USD 5 billion.”
She added: “Besides, we are getting only a small percentage of the total assets under management of funds available with Japanese financial institutions. There is huge scope for fresh investments in infrastructure space. The size of investments can be really huge.”
When asked what role ICICI can play, she said: “We can play a very significant role in funding lots of Japanese investments that would come to India. We are working with Japanese Bank of International Cooperation in areas including export credit guarantees.
“All India needs to do is focus on making its business environment more friendly. There is a very big opportunity for expanding Indo-Japan economic relations. They (Japanese investors) are looking for clarity in policy regime and improvement in ease of doing business.”
She added: “Prime Minister has promised to do the needful. He gave an inspiring speech before Japanese and Indian businessmen and said that he has dealt with Japanese investors in a big way during his tenure as Chief Minister of Gujarat. He said that the kind of environment Japanese investors were provided in Gujarat, the same would be replicated at the national level now,” Kochhar said.
 

Nifty creates history  powers past 8 000-markBSE Sensex zooms to new high of 26,867.55.
Agencies | Mumbai | Posted: September 1, 2014 9:45 am | Updated: September 1, 2014 4:25 pm
Continuing their record setting spree, the NSE Nifty breached the 8,000-mark for the first time ever and BSE Sensex logged a new peak on the back of positive economic growth data for the April-June quarter.
The Nifty breached 8,000-mark for first time to close at record close of 8,027.70 while the BSE Sensex ended 229.44 points higher at new record high of 26,867.55.
The economy grew at its fastest pace in more than 2 years in June quarter. The GDP grew at 5.7%, data released on Friday showed.
Experts believe corporate earnings are likely to double over the next 4 years. “Near term, our view is that the Indian equity market would be range bound and may correct around 5% over next 2 months. However, we continue to be bullish on the Indian market and believe that buying on dips is a particularly compelling strategy. Our bullishness is driven by our view that the earnings have turned the corner and we will see earnings doubling over the next 4 years. We think market returns could mirror earnings growth,” BofA-ML said in a note.
In the previous six sessions, the gauge has rallied by 323.96 points.
Among sectoral indices, the BSE Capital Goods (1.96%), BSE Consumer Durables (1.84%) and BSE Metal (1.34%) were trading in the green. Among individual stocks, L&T (2.62%), Hero Motocorp (2.57%) and GAIL (2.30%) were among the major gainers.
Larsen & Toubro , Hindalco, State Bank of India (SBI) , Maruti Suzuki India , ICICI Bank, Reliance Ind, HeroMoto, Bharti Airtel, Dr Reddy, Bajaj Auto, Coal India, Tata Motors, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) , Tata Steel, Infosys and Wipro were among prominent gainers that supported the indices to hit record highs.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng shed 0.15 per cent, while Japan’s Nikkei gained 0.19 per cent in early trade today.
 

Re-auction coal blocks but save 46: Government to Supreme CourtThe government also said that 46 of these blocks could, however, be exempted from the cancellation.
New Delhi | Posted: September 2, 2014 5:37 am
In a pragmatic move, the Centre on Monday told the Supreme Court it had no problem with cancelling all extant coal mine leases among the 218 ones declared illegal by the court last week and that it was willing to auction these blocks afresh. But the government pleaded that it be given the discretion to deal with the aftermath of such a decision expeditiously.
The government also said that 46 of these blocks could, however, be exempted from the cancellation exercise given that 40 of them have already begun production (with their end-use plants in place) and the rest are about to commence operations.
While both the court and the government seemed aware of the economic ramifications of an inefficient handling of the imbroglio, the government suggested that the court could ask the companies operating the 40 functional blocks to compensate the government for the CAG-estimated loss to the exchequer of R295 per tonne. They could also be told to enter into fresh power purchase agreements with utilities so that the power produced from these blocks are sold at sub-market prices, factoring in the benefit captive coal, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi told the bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha. The government would submit details of operational mines to the court shortly.
The price of e-auction coal (which the power plants with captive coal will have to resort to in case of deallocation), is three times that of captive coal while imported coal at current prices could be five times more expensive.
Out of the 218 captive blocks that the SC deemed illegal, 105 belong to private companies. Of these, industry sources say 42 blocks are operational and they already produce around 53 million tonnes (mt) of coal, less than 10% of the country’s total output of the fuel. As per an estimate, captive blocks allocated so far were expected to produce 100 mt of coal by 2017.
Among the coal blocks currently under production are those belonging to private firms like Jindal Steel and Power (Gare Palma IV/1), its subsidiary Jindal Power (Gare Palma IV/2 & 3), Hindalco Industries (Talabira-I), CESC (Sarshatali), Monnet Ispat and Energy (Gare Palma IV/5), and Sarda Energy (Gare Palma IV/7).
Public sector companies producing coal from allocated mines include SAIL (Tasra), Damodar Valley Corporation (Barjora North) and West Bengal Power Development Corporation ( Barjore).
Posting the matter for further hearing on September 9, the court asked the coal ministry and the three industry associations concerned — the Coal Producers Association, Sponge Iron Manufacturers Association and Independent Power Producers Association of India — to file affidavits stating their respective stand in light of last week’s judgment.
During the hearing, the SC bench observed that “the Union is very clear that auction should take place. They are very clear that all the continued…

United Bank slaps wilful defaulter tag on Mallya  three KFA directorsPrint
Kolkata | Posted: September 2, 2014 5:46 am
Public sector lender United Bank of India on Monday declared Kingfisher Airlines chairman Vijay Mallya and three other directors of the grounded airline ‘wilful defaulters’.
The lender is the first bank in the country to declare Mallya a wilful defaulter. “We declared Mallya and three other directors of Kingfisher Airlines as wilful defaulters after no one from the company turned up before our internal committee this morning,” United Bank of India executive director Deepak Narang told FE.
The bank had asked Mallya and all other directors of the carrier to appear before its internal grievances redressal committee at 10.30 am. Apart from Mallya, the bank declared Subhash R Gupte, AK Ravi Nedungadi and A . Ganguly as wilful defaulters. Gupte and Nedungadi resigned from the board of directors of the beleaguered air carrier this year, while Ganguly, who was an independent director on the board, quit the company in 2012. “We will now inform the RBI and Sebi about our decision and follow necessary procedures,” said Narang.
Once a person is listed as a wilful defaulter, no additional loan is extended to him by any bank or financial institution.
“Now, the Kingfisher board should force them (Mallya and three other directors) to step down as they can’t raise money for the company,” Narang added.
A borrower is a wilful defaulter if he has not met repayment obligations even when he has the capacity to do so or has not utilised the money from the lender for the specific purposes for which finance was availed of, and instead has diverted the funds for other purposes.
Significantly, the Calcutta High Court on last Thursday dismissed an appeal by Kingfisher Airlines against a trial court order that Mallya and the board of directors may be represented by its law officers or company secretary in the wilful defaulter case.
A division bench, comprising Justice Jayanta Biswas and Justice Iswar Chandra Das, dismissed the appeal of the grounded airlines. The airline had, in the petition, prayed for withdrawal of the notice of wilful default by the public sector bank and that they be allowed a personal hearing along with legal representative on the issue. Earlier, the bank asked Mallya to appear before its internal committee or send a representatives to defend himself.
But Kingfisher Airlines moved the Calcutta High Court, challenging the communication from the bank. Cracking down on Kingfisher Airlines for non-payment of over R300-crore outstanding dues, the bank had issued wilful defaulter notice to the liquor baron along with directors of the company in May this year.

Indian stock markets to double in 4 yearsPrint
Posted: September 2, 2014 5:40 am
While the Nifty soared past the 8,000 mark on Monday and stocks hit lifetime highs on the back of encouraging economic data, experts believe there’s room for more upside, reports fe Bureau in Mumbai. A BofA-ML report said markets are likely to double from current levels in the next four years, tracking the trajectory of corporate earnings in the same period. India’s GDP growth for the three months to June came in at 5.7%, the fastest rise in 10 quarters, up from 4.6% in the January-March period.
“Our bullishness is driven by our view that the earnings have turned the corner and we will see earnings doubling over the next four years. We think market returns could mirror earnings growth,” BofA-ML wrote on Monday.
The brokerage believes that while market returns have outpaced earnings growth in the past, in the current rally earnings and markets will move in tandem on account of higher valuations. “In the four years from FY02-06, earnings more than doubled for the Indian markets and for the six years to FY08 earnings tripled. During the same period markets tripled between FY02-06 and went up 5x between FY02-08. In this cycle, market returns far exceeded earnings growth since we started with a low PE of 7x and hence saw the PE re-rating as well. We are presently at PE levels of 15x already and hence market returns to mirror earnings growth,” the report added.

No compromise on good governance norms: SebiPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 2, 2014 11:03 am
Unperturbed by the industry’s intense lobbying, markets regulator Sebi has said listed companies must follow higher corporate governance standards and there will be no dilution to the new norms kicking in from next month.
At the same time, the regulator’s doors are open if firms want to discuss any apprehensions they might have and those can be resolved to help them adapt to the new regulations, Sebi chairman UK Sinha said. He made it clear that there can be no compromise on safeguarding the interest of investors, adding this was of paramount importance in the new corporate governance norms coming to effect from October 1.
The new regulations give more powers to minority shareholders on various issues such as related party transactions, appointment of directors and CEO salaries, while listed companies would also have to mandatorily appoint a woman director and put in place whistleblower mechanism.

Lokpal search panel gets freedom of choiceNEW DELHI, September 3, 2014
Updated: September 4, 2014 01:58 IST
Lokpal search panel gets freedom of choice
Krishnadas Rajagopal
safety of citizens
The Department of Personnel and Training has notified amendments giving autonomy to the Lokpal search committee to shortlist and recommend names independently for selection of Chairman and members of the anti-corruption body.
The amendments act as a course correction after the former Supreme Court judge Justice K.T. Thomas opted out from heading the search committee in March 2014, citing lack of autonomy.
Eminent jurist Fali Nariman too had turned down the post of a member of the panel for that reason.
Justice Thomas had objected to the provision that the search committee should only shortlist candidates from a list provided by the department.
The amendment made in Rule 10 of the Search Committee Rules removed this roadblock by omitting the words “from among the list of persons provided by the Central Government in the Department of Personnel and Training.”
This has come after a Supreme Court Bench, led by Chief Justice of India R.M. Lodha, criticised the government for delaying the process of appointing a Lokpal.
“The amendments usher in the proper democratic process for the Lokpal and it ensures that the appointment process is not loaded in favour of the government in power,” Attorney-General Mukul Rohatgi told The Hindu on Wednesday.
He said the amended process, giving the Search Committee full autonomy, was “more dignified.”
The amendments have been brought about on the recommendations of a three-member committee headed by Mr. Rohatgi.
Thomas’ view
The former Supreme Court judge Justice K.T. Thomas, who resigned as Chairman of the committee citing lack of freedom, told The Hindu that the amendments were a “progressive departure” and a “step in the right direction” from the earlier version. But he said the amendments still only addressed half the concerns raised by him. He said though the Search Committee was free to shortlist names for Lokpal, its recommendations could still be vetoed by the Selection Committee.
He was referring to a proviso to Section 4 (3) of the Lokpal Act, allowing the Selection Committee to “consider any person other than the persons recommended by the Search Committee.” He said a statutory amendment was required to “correct” this.
“The Search Committee needs to have some value. The committee searches out and recommends names, but these names can be vetoed by the Selection Committee. If this proviso continues, the Search Committee continues to be a mute spectator,” Justice Thomas said.
He said the law should prescribe the Selection Committee to put on record the reason for vetoing names suggested by the Search Committee.
“The Supreme Court judgment in the appointment of P.J. Thomas as Chief Vigilance Commissioner declares that if the high-level committee led by the PM overrules an objection of Leader of Opposition to a particular candidate, the reasons for doing so should be put on record. The same principle should apply here too,” Justice Thomas said.

China woes will hurt Yum Brands  3rd quarterYum Brands slumps on China woes
By: Gary Strauss September 3, 2014 6:00 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AFP/Getty
Yum Brands YUM  dropped $2.53 to $68.95  (3.5%) in after hours trading Wednesday after the fast food chain said third-quarter revenue would be impacted by a sales slowdown in China, it’s biggest market.
Yum, which operates Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and KFC,  said it has experienced “significant, negative impact” since publicity surfaced in July over improper food handling practices by former meat supplier Shanghai Husi, according to corporate filings. Shanghai Husi allegedly sold meat beyond its expiration date.
The company expects same store sales in China to fall 13% over the year ago quarter. Yum operates 6,200 outlets in China, mostly KFC and Pizza Hut stores, which generated $6.9 billion in 2013 revenue and $777 million in operating profits.
Yum Brands had similar woes in the third quarter of 2013, when profits sank 68% and revenue slipped 4%  as it struggled to recover from chicken supply issues and a bird flu scare.  Shares had bounced back from a 52-week low of $64.08 last September, rising to $83.58 by July 14.  But since then, Yum’s off 17.5%.
Follow Strauss on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

Al Qaeda announces India wing  renews loyalty to Taliban chiefact of terror
Al Qaeda leader Ayman al Zawahiri on Wednesday announced the formation of an Indian branch of his militant group he said would spread Islamic rule and "raise the flag of jihad" across the subcontinent.
In a 55-minute video posted online, Zawahiri also renewed a longstanding vow of loyalty to Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Omar, in an apparent snub to the Islamic State armed group challenging al Qaeda for leadership of transnational Islamist militancy.
Zawahiri described the formation of "Al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent" as a glad tidings for Muslims "in Burma, Bangladesh, Assam, Gujurat, Ahmedabad, and Kashmir" and said the new wing would rescue Muslims there from injustice and oppression.
Counter-terrorism experts say al Qaeda's ageing leaders are struggling to compete for recruits with Islamic State, which has galvanised young followers around the world by carving out tracts of territory across the Iraq-Syria border.
Islamic State leader Abu Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi calls himself a "caliph" or head of state and has demanded the loyalty of all Muslims.
The group fell out with Zawahiri in 2013 over its expansion into Syria, where Baghdadi's followers have carried out beheadings, crucifixions, and mass executions.
As well being an indirect repudiation of Islamic State, the announcement could pose a challenge to India's new Prime Minister, Narendra Modi. He has already faced criticism for remaining silent about several incidents deemed anti-Muslim, underscoring fears that his Hindu nationalist followers will upset religious relations in the majority Hindu nation.
However, while al Qaeda is very much at home in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border area, due to influential contacts and a long presence there, it is a minnow compared to local militant groups in terms of manpower and regional knowledge.
Safe haven
Over the years Zawahiri and his predecessor Osama bin Laden, killed by U.S. forces in 2011, repeatedly pledged allegiance to Mullah Omar, in return for the safe haven he granted their followers in Afghanistan.
The statement did not mention Islamic State or Baghdadi, but it appear to take a subtle dig at the group's efforts at administering areas it has seized in Iraq and Syria.
Islamic State's effort at state-building is something never attempted by al Qaeda's central leaders, who traditionally have preferred to plot complex attacks on targets in the West.
Zawahri called for unity among militants and criticised "discord" — echoing a common al Qaeda complaint against Islamic State's record of clashing with rival Islamist groups in Syria.
The statement also warned al Qaeda's new wing against oppressing local populations — another complaint levelled against Islamic State by critics in Iraq and Syria.
"If you said that you are doing jihad to defend the sanctities of the Muslims, then you must not transgress against them or their money or honour, and not even transgress your mujahideen brothers by word and action," he said.
"Discord is a curse and torment, and disgrace for the believers and glory for the disbelievers," he said. "If you say that by your jihad you do not want but the pleasure of Allah, then you must not race for governance and leadership at the first opportunity."
Muslims account for 15 percent of Indians but, numbering an estimated 175 million, theirs is the third-largest Muslim population in the world.

Cameron prepares ground for military action in IraqUpdated: September 4, 2014 20:25 IST
Cameron prepares ground for military action in Iraq
Parvathi Menon
REUTERS Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron pauses during a television interview in Wales on Thursday, September 4, 2014.
TOPICS
conflict (general)
The policy of military non-intervention in Iraq thus far pursued by the David Cameron-led coalition government may change as the U.K. government seeks to shape a suitable response to the threat posed by the jihadist Islamic State.
In a joint article published in The Times to mark the start of the two-day NATO Summit being held in Wales, Mr. Cameron and United States President Barrack Obama have called for countries to abandon an “isolationist approach” to conflict in the 21st century.
The meeting comes in the immediate aftermath of the execution of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff — beheadings that were put on YouTube by the Islamic outfit with threats to behead a British aid worker next.
“Countries like Britain and America will not be cowed by barbaric killers,” the heads of state write. “We will be more forthright in the defence of our values, not least because a world of greater freedom is a fundamental part of how we keep our own people safe.”
Britain has refused to pay ransom to terrorist groups for the release of hostages. The British-accented black-clad jihadist, who claimed responsibility for the beheading of Mr. Foley, appeared in the Sotloff video as well. According to The Times, which quoted an international forensic company, the beheading of Sotloff took place off camera.
Both Ed Miliband, leader of the Labour Party, and Nick Clegg, Deputy Prime Minister and leader of the Lib Dems, have signalled their support for military air strikes against IS bases in the wake of the hostage crisis. Mr. Cameron has been reported as telling two days ago that he could initiate military action without the approval of Parliament, if it was in the national interest.
The aid worker whose life is now under threat is from Scotland and a father with two children. As U.S. intelligence is to launch a massive manhunt for “jihadi John” and Britain’s special forces are on alert to rescue the 44-year old aid worker who was captured in northern Syria 19 month ago.
In their joint article, Mr. Cameron and Mr. Obama also condemn Russia’s “illegal, self-declared annexation of Crimea and its troops on Ukrainian soil threatening a sovereign nation state.”
Russian President Vladmir Putin's seven­point peace plan for Ukraine will also be discussed at the Summit.

Esurance removes Chicago billboard with inappropriate error0
Brandt, who said in an email he had been away from social media for a few days, said the doctored photo – which took about 30 seconds to alter – was the last thing he posted before bed Tuesday night. He said he didn’t notice the picture was getting so much attention until co-workers began sharing articles about the photo on social media.
“My initial reaction was to be upset for not receiving credit, but then I realized that it was most likely not a malicious or plagiaristic act,” he said in an email response.
He added that it was “unsettling” people found it so amusing and that some were even demanding an apology from Esurance. He also was surprised media outlets reported on the photo.
“After you Photoshop something and have it end up [in the media], the slightest trust that you still had in the media is now lost,” he said.
The photo gained attention on social media after Brandt's pal Sharlene King (@typodactyl) shared it on Wednesday thinking it was real, and received more than 1,500 retweets. Reached by phone Thursday, King said she found the photo on Brandt’s  Instagram  account and shared it for fun, chiding the official Esurance twitter account (@esurance) that it should be careful with its “kerning” – a typographical term for the spacing between letters. 
“I guess I should have known with the Internet, everyone loves a good dick joke,” she said of the attention the tweet received. Several media outlets,  including sports blog Deadspin  and  RedEye , called attention to the tweet.
Esurance’s official Twitter account on Wednesday responded to King’s tweet, saying “all affected” billboards have been removed. However, Miller said the tweet was referencing a separate issue. That had to do with concerns the sign at Randolph and Canal as well as four others in Chicago could be read “differently” if viewed from afar. That prompted the company to remove all five signs in late July. 
Want more? Discuss this article and others on RedEye's Facebook page . 

No near-term triggers  United Spirits ends flatNo near-term triggers  United Spirits ends flat
Despite headwinds  analysts remain bullish on DLFDespite headwinds  analysts remain bullish on DLF
Skilling is key to India s growth: Ficci-KPM...demographic dividend
(Skilling is critical for…)
MUMBAI: Skilling is critical for a market like India to reap the benefits of its demographic dividend and shape future growth. A Ficci-KPMG white paper titled, 'Skilling India - A Look Back at the Progress, Challenges and the Way Forward', released on Thursday, drives this home.
"India is turning out to be a high growth market, which will need employment in a big way. Also, with an ageing world population, young India has an opportunity to be the global supplier of manpower," says Narayanan Ramaswamy, partner and head, education and skill development, KPMG in India, in a release. "There is a strong intent from the new government to get all stakeholders aligned to the new ecosystem. However, coordination remains a key challenge. Clearly we need more action on the ground," adds A Didar Singh, Ficci secretary general .
Here are some recommendations from the whitepaper:
>> Need to create large-scale awareness among the youth of the country with the onus on its various stakeholders. A combined effort from the governments at the state levels and the Centre is required.
>> The industrial sector needs to be educated about the benefits of skilled personnel. Schools can also play an important role in disseminating awareness about career paths to students should they choose to take up vocational courses.
>> Policymakers need to recognise the structural strengthening of the ecosystem by introducing enabling policies such as, Minimum Wages Act, Labor Laws, and Apprenticeship Act.
>> Empowering key stakeholders such as National Skill Development Corporation of India, Sector Skill Councils, State Skill Missions, Training Providers and others.
>> Need to revamp skill development strategies with a focus on industry and an attempt to balance labour force demand and supply.
>> An integrated effort from employers, training providers and government bodies like panchayats to train the people at the migration source - cluster level or a specific geography - could help mobilise people to take up training. This would help to tackle the challenges related to migrating unskilled workforce.
>> Sectors like handlooms and handicrafts need an ecosystem to sustain themselves.
>> With a projected 500 million trained work force, a fine balance between quality and quantity is vital to create credible and sustainable reforms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

With skill and fairness towards allHe handled the most difficult of cases for the government and maintained a thorough resolution-oriented approach. It was nothing less than statesmanship. Source PTI
Written by Vivek Krishna Tankha | Posted: September 4, 2014 12:17 am | Updated: September 4, 2014 6:03 am
Vahanvati was the counsel for government in what was probably the most difficult time for any government before the Supreme Court.
How do you write a reminiscence of a great lawyer friend upon his untimely death, when he was more lively than almost all of his contemporaries and larger-than-life in his grace, etiquette and court mannerisms? How do you remember a soul who meant ill of none, who was poised and calm in the most difficult of matters to defend, and who remained so throughout his life?
How do you not weep in your heart, but not help a smile, thinking of the man who lived the “If” of Rudyard Kipling, where it reads: If you can keep your head when all about you,/ Are losing theirs and blaming it on you,/ If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you,/ But make allowance for their doubting too.
Goolam was the former attorney general, former solicitor general and former advocate general of Maharashtra, but ask me and I will unhesitatingly say, Goolam was more “general” than anything else. Ask the students of the National Law Institute University, Bhopal, who were charmed by what was probably his last public speech during the valedictory of a moot court earlier this year, or junior counsels who got to work with him, and they will readily tell you that Goolam was a man who never lost the common touch.
Goolam made his way up through ardent struggle and with the sheer dint of enterprise more than anything else. He was a hard-worker — sharing briefs with him as an additional solicitor general while he was attorney general, I could see how meticulous his notes were, and how well prepared he would appear. He was a man of fine detail and a lawyer of great industry. For example, in Chief Justice S.H. Kapadia’s court, even in “covered” income tax matters he would have the tax effect, the assessment year and the nature of exemption claimed or type of work done by the assessee on his fingertips; no matter if he had over 25 briefs a day.
While my association with Goolam was rather short, the deep loss from his untimely demise makes me feel as if I had known him my entire life. Curiously, we were advocate generals almost for a coinciding period and moved to the Supreme Court almost at the same time. I, however, had first met him at the Bombay High Court when, as the advocate general of Madhya Pradesh, I had to defend some very high-stake property disputes on behalf of the state of MP. In our search for a fine counsel, we probably chose one continued…

Missing a defence ministerThe issues that need attention range from the armed forces’ poor material state to frayed civil-military relations.
Written by C Uday Bhaskar | Posted: September 4, 2014 12:15 am
The Narendra Modi government is under a 100-day review. The manner in which defence and related military challenges have been addressed is instructive of the complex issues ahead.
Prime Minister Modi got off to a visually spectacular start when he made his maiden defence-related visit to the aircraft carrier, INS Vikramaditya, less than a month after being sworn in. He sailed down the coast of Goa and recalled India’s rich but long-neglected maritime heritage and assured the armed forces that their many inadequacies would be addressed. He assured veterans that the long-festering “one rank, one pension” issue would be resolved in a satisfactory manner. Maintaining this tempo, the PM commissioned INS Kolkata, an indigenously designed and built warship, visited Leh and addressed the troops there, and exhorted the scientists of the DRDO to work with greater dedication to enhance India’s indigenous defence production capability. For a 100-day period, this is an impressive track record.
But the challenge lies in implementing new policies in the ministry of defence and addressing the many imbalances that were inherited from the UPA. The greatest handicap is the absence of a full-time defence minister. Though undoubtedly competent, Arun Jaitley can only do so much.
The spectrum of issues that need urgent attention range from the poor material state of all three armed forces, particularly the shrinking ammunition stocks of the army, and a burgeoning import bill with no credible alternative to frayed civil-military relations and the disturbing perception of a decline in moral fibre of the military.
The professionalism and apolitical character of the military has been a distinctive characteristic that has enabled the Indian democratic trajectory. This was perhaps most evident during the Emergency, when the military apex refused to be co-opted into the constitutional excesses that were at play.
Paradoxically, the challenge of higher defence management received progressively less political attention and some of the revelations in recently published books point to petulant impulsiveness as the defining trait of higher defence decision-making. Sri Lanka and the IPKF is a case in point. The normative compulsion was replaced by what may be best described as the Bofors-HDW syndrome, where scandals and charges of turpitude at the highest levels of government became the dominant perception.
The transition from Rajiv Gandhi to the current incumbent marks a quarter century and the challenge for the 100-day-old Modi government is herculean — the defence/ military stables have to be cleaned, the entire edifice of the management of national security has to be comprehensively reviewed and rearranged.
A brief review of the military challenges of the last three months reveals the following. The Supreme Court found it necessary to caution the government for the manner in which it had dealt with the sale of non-service pattern weapons by senior army officers. A continued…

92 women raped in India every day  4 cases in DelhiApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Rahul Gandhi s young turks target old guard  meet Janardan DwivediApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Goldman to issue its first Islamic bondSeptember 4, 2014 5:24 pm
Goldman Sachs to issue its first Islamic bond
By Simeon Kerr in Dubai and Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1af110fe-3448-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Forex - GBP/USD drops on advancing U.S. service-sector reportSep 04, 2014, 10.04 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Forex - GBP/USD drops on advancing U.S. service-sector report
Forex - GBP/USD drops on advancing U.S. service-sector report
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Forex - GBP/USD drops on advancing U.S. service-sector report
Forex - GBP/USD drops on advancing U.S. service-sector report
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The pound traded near session lows against the dollar on Thursday after data revealed the U.S. service sector was far busier in August than markets were expecting.
In U.S. trading on Thursday, GBP/USD was down 0.68% at 1.6348 up from a session low of 1.6345 and off a high of 1.6466.
Cable was likely to find support at 1.6250, the low from Feb, 5, and resistance at 1.6644, Monday's high.
The U.S. services sector grew at its strongest pace in August since 2005.
The Institute for Supply Management reported earlier that its services index rose to 59.6 in August from 58.7 in July, far surpassing market forecasts for a downtick to 57.5.
A reading above 50 indicates expansion in the sector, and the index offset lackluster U.S. employment data.
The Labor Department reported that the number of individuals filing for first-time unemployment assistance in the U.S. last week rose by 4,000 to 302,000 from the previous week's total of 298,000.
Analysts had expected jobless claims to rise by 2,000 to 300,000 last week.
Elsewhere, payroll processor ADP reported that its nonfarm payrolls report showed that the private sector added 204,000 jobs in August, missing expectations for jobs growth of 220,000.
At the same time data showed that the U.S. trade deficit narrowed to the lowest in six months in July.
Meanwhile in the U.K., the Bank of England voted to keep interest rates on hold at 0.5% and to keep the size of its asset purchase program unchanged at £375 billion.
The minutes of the meeting, due to be published in two weeks, would indicate how many monetary policy committee members voted in favor of a rate hike. The MPC was split last month, with two members voting in favor of a rate increase and two against.
The pound remained under pressure from concerns that support for Scottish independence is gaining momentum ahead of a referendum due to take place on Sept. 18.
Elsewhere, sterling was up against the euro, with EUR/GBP down 0.93% at 0.7914, and down against the yen, with GBP/JPY down 0.22% at 172.22.
The euro came under heavy selling pressure after the European Central Bank trimmed its benchmark interest rate to a record-low 0.05% from 0.15%, surprising many market analysts who had expected no change.
The central bank also lowered its deposit facility rate to -0.20% from -0.10% previously and its marginal lending rate to 0.30% from 0.40%.
The euro extended losses after ECB President Mario Draghi said the bank will begin an asset-backed securities purchasing program to shore up the recovery and steer the continent away from deflationary decline.
Draghi did not say how much debt the ECB planned to purchase, as further details will emerge in October.
The ECB cut its forecast for growth this year to 0.9% down from 1.0% previously and cut the forecast for 2015 to 1.6% from 1.7%. The bank also lowered its inflation forecast for this year to 0.6% from 0.7% in June.
On Friday, markets will track the U.S. August jobs report.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

One in four Americans with college degrees shouldnt have botheredOne of them shouldn't have bothered. (We're looking at you, Mr. Flip-flops.) Reuters/Jason Reed
SHARE
Matt Phillips @MatthewPhillips
September 4, 2014
Roughly 25% of those with bachelor’s degrees in the US derive no economic benefit from their diplomas.
That’s the takeaway from analysts at  the Federal Reserve Bank of New York . The same analysts have argued in the past that the benefits of a college degree, on average, still outweigh the costs . (Other Fed studies have suggested that, on average, those with bachelor’s degrees earn $800,000 more than people who finished only secondary school.) And while median earnings of college students typically remain between 60% and 70% higher than those with high school diplomas, there’s still a surprisingly large chunk of students who don’t do any better than those who never went to four-year schools.
The Fed’s analysts divided the pool of college degree holders into quartiles. They found that people in the lowest quartile earned roughly the same amount of money as those with only a high school diploma.
Tap image to zoom
The analysts wrote:
These figures suggest that perhaps a quarter of those who earn a bachelor’s degree pay the costs to attend school but reap little, if any, economic benefit. In fact, once the costs of attending college are considered, it is likely that earning a bachelor’s degree would not have been a good investment for many in the lowest 25 percent of college graduate wage earners. So while a college degree appears to be a good investment on average, it may not pay off for everyone.
Now in some senses, this isn’t a surprise. There’s always a broader distribution of outcomes that get buried under averages. But it is an important reminder that a college education by no means punches your ticket into the US middle class.
Share this:

Why expensive synthetic workout gear stinksPerhaps we should have worn cotton?Reuters/Marcos Brindicci
SHARE
Jeanne Kim @jeannesjkim
September 4, 2014
In workout wear (and even with denim pants), synthetic materials like polyester and elastane are crucial elements to help designers bring together comfort, fit and fashion. Newer fabrics are also longer-lasting, easy to clean, and don’t wrinkle easily. And polyester can wick sweat away from your skin, keeping you feeling moisture-free during intensive workouts.
But as anyone who has invested in expensive new-fangled workout gear can attest, synthetic fabrics can smell a lot worse after exercising than cotton clothing. A new study  by researchers at the University of Ghent confirms that observation.
Researchers had  (pdf, sign-in required) 26 healthy people (13 men and 13 women) wear 100% polyester t-shirts while doing an intensive bicycle spinning class for an hour. They then collected and incubated the shirts for 28 hours to let the bacteria on the shirts grow and, then had a trained odor panel assess their smell. They also did this with 100% cotton shirts and mixed-material shirts, for comparison.
The panelists concluded that, compared to cotton shirts, polyester clothing smelled “significantly less pleasant, and additionally, more intense, more musty, more ammonia, more strong, more sweaty and more sour.”
From a bacterial analysis standpoint, DNA extracted from the t-shirt samples—and participants’ armpit areas—showed that microcci, which typically causes malodor, were predominantly found on synthetic fabrics . Some were also found on mixed synthetic textile clothes (such as part-cotton, part-elastane clothing) as well. But microcci wasn’t able to grow on cotton textiles.
So if dousing yourself in underarm deodorant while you work out in style isn’t cutting it, try switching to plain old cotton.
Share this:

Maruti to pay Suzuki royalty in rupeesMaruti to pay Suzuki royalty in rupees
Promoters stake trigger fall in JP Group cos  stocksPromoters stake trigger fall in JP Group cos  stocks
Tablets becomes popular aid to IIT  IIM aspi...Tablets a new threat to Rs 10,000 cr IIT, IIM and GMAT coaching industry
Sreeradha Basu, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 12.32PM IST
Tags:
Byju Raveendran
(Tablet teaching is shaking…)
MUMBAI: Getting ready for the IIT entrance exam? Meet your tutor- the tablet. The electronic device is becoming an increasingly popular aid to aspirants preparing for admission tests. Those who find the price too high for lectures bundled with tablets can even pay through EMIs.
Tablet teaching is shaking up the world of traditional test prep coaching, as students shrug off the notion that there's no real alternative to classroom learning. There's been a jump in the number of people subscribing to the trend as they train themselves to write the Common Admission Test (CAT) for entry to the Indian Institutes of Management, the GMAT for MBA programmes in the US, the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) for the IIT and the civil service exams, among others.
No wonder Samsung, traditional brick and mortar enterprises and digital education companies are all looking for a piece of the action in this fast-growing segment.
'The 10,000-crore plus coaching mandi is now under threat from the tablet coaching business,' says TV Mohandas Pai, chairman of Manipal Global Education. 'Traditional classroom coaching will see a decline over the years. It takes up too much time, is much more expensive and teaches a lot of unnecessary stuff. Here, there is genuine learning.'
Around 45-50 lakh students appear for various admission tests annually. According to industry estimates, the test preparation market in India last year was worth $2.2 billion, including both online and regular coaching, study material and mock tests for entrance exams. It's estimated to surge to $3 billion by year end. The online segment/virtual classrooms, including tablet teaching, is about 10% of the business and easily the fastest-growing segment, say experts.
Pai has direct experience of the acceleration in growth. A little more than four months ago, Manipal Group-funded education startup Think and Learn tied up with Samsung Electronics to provide coaching modules for CAT, GMAT, JEE and the civil service exams exclusively on the company's devices. The lessons are being provided by Think and Learn unit Byju's Classes.
Since the soft launch in May, sales through the tie-up are already at Rs 15 crore compared with a total of Rs 20 crore in the whole of last year, said 34-year-old Byju Raveendran, founder and CEO of Byju's Classes, which also provides coaching for Class 8-10 in math and science. More than 9,500 students have bought courses so far. Of these, more than 4,000 have been for test prep. Prices in the test prep segment start at Rs 20,000 for GRE/GMAT/CAT crash courses and go up to Rs 35,000.
R Khanna, working at a tech company, is getting ready up to sit for the CAT this year. He's bought the Byju's Classes CAT package on an installment plan, paying a little more than 2,500 per month. He says tablet teaching is a boon for executives like him who can't make it for regular or even intensive weekend classes.
  School teacher S Roy bought her son a JEE Main and Advanced combo pack for physics on a Lenovo tablet from iProf. 'He felt he needed more help in the subject and the video lectures and mock tests helped him a lot,' she says.
The tie-up with Byju's, incidentally, is part of a larger initiative by Samsung Electronics, which on September 2 announced Smart Learning, an innovative education solution pegged as India's first digital education store. Launched under its Media Solutions Centre or MSC division, the store can be accessed through all Samsung tablets and is designed to offer interactive study material to students, right from those in school to those preparing for competitive exams.
The company is engaged in consumer connect programmes to promote the initiative. So far, one in every five who experience the campaign is getting converted, says Asim Warsi, Samsung India's VP for marketing, mobile and IT.
'Besides work-related and entertainment requirements, there is an important need for tablets in the area of education,' says Warsi. Sanjay Purohit, founder-CEO of digital education company iProf, one of the early movers in this space, agrees. '80-85% education can be done in asynchronous mode. The rest of the time, we provide connectivity to teachers through phone, drop boxes or live video sessions,' says Purohit. In January, iProf raised $9 million ( 55 crore) in Series B funding from a consortium of investors.
At iProf, test preparation accounts for 55% of overall revenue. Over time, content has become much more interactive and last year, it had more than 1 lakh users on the test prep side. In fact, says Purohit, the company generated more business in July alone than it did in the whole of last year. Last year, the company is estimated to have done business of around Rs 20-25 crore through software alone.

Exim Bank pact with Japanese bankExim Bank pact with Japanese bank
United Spirits launches inquiry into accounting issuesUnited Spirits launches inquiry into accounting issues
Flood alert in J&K  Jhelum flowing 4-feet above danger markLocals rescuing flood-affected villagers of Mirbaazar in Kulgam district after heavy rains deluged the village on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 4, 2014 10:45 am | Updated: September 4, 2014 10:47 am
A flood alert was sounded in Jammu and Kashmir on Thursday as River Jhelum was flowing four feet above the danger mark after incessant rain, while 23 villages have been inundated by floods in south Kashmir districts of Anantnag and Kulgam.
Incessant rain over the past three days has wreaked havoc in many parts of the Valley with south Kashmir’s Anantnag and Kulgam districts the worst-hit.
View picture gallery
“Flood alert has been sounded in Srinagar city and all emergency services have been pressed into service to meet the eventuality of a flood,” Deputy Commissioner, Srinagar, Farooq Ahmad Shah said.
He said River Jhelum at Ram Munshi Bagh in the city was flowing at 22 feet, which is four feet above the danger mark.
Two persons were washed away at Aboora in Budgam district on Wednesday while nearly 100 persons trapped in flood waters in south Kashmir were evacuated to safety.
A senior official said 23 villages in south Kashmir have been flooded so far.
Some parts of Srinagar city along the banks of Doodh Ganga stream were flooded as the water was flowing over the banks.
Bone and Joint Hospital and adjoining residential areas of Barzullah, Natipora and Rambagh were flooded by the water.
Shah said the district administration has been monitoring the situation round-the-clock and taking steps to provide relief to the affected people.
The patients at the Bone and Joint Hospital were shifted to the upper stories of the buildings following water-logging on Wednesday night.
The MET office has forecast more rains over the next 48 hours raising the possibility of more areas of Kashmir getting flooded.
An official of the Weather office said Qazigund in south Kashmir received 156.7 mm rainfall in the past 24 hours up to 8.30 AM on Thursday.
Srinagar recorded 52 mm rainfall in the corresponding period while Kupwara in north Kashmir received 119.4 mm rainfall.

AAP demands CBI director s removalAAP demands CBI director s removal
Imperial Tobacco gains on economy hopesSeptember 4, 2014 6:03 pm
Imperial Tobacco gains on economy hopes
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/943b2242-3452-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Comedy and TV Pioneer Joan Rivers Dies at 81comedy and tv pioneer joan rivers dies at 81
Bank of Japan keeps policy rate steady as expected  unchanged econ viewsBank of Japan keeps policy rate steady as expected  unchanged econ views
Maruti to pay royalty to SMC in rupeesMaruti to pay royalty to SMC in rupees
Love Jihad  and religious conversion polarise in Modi s IndiaLove Jihad  and religious conversion polarise in Modi s India
US stand-up comic and TV presenter Joan Rivers diesUS stand-up comic and TV presenter Joan Rivers dies
DLF land parcel cancellation draws mixed responseDLF land parcel cancellation draws mixed response
World experts race to deploy experimental Ebola drugWorld experts race to deploy experimental Ebola drug
Investors face setback as United Spirits reports loss of Rs 4 489 crore; domestic growth story of IMFL still attractiveWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
Investors face setback as United Spirits reports loss of Rs 4,489 crore; domestic growth story of IMFL still att...
Diageo, the owner of brands like Johnny Walker scotch and Talisker malt scotch whisky, had to sell Whyte &Mackay to Emperador. The wait seems to be longer than expected for investors who participated in the growth story of United Spirits in the months ...

Redington promoter sells 2.69%Redington promoter sells 2.69%
Factory data heighten China economy fearsSeptember 1, 2014 10:01 am
Factory slowdown heightens concern over China’s economy
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/834fe6ee-31ae-11e4-a19b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BP tries to remove oil spill claims chiefSeptember 2, 2014 10:08 pm
BP tries to remove oil spill claims chief
By Ed Crooks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79a5f84e-32e0-11e4-b86e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Q&A  Pakistan protests© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5e6dc726-31cf-11e4-a19b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple rivals prepare to take on iPhone 6September 3, 2014 10:38 pm
Apple’s rivals plan to revamp products ahead of iPhone 6 launch
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56036058-32c1-11e4-b86e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hackers target gaming companiesLast updated: August 25, 2014 10:38 pm
Hackers target gaming companies
By Hannah Kuchler and Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco and Daniel Thomas in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/730c07be-2c26-11e4-8eda-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sonys bid to win in the selfie wars31
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

For higher achievers hire firstbornsSeptember 4, 2014 1:01 am
For higher achievers hire firstborns
By Maxine Boersma
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b10a4458-f17b-11e3-9161-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The latest special relationship in AsiaSeptember 3, 2014 9:01 pm
The latest special relationship in Asia
Closer ties between Japan and India make good sense
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d7558ebc-337d-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US manufacturing strength boosts dollarLast updated: September 2, 2014 9:13 pm
US manufacturing strength boosts dollar
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5a340e42-324f-11e4-b929-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Predators eye opportunities to swoop in AsiaSeptember 2, 2014 8:22 pm
Predators eye opportunities to swoop on Asian distress
By Henny Sender˜
More widespread openings in the region are expected as both the level and the cost of debt rises
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12a7d7d8-32c3-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banking will never know a more disruptive force than ExcelBanking will never know a more disruptive force than Excel, say bankers | FT Alphaville
All times are London time

Asian shares weaker after BoJ keeps policy steady  ECB eyedSep 04, 2014, 09.34 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Asian shares weaker after BoJ keeps policy steady, ECB eyed
Asian shares weaker after BoJ keeps policy steady, ECB eyed
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Asian shares weaker after BoJ keeps policy steady, ECB eyed
Asian shares weaker after BoJ keeps policy steady, ECB eyed
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Asian shares traded lower with the Bank of Japan keeping its policy steady as expected.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng was down 0.4% after leaping to its highest close since May 2008 yesterday, while the Shanghai Composite Index was down 0.2%, after its highest close since June 2013.
The Nikkei 225 was down 0.2% and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 was down 0.3%.
A meeting by the European Central Bank on Thursday is expected to bring further details on the bank's plans to start asset purchases, a move that would work in favor of the dollar's strength.
Overnight, U.S. stocks finished mixed due to uncertainty as to whether the European Central Bank will stimulate its economy on Thursday and whether the U.S. jobs report will come in solid on Friday.
The Dow 30 rose 0.06%, the S&P 500 index fell 0.08%, while the NASDAQ Composite index fell 0.56%.
Stocks rose earlier after Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko said he had agreed with Russian President Vladimir Putin to take steps to establish a "permanent ceasefire" in eastern Ukraine.
Putin later said his views were "very close" with Poroshenko on finding a political way out of the conflict.
Investors were eager for the European Central Bank's announcement on policy on Thursday, with many betting that the monetary authority will roll out stimulus measures to kick-start the economy after the euro area's annual inflation rate slowed to a five-year low last month.
On Friday, the U.S. will release its August non-farm payroll report, and investors hope the data will serve as weather vane pointing to the direction of monetary policy, sidestepping the greenback ahead of time.
While U.S. economy continues to gain steam, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has expressed concern over slackness persistent in the labor market.
On Thursday, the U.S. is to release trade-balance data, the ADP report on private-sector job creation and the weekly report on initial jobless claims.
Also on Thursday, the ISM is to publish a report on U.S. service sector activity.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com Stocks & Forex App for Android!

The 4.5-inch Asus Zenfone 4 to be available in India from September 5; priced at Rs 6 999Urgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The 4.5-inch Asus Zenfone 4 (A450CG) will go on sale in India from September 5. The phone is priced at Rs 6,999 and is a new variant of its Zenfone 4 smartphone. The phone has been available for pre-order on Flipkart for over a week.
With a 4.5-inch display, the new ZenFone 4 (A450CG) has a slightly bigger screen than the one launched in July. The new phone costs Rs 1,000 more than the 4-inch variant that came to India at Rs 5,999. Also, the new variant has an 8 megapixel rear camera while the 4-inch model sports a 5 megapixel camera.
The new Zenfone is powered by a 1.2GHz Intel Atom Z2520 dual-core processor along with 1GB of RAM, and runs Android v4.3 (Jelly Bean), upgradeable to v4.4 (KitKat) OS. It supports a microSD card of up to 64 GB.
The new Zenfone is powered by a 1.2GHz Intel Atom Z2520 dual-core processor paired with 1GB of RAM, and and runs Android v4.3 (Jelly Bean).
Asus had entered the Indian smartphone market with its 3 smartphones - ZenFone 4, ZenFone 5 and the ZenFone 6 - back in July.

OECD warns farm subsidies still too highSeptember 4, 2014 10:31 am
OECD warns farm subsidies still too high
By Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a42540e4-3384-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Economic optimism buoys Chinas renminbiSeptember 4, 2014 6:29 am
Economic optimism buoys China’s renminbi
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8e04180-33e7-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China s trade flows the target for OCBCShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
China's trade flows the target for OCBC
Aug 24, 2014 : China's economy may be slowing, but this is the right time to enter its banking market, according to Samuel Tsien, chief executive of Singaporean bank OCBC, as Chinese companies look to expand overseas and the renminbi becomes an ever more important international currency. The FT's Jennifer Hughes talks to Mr Tsien about his bank's expansion plans.

Renminbi fights back as intervention fadesAugust 19, 2014 9:41 am
Renminbi fights back as PBoC intervention subsides
By Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e27b87c4-2775-11e4-be5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China trade surplus hits record highAugust 8, 2014 9:15 am
Export surge lifts China trade surplus to record high
By Jamil Anderlini
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c9ba8bde-1ecb-11e4-9d7d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pakistan protests put democracy at riskSeptember 3, 2014 1:42 pm
Pakistan protesters fail to live up to ideals
By Victor Mallet in Islamabad
Demonstrations aim to topple elected government
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b77bca00-3348-11e4-9607-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

OECD links teacher status to pupil successJune 25, 2014 10:00 am
OECD survey links teacher status to pupil performance
By Helen Warrell, Public Policy Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/857b1d02-fbe0-11e3-ad9b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

OECD warns on global trade slowdownMay 27, 2014 5:59 pm
OECD warns on global trade slowdown
By Shawn Donnan in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0ec846d8-e5b7-11e3-aeef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Horsemeat report urges food fraud unitSeptember 4, 2014 10:35 am
Horsemeat report calls for ‘food fraud’ unit
By Claer Barrett and Scheherazade Daneshkhu
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ecc37282-3409-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Horsemeat scandal weighs on ready mealsJanuary 14, 2014 12:01 am
Horsemeat scandal weighs on UK ready meal sales
By Scheherazade Daneshkhu, Consumer Industries Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bca9efb2-7a1a-11e3-8211-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

French police hold 21 in horsemeat probeDecember 16, 2013 4:54 pm
French police arrest 21 in illicit horsemeat inquiry
By Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91d76cb6-665a-11e3-8675-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Research shows birth order correlates with motivation and achievementSeptember 4, 2014 1:01 am
For higher achievers hire firstborns
By Maxine Boersma
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b10a4458-f17b-11e3-9161-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pakistan opposition parties warn protestersSeptember 4, 2014 11:17 am
Pakistan opposition parties urge Khan and Qadri to end crisis
By Farhan Bokhari
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d47490ee-340e-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Short View: more is need from ECBSeptember 4, 2014 8:30 pm
Mario Draghi impresses but more is needed
By James Mackintosh
ECB president’s action cheered investors, but it falls short of full QE
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f252561e-344f-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazil: what chance of reformSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Lex Live: BP - Banana PeelsReddit
Some companies just cannot get it right. In the oil sector, companies that consistently make mistakes on investment and/or exploration decisions perform badly. Sometimes they disappear entirely. Witness Petrocanada’s litany of cost overruns and poor investment decisions, which led to its eventual takeover by Canada’s Suncor.
And then there’s BP.
BP has not put a foot right for some time: the Texas City refinery disaster, followed by trading scandals and Alaskan pipeline problems in the US; the debacle over TNK-BP causing current CEO Bob Dudley to flee Russia; the list goes on. Really, it does.
And the slipping and sliding will do also. Thursday’s decision by the US Eastern District Court of Louisiana in New Orleans that BP acted in gross negligence in the Macondo disaster of 2010 suggests possible penalties of $18bn. In its latest results announcement, BP pointed out that it has $3.5bn allocated for these potential penalties for violations of the Clean Water Act. (See the number at top right of the chart below)
Yes, it’s another big number and, no, the appeal process has not even begun. Indeed, the precise penalty will not come from the court until January.
But there are other banana skins out there which BP shareholders should already have been looking out for anyway.
As the US pressures Russia through financial sanctions on its oil sector, Rosneft — of which BP owns a fifth — clearly has some concerns about how it will finance its current and future oil projects. Given that Russia represents more than a third of BP’s upstream production and a chunk of dividends (BP received a cheque for $690m at the end of July) what happens on sanctions does matter. And will not go away soon. Lex has written about this recently . And earlier here .
Sure, no one’s clowning around. But given that BP’s shares have trailed the FTSE All-share by 85 percentage points over the past decade, no one’s laughing either.
 

4-member ministerial panel to decide on green regulator4-member ministerial panel to decide on green regulator
NRN at the top in most powerful CEOs list | Jabong investors to make it globalNR Narayana Murthy regains top spot in most powerful CEOs list, dislodges Mukesh Ambani to second position
Dibeyendu Ganguly, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.46AM IST
Tags:
Azim Premji
(Now in its 10th year,…)
MUMBAI: Last year, there was a chorus of disapproval when NR Narayana Murthy returned from an emeritus role to take charge as executive chairman of Infosys, with son Rohan designated as his executive assistant.
As it turned out, Murthy's term ended in about a year, wrapped up neatly with the appointment of his company's first 'outside' CEO. Corporate India has endorsed Murthy's performance the second time round at Infosys by voting him No. 1 in the 'India Inc's Most Powerful CEOs' listing. Murthy displaces last year's No. 1Mukesh Ambani of Reliance Industries , who slips to 2.
Now in its 10th year, The Economic Times India Inc's Most Powerful CEOs listing is based on a survey conducted by IMRB International.
More than 500 executives evaluate CEOs
More than 500 corporate executives of the rank of vice-president, general manager and above are asked to evaluate CEOs on parameters such as performance, leadership, stature, social contribution and governance. Murthy topped the rankings for the first three years of the survey, then ceded the position to Ratan Tata, who held it for three years in a row.
But Murthy has always remained in the top three, until he was dropped as a contender when he took a back-seat at Infosys and KV Kamath was appointed chairman of Infosys in 2011.
Now designated non-executive chairman, Murthy is back to playing a handsoff role. "Infosys is like my middle child, so when the board invited me to return and add value to the company, I could not say no, though some people said there would be no upside for me in this," he says. "Leadership is about doing the right thing, even if it means going against a vast number of naysayers and mediocre people."
The Most Powerful CEOs listing is based largely on the ET 500, so a large turnover, asset base and market capitalisation definitely enhance a CEO's chances of making it to the top of the class. At No. 7, ICICI Bank's Chanda Kochhar is the highest ranking woman. In a top10 dominated by promoters -- Kumar Mangalam Birla , Azim Premji , Anil Ambani, Anand Mahindra --she is also the highest-ranked professional CEO, followed by Natarajan Chandrasekaran of TCS , who is at No. 9. "I've probably been voted in because of my job. Banks are the catalyst for the country's economic growth and have the capability to make an impact.
That would be the reason why bank CEOs would be considered powerful," Kochhar says.
Still, when it comes to the top 20, the public perception of the CEO does count. Though he now heads one of India's most important business houses, Cyrus Mistry is just outside the top 10 at 11, up from 13 last year. Meanwhile, Gautam Adani's ranking in business has climbed almost in tandem with Narendra Modi's ascent in politics. Adani has vaulted to No. 13, up from 30 last year.
Another promoter CEO who has zoomed up the rankings is Dilip Shanghvi , who is now at 17, up from 56 last year. Sun Pharma was named Company of the Year at the last ET Awards for Corporate Excellence and Shanghvi has subsequently been in the news for his ongoing takeover of Ranbaxy .
And finally, there's Flipkart, whose Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal make their debut in the list at 51. They are one notch above SK Roy, chairman of Life Insurance Corp. of India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s top internet cos partnering with eac...India's top internet companies like OLX, Flipkart partnering with each other to reach out to a larger customer base
Biswarup Gooptu, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 04.45AM IST
Tags:
customer base
(In the battle for supremacy,…)
In the battle for supremacy, internet companies in India are turning to the most unlikeliest of allies — each other — as they look to become leaders in one of the most competitive consumer markets globally.
Flipkart, Uber, redBus and OLX are just some of the top internet companies that have joined hands to assist each other to leverage their strengths and attract more consumers to their platforms. Last month, Flipkart, India's largest e-commerce company, and OLX India, an online and mobile marketplace for used goods, announced a marketing partnership that allows potential customers to sell their used products on the latter while buying new ones on Flipkart.
"With this partnership with OLX, we will be able to provide an end-to-end solution to customers, especially in the Electronics categories where selling old products is an integral part of the buying process," said Ravi Vora, senior vice-president - marketing at Flipkart.
Industry experts believe that such tie-ups will be par for the course going forward for the internet companies in India. "These are the new barter marketing tactics. They are constantly looking to come up with ways to grow disproportionately in a very short period of time. In other words, growth hacking," said Alok Goel, chief executive of Sequoia Capital-backed online recharge and coupling venture Freecharge, which has a similar partnership with e-commerce players Amazon and Snapdeal.
For OLX, a portfolio company of South African diversified media conglomerate Naspers Group, such a tie-up could give it a significant advantage over its peers, given that it now has access to Flipkart's 25 million users. Naspers is also an investor in Flipkart. Successful conversions can be tracked through special tracking codes, according to industry experts.
"They could also issue coupons which can be redeemed on the affiliated website," pointed out Nitin Chhabra, founder of e-commerce consultancy Ace Turtle. There is, however, no clarity whether there is a revenue sharing agreement between Flipkart and OLX. Online bus ticketing venture redBus and ondemand taxi transportation app Uber also announced a partnership in August that allows customers, after making a booking through redBus' mobile app, to avail two free rides in an Uber cab, valued at Rs 300 each, in six cities — Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Delhi and Chennai.
For Uber, which launched its services in India last year, a strategic partnership with redBus makes sense, given that the latter sells more than a million bus tickets every month, and has over 2 million registered users.
"This goes to the limits of traditional marketing, using our marketing strategy to get users to experience Uber for the first time," said Akshay BD,communications manager for Uber in Bangalore.
While Uber refused to disclose the exact number of users that have availed of the offer, company executives said the tie-up had seen a 'significant' rise in number of users. According to Ashish Kashyap, head of the Goibibo Group, which acquired redBus from its founders for about Rs 800 crore in 2013, the initiative had been a runaway success for Uber, with the company reaching out to about 150,000 users transacting through redBus mobile app users.
"The partnership becomes highly symbiotic. redBus is enabled to deliver value to its online bookers and Uber is enabled to cross-sell to a targeted set of consumers who already have a need to avail such a service and is a mobile transacting user," Kashyap said, adding that there is no revenue sharing agreement between the two ventures.
Others, such as real estate venture CommonFloor, have tied up with taxi services providers like Olacabs and TaxiForSure. "We have tie-ups with them to arrange site visits for our customers. The service is free for our customers, since we take money from our builder contractors. At the same time, we get discounted rates from these aggregators since we use them very often," said Sumit Jain, cofounder of CommonFloor.
The barter marketing tactics are further examples of internet companies in India looking to get a stronger grip on the consumer's wallet, in a hyper-competitive market, which is currently estimated at $2 billion (Rs 12,000 crore) but which could touch $38 billion (Rs 2.3 lakh crore) by the end of the decade, according to retail consultancy Technopak.
"This is almost unique to India. You don't really see this in the more developed markets such as the US, Europe or Japan," said Goel, who, before taking over at Freecharge in 2013, was the chief operating officer at redBus.
 
With an internet user base that is expected to cross 400 million in the next five years, driven by mobile, the stakes for companies such as Flipkart are high, given that they continue grapple with wafer-thin margins, high customer acquisition costs and fickle consumers.
Partnerships with traditional or offline companies are increasingly in vogue as well. While Uber has partnered with multinational financial services behemoth American Express in India, Goibibo has tied up with insurance company Bajaj Allianz as well as a number of restaurant chains, such as Papa John's and Subway. "This strategy works for us," said Uber's Akshay.
"We look to partner with companies people identify with, and where we can offer an end-to-end consumer experience."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Teachers  Day 2014: 15 Quotes  Sayings that your Tutor will Absolutely LoveTeachers  Day 2014: 15 Quotes  Sayings that your Tutor will Absolutely Love
Stars  others react to death of Joan RiversStars  others react to death of Joan Rivers
Comerica Bank s 2014 National Days of Service Raises Expectations of What a Bank Can BeComerica Bank s 2014 National Days of Service Raises Expectations of What a Bank Can Be
BP found  grossly negligent  in 2010 US spill  billions in fines loomHi Guest
BP found 'grossly negligent' in 2010 US spill, billions in fines loom
HOUSTON: BP Plc was "grossly negligent" for its role in the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico four years ago, a US district judge said on Thursday in a ruling that could add billions of dollars in fines to the more than $42 billion in charges taken so ...

GLOBAL MARKETS-Euro slumps as ECB moves boost dollar  equitiesGLOBAL MARKETS-Euro slumps as ECB moves boost dollar  equities
Withdrawal cap in Jan Dhan may deter depositorsWithdrawal cap in Jan Dhan may deter depositors
India Post Best Suited for E-commerce Delivery Services: GovernmentApple Unveils the Watch, Larger iPhones at Star-Studded Event
New Delhi:
Communication and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad today said India Post with the world's largest postal network is best suited to offer delivery services to e-commerce firms.
Mr Prasad, who today met Probationers of the 2013 batch of the Indian Postal Service here, said there is a need to expose young officers to the latest developments and emerging trends in the postal and logistics sectors.
The minister highlighted that the Digital India project, which aims to make broadband facility available in every village across the country, would drive up e-commerce business in villages.
With its unparalleled rural reach, India Post would be best suited to offer delivery services to e-commerce players, he added.
India Post has over 1.55 lakh post offices of which more than 1.39 lakh are in the rural areas. On an average, a post office serves an area of 21.21 sq. km and a population of 7,175 people.
According to market analysts, last-mile delivery of products ordered by online shoppers will figure as one of the major deciding factors for e-commerce firms like Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon, etc.
Firms are already offering one-day delivery and this will further intensify with firms investing hugely in logistics to ramp up their delivery system.
The opportunity in back-end logistics for online shopping segment is estimated to be about Rs 3,500-4,000 crore, a major part of which is last mile delivery.
According to a joint study by consultancy firm PwC and industry body Assocham, the size of the e-retail industry is poised to touch 10-20 billion by 2017-2020 and e-commerce firms are expected to spend up to 1.9 billion by 2017-2020 on infrastructure, logistics and warehousing.
Another report by consulting firm Technopak pegs the 2.3 billion e-tailing market to reach 32 billion by 2020.
Mr Prasad said Post Office can also become a focal point for delivering not only government services but also e-services to the people as in e-service centres, apart from commercially remunerative services for corporate/private players including conducting market surveys, information dissemination, etc
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 20:51 (IST)

BP found  grossly negligent  for Gulf spillBP found 'grossly negligent' for Gulf spill
By Melvin Backman  @CNNMoney September 4, 2014: 4:49 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
A single word change means BP could be on the hook for billions more for the worst oil spill in U.S. history.
A federal judge in Louisiana found that the oil giant was "grossly negligent" in the run-up to the 2010 disaster, which could quadruple the penalties it would have to pay under the Clean Water Act to more than $18 billion (see below).
Judge Carl Barbier of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana also apportioned blame for the spill, with "reckless" BP ( BP ) getting two thirds of it. He said the other two main defendants in the more than 3,000 lawsuits filed in the spill's wake, Transocean ( RIG ) and Halliburton ( HAL ), were found to be "negligent." Transocean got 30% of the blame and Halliburton 3% of it.
Related: Accusations flew between the three companies at the trial's outset
Attorney General Eric Holder praised the ruling.
"We are confident that this decision will serve as a strong deterrent to anyone who is tempted to sacrifice safety and the environment in the pursuit of profit," he said during a news conference.
Transocean, which owned the Deepwater Horizon rig at the center of the tragedy, settled its criminal charges last year for $1.4 billion . Halliburton, whose cement failed to seal the well, settled its spill-related lawsuits on Tuesday for $1.1 billion .
BP settled its criminal charges in 2012 for $4.5 billion , but that didn't erase the federal government's civil claims.
The key to Judge Barbier's ruling was BP's failure to follow up on a crucial safety test made even more important because the firm was drilling almost 3.5 miles below sea level. BP employees didn't pause operations when the rig failed the test, and 11 men died when it exploded less than two hours later.
Under the Clean Water Act, the maximum penalty for an oil spiller found "simply negligent" is $1,100 per barrel spilled. But if a company is found "grossly negligent," as was the case Thursday, that obligation jumps to as much as $4,300 a barrel.
Federal officials previously estimated that 4.9 million barrels made their way into the Gulf, with BP responsible for 4.2 million of them. So Judge Barbier's could mean the difference between BP paying $4.6 billion and $18.1 billion, though he didn't rule on what the actual penalty amount would be or how many barrels would be counted toward it.
BP was quick to condemn the ruling, calling it "erroneous" and announcing its plans for an appeal. The company said it had paid out more than $42 billion in fines, settlements and clean-up costs last year as it tried to fight what it called spurious " inflated claims " that came out of the woodwork.
Separately, Alabama attorney general's office announced its intent to pursue a separate legal action for punitive damages that it said would likely start in late 2015.
BP's share price fell 6% in Thursday, while Transocean's stock was flat and Halliburton stock fell almost 1.5%.
A previous version of this story overstated the amount of the potential liability.
First Published: September 4, 2014: 1:54 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Regular investment key to making good money in marketsYou are here: Home > Collections > Investors
Long term and regular investment key to making good money in the stock market
Nikhil Walavalkar, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 12.30PM IST
Tags:
Charles Merrill
(They are the big institutional…)
MUMBAI: We have all heard the story about the hypothetical match-up between Wall Street whiz kids with fancy degrees and a plethora of analytical tools and the monkey which picks winners.
Economist Burton Malkiel says in his book 'A Random Walk Down Wall Street' that a blindfolded monkey throwing darts at a newspaper's financial pages could select a portfolio that would do just as well as one carefully selected by experts.
The Wall Street Journal tried out an experiment based on this theory and found that the analysts won against the random dart throwers but the margin was not very big. Ever since Charles Merrill (Good Time Charlie) began holding seminars and workshops in post Second World War America to entice American households to invest in the market, experts have been obsessed about the right investing approach.
Do you need full-fledged research and deep analytical understanding to pick out winners? Should you do passive investing if that can help you spot winners and make decent money? Finally, are passive investors better off than the nerdy, analytically-inclined who work with tons of data? There are no easy answers to such questions and they will keep getting discussed as long as stock markets are open and investing gives people an opportunity to beef up their bank balances.
But we at ET tried to approach this from a different angle. It is an article of faith among investors that it is better to buy at the bottom than at the top. Those who do the latter are often derisively referred to as retailwallahs with no sense or understanding of the market, while the brainy ones are supposed to be experts at timing the market.
They are the big institutional investors who swoop in just when stock prices are low and leave just at the time when prices have peaked. Buy low and sell high. Sounds just about right.
Except that it is not as clear cut as that. Our exercise was basically aimed at figuring out how two different approaches to investing worked. Do you do fabulously well if consistently bought stocks at cheap prices? Conversely, are you a dumb investor if you consistently purchased when prices were high? We studied the BSE Sensex at various points in the past 24 years and identified the high and low points for each year.
We then analysed what would happen if two hypothetical individuals invested Rs 1,000 each every year for the past 24 years. One consistently bought at the Sensex's highest point, while the other purchased at the index's lowest point.
According to conventional theory, the smart investor is supposed to have performed better. Though most investors believe that investing in stock markets require an uncanny sense of timing and stock-picking skills, in effect, it's the time spent in the market that's most important. Investors often dream of buying at the lowest price and selling at the highest, something that rarely happens.
 
On the contrary, a disciplined investor who invests regularly in the market, ends up with good money. "You do not have to time the market, investing regularly in equities can give good returns in the long term," says Raamdeo Agrawal, joint managing director, Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
The results of our study bear this out. Even a layman can make money in equity markets if he invests regularly. The smart investor does a lot of research, has an army of professionals to help him, employs the best analytical tools, and more importantly, has loads of luck on the Street.
While the dumb one, however, always buys at the highest point, with the worst possible luck. But look at the results and the difference between the two approaches is not very big. The dumb investor with very little luck would have made a return of 11.54% while the smart investor would have returned 14.82%.
The numbers do not include dividends declared by the constituent companies. Devendra Nevgi, CEO, Zyfin Advisors, says, "A point to note is that the smart investor has done his best and there's little scope to improve his performance. However, the dumb investor has ample scope to improve, as he need not necessarily buy at the highest point each year."
Even if the dumb investor manages to buy a bit lower than the peak each year, his performance numbers will improve. And for this, he needn't employ a battery of resources. An optimistic view on equities can help investors take a staggered exposure to shares over a long period of time. If investors know how to pick stocks, they can improve their performance by beating the benchmark.
"If you cannot pick stocks on your own, give your money to a professional money manager by enrolling in a systematic investment plan in a diversified equity fund or invest in an index fund," Agrawal says.
In the long run, good quality companies can beat the benchmark by a decent margin and, in the process, end up rewarding shareholders. Professional money managers can pick and choose stocks for their portfolios that can outperform the broad markets.
According to Value Research, a mutual fund tracking firm, large-cap funds as a category has given 13.04% returns as against 12% delivered by the BSE Sensex over five years ended September 3.
Investors should look at investing regularly in schemes with long-term track record to generate healthy returns and not just look at timing the market. Even with all the best analysis and the time spent on number crunching, the results may not be spectacular.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple supplier faces scrutiny over labor conditions in ChinaApple supplier faces scrutiny over labor conditions in China
By James O'Toole  @jtotoole September 4, 2014: 10:17 PM ET
Apple has faced frequent scrutiny in recent years over labor conditions at its Chinese suppliers.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Less than a week ahead of the likely launch of Apple's next-generation iPhones, the company is once again facing scrutiny over its labor sourcing in China.
The watchdog group China Labor Watch said Thursday that a factory in the Chinese city of Suqian that makes metal iPad covers was guilty of a number of workplace violations, including excessive hours, inadequate safety training, locked exits and inadequate ventilation.
CLW said it had investigated the facility last month after previously visiting it in April 2013, when it found "many of the same violations."
Related: An iFrenzy for Apple supplier stocks
"Last year, CLW shared our investigative results with Apple, and the company said that it would correct the safety and labor rights violations at Catcher," CLW executive director Li Qiang said in a statement.
"This time, we are making our findings public, in an effort to reduce the exploitation of Chinese workers making Apple's products."
Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) disputed the claim that it had ignored problems at the facility, saying it undertakes frequent audits of the site that have resulted in safety improvements. The company said it already had a follow-up audit of the facility scheduled for next month, but has "dispatched a team there immediately to investigate this report."
 
Will BlackBerry gain from Apple iCloud woes?
"Last year we conducted 451 audits deep into our supply chain so we could uncover problems and work with our suppliers to fix them, and we make it a priority to investigate every specific concern brought to our attention," Apple said.
The factory in question is operated by Taiwan-based Catcher Technology. Catcher spokesman James Wu said the company is "deeply concerned about the claims made by China Labor Watch."
"We are committed to following Apple's supplier code of conduct and will investigate thoroughly," Wu said.
The Catcher facility has also supplied tech companies including Dell, Hewlett-Packard ( HPQ , Tech30 ), Lenovo, Sony ( SNE ), HTC and Motorola, CLW said.
A Dell spokesman said the PC maker was "working with Catcher to address issues."
"Any reports of poor working conditions in Dell's supply chain are investigated and appropriate action is taken," Dell said. "Dell expects our suppliers to employ the same high standards we do in our own facilities."
Motorola said it does not currently work with Catcher. The other companies did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Apple has faced frequent scrutiny in recent years over labor conditions at its Chinese suppliers.
Last year, China Labor Watch raised concerns over allegedly excessive work hours at a pair of Apple suppliers .
Related: American businesses feel targeted by China
Foxconn , another major Apple supplier China, has also been in the spotlight in recent years. A spate of suicides at Foxconn factories in 2010 garnered media coverage of allegedly unsafe facilities and excessive overtime.
Apple has been aggressive in its public response to the criticism. In January 2012, the company signed up with the Fair Labor Association, an independent labor-rights group, which promptly began inspections of the working conditions at Foxconn's many factories.
Apple is currently the only tech company that's part of the Fair Labor Association, and it says its suppliers "must live up to the toughest standards in the industry if they want to keep doing business with Apple."
First Published: September 4, 2014: 3:37 PM ET
Join the Conversation

SC refuses to restrain media from reporting on 2G and coal scam casesSC refuses to restrain media from reporting on 2G and coal scam cases
Decoding wilful defaulter tagDecoding wilful defaulter tag
Skilling is key to India s growth: Ficci-KPMG reportSkilling is key to India s growth: Ficci-KPMG report
USL posts Rs 5 380-cr loss  orders inquiry into Rs 649-cr receivablesUSL posts Rs 5 380-cr loss  orders inquiry into Rs 649-cr receivables
Shady register: Cornered Sinha for recusal from coal scam if SC ordersShady register: Cornered Sinha for recusal from coal scam if SC orders
Teaching not a profession  a way of life: ModiTeaching not a profession  a way of life: Modi
CCI begins Sun-Ranbaxy deal s public scrutinyCCI begins Sun-Ranbaxy deal s public scrutiny
Why I left finance to play video gamesWhy I left a job in finance to play video games
By Heather Long  @byHeatherLong August 29, 2014: 9:38 AM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
When Ben Wu graduated from college in 2009, many young people couldn't even get a job. But the biomedical engineering major landed a coveted spot at a trading firm in Chicago.
He found the work fast paced and it paid well, but something was missing. He asked for some time off in 2012. He quit a week later to become a full-time video game player.
What seemed like a crazy move at the time has turned out to be one of Wu's best trades. He is now at the forefront of the "eSports" movement, which is bringing video game tournaments to the mainstream, similar to what happened with poker.
"Some say that gaming is what children or teens do, as if it's a dirty thing," Wu told CNNMoney. "But it's very dynamic. It requires teamwork, thinking out of the box and being creative. It's an outlet to develop your brain."
Growth of eSports: Thousands of people watch Wu's every move in his online gaming tutorials on YouTube and Twitch, the streaming service that Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ) just bought for nearly $1 billion .
 
Get paid to play video games
The people who tune in are often playing the game themselves and trying to use Wu's tips to make it to the next level. They can even send Wu messages with questions.
ESports are becoming so mainstream that a competition Wu did play-by-play commentary for in July aired on ESPN3, and companies like Red Bull, Monster ( MNST ) and Coca-Cola ( KO )now sponsor big gaming events.
Related: Amazon buying Twitch for nearly $1 billion
To put it in dollar terms, Wu had what he dubs a "part-time job" during his Duke University days playing Defense of the Ancients -- known as DotA. He was a member of a Danish team that competed around the world. Winning a major tournament would result in players getting a few thousand dollars each.
"We were lucky to get 5-figure prizes in my day," he says.
The stakes are higher today. At a key DotA tournament in July known as The International, the winning team from China walked away with $5 million .
"DotA is so much more dynamic as a game than say, chess. It's so much more difficult to work as a team to overcome obstacles versus chess where you examine your own play," Wu says, trying to explain the appeal of a multi-player game like DotA. "There's not much of a social aspect to chess."
Related: MLB gets into the video game business
Master gamer: The purpose of DotA is to capture the other team's "ancient," kind of like the summer camp game of capture the flag. Two teams of five players each go head-to-head. They select characters -- much like picking teams in gym class -- that have different skills. Almost every obstacle in the game has to be overcome through teamwork.
The top teams hail from all over the world. Over 40 million people have watched final rounds of The International competition via Twitch.
These days it's hard to believe Wu hid his gaming from a college girlfriend and felt he had to find a "real job" after graduating.
 
Sony's new gaming products in :90
Wu is better known in the gaming community as MerliniDota . It's a nickname he picked up in middle school. He uses it now for his Twitter handle and YouTube channel .
"There is a push to get a pro scene in gaming," Wu says. "The target age is 16 to 28, and 95% are males."
Most of the top players are 21 to 23. That's why Wu no longer competes actively. Instead, he has found his niche educating others on how to play and being a web personality at tournaments.
It might not be that far of a stretch to compare him to former NBA basketball player Bill Walton, who took his and UCLA and pro experience and channeled it into a top TV commentator gig for decades.
Wu laments what his professional career might have been if he were only a few years younger, but the reality is he's making more money on the gaming "scene" today than he did as a Wall Street-type trader.
First Published: August 28, 2014: 6:27 AM ET
Join the Conversation

A leader among mid-cap packApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Supreme Court wants to monitor Ganga clean-uprivers
It said the "bureaucratic" approach in the action plan would not help in accomplishing the Prime Minister’s dream project
Unhappy with the government’s affidavit setting out its plans to clean the Ganga, the Supreme Court on Wednesday said it wanted to monitor the progress made in efforts to restore the river and asked for a roadmap.
It is better if you can show us a PowerPoint presentation. Also, fix milestones so that we can assess the progress, a Bench comprising Justices T.S. Thakur and R. Banumathi said.
“It seems the Ganga will not be cleaned even after 200 years,” the Bench observed after perusing an affidavit filed by the Director of the National Mission for Clean Ganga, which outlined plans to rejuvenate the river and its ecology.
The affidavit was filed through Solicitor-General Ranjit Kumar following the Supreme Court’s criticism of the government for the decline in “urgency” in fulfilling its poll promise to purify the 2,500-km river. The court was hearing a 29-year-old PIL petition filed by advocate M.C. Mehta on cleaning of the river and setting up sewage treatment plants alongside it.
The affidavit said professionals from seven IITs were preparing a comprehensive Ganga River Basin Management report. A report would be filed by December-end. It said purification of the Ganga was a national priority. Restoring the ecological sanctity of the river would be the prime focus and a major step towards that would be creating awareness of river conservation and ensuring people’s participation.
But the Bench remained sceptical of the government’s assurances. It said an “artistic view” or a “vision plan” to purify the Ganga would hardly allay the layman’s apprehensions over the river.
“We don’t want to get into the nitty-gritty of committees. But we want to know how a common man will expect the cleaning process to emerge,” Justice Thakur told Mr. Kumar. The court posted the case to September 24.

Bull market has just begun: Deutsche s Laijawala08:00 am
Indian equities have been on a roll all through 2014, and even as investors look for a sell-by date for the Modi-fueled euphoria, Abhay Laijawala, MD & Head of Research, Deutsche Equities India says the good times have just begun. “This is going to be a 4-5 year bull market,” Laijawala, who plays CNBC-TV18’s Guest Editor for the day, told Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy.
Laijawala, one of early bulls to set a big bang year-end Sensex target of 28,000 after BJP's election win, expects the index to hit that mark well before December. However, investors are increasingly becoming edgy , awaiting a big crack, even as the market shows no signs of slowing down. Laijawala, while agreeing that intermittent corrections are needed, says the scepticism is not warranted right now.
He points the fact that apart from India, most emerging markets have seen consensus GDP downgrades. India's gross domestic product (GDP) grew 5.7 percent on-year in the second quarter, data released last week showed, up from 4.6 percent in the previous quarter and the fastest pace since the first quarter of 2012. "We have to realize that we are looking far better than the rest of the world," he said.
However, perhaps the biggest positive indicator is the return of domestic institutional investors. August saw positive DII flows, which was also the highest in almost two-years, says Laijawala. He also points to the fact that jobs growth has started to pick up as well. “You’re seeing a return of three confidences: 1) consumer; 2) corporate and 3) investor. These will be the biggest drivers for the market, he says.
Below is a verbatim transcript of the interview
Latha: How does it feel? Does it look like, as an expert previously put it, that the stock markets are looking like the Mumbai real estate market; you just don’t want to get out because it will be expensive if you have to re-enter?
A: Absolutely. In fact, I am just reminded the market uncannily looks like what we saw between 2004 and 2008. At that point in time as well the markets started exactly in a similar fashion and everyone thought that the markets are looking expensive and there was no looking back for almost four years.
So, having seen that we should not be making a mistake of ignoring this market because when you do see a cyclical up swing, earnings growth has to follow which is what we believe is going to happen.
Sonia: Is there any expiry date to this Modi euphoria?
A: I think it is work in progress really. The bull market is just begun in our view and what we are now going to see is markets start to look at what really happens moving forward. Therefore it is an on-going process. We think that the bull market has just begun.
Latha: You were perhaps the first person to write your note and even join us on phone, I think that was the Election Day when you announced that big target and the markets have sprinted there in a hurry. Do you think there could be one correction before the market climbs because even in the 2003-2008 period we did see one big 10 percent or even over 10 percent fall before the markets started clambering up again in 2004. So, is that kind of a correction possible in 2014 you think?
A: Corrections have to happen; in fact corrections will make the bull market far more sensible and far more structural. However, at this point in time one is really seeing a confluence of factors that actually could lead to a spurt in the market rather than a correction. So, we are seeing two to three indicators come in at the same time.
One is the cyclical recovery that has begun which we shall talk about during our macro session and it will be interesting to have views from our guests on what they have to say on that. The other factor and this I think is very important for us here in India to gauge. Apart from India most other emerging markets have seen consensus GDP downgrades. In the last two to three months, in the last four months or so GDP growth estimates by the street for Chile, Mexico, Turkey, Brazil have all been downgraded. India conversely is where GDP consensus growth is being raised. So, we have to realise that we are looking far better than the rest of the world.
In addition, China over the last two months there was a huge amount of interest in China. China was cheap, expectation was that Chinese manufacturing is beginning to come back and now once again China has faltering. For example if you look at diesel demand growth in China adjusted for the inventories, etc it is growing at just about 2-2.5 percent or so and that pretty much gives a signal that the Chinese manufacturing is yet to rebound.
So, what we are therefore seeing is a reallocation of flows from other emerging markets to countries like India. Finally, the factor that I am most excited about is that we are seeing the return of domestic institutional investors (DII). As we have written this morning, August was the first month where you had DII flows being positive and this was the highest in almost a year or two.

Marico Kaya @ new highSep 04, 2014, 01.50 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Marico Kaya hits all-time high; RBI allows FIIs to up stake
"RBI on Wednesday advised that FIIs/registered foreign portfolios investors (RFPIs) can now invest up to 40 percent of the paid up capital of company under the portfolio investment scheme," said the central bank in its note.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Marico Kaya hits all-time high; RBI allows FIIs to up stake
"RBI on Wednesday advised that FIIs/registered foreign portfolios investors (RFPIs) can now invest up to 40 percent of the paid up capital of company under the portfolio investment scheme," said the central bank in its note.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Marico Kaya Enterprises  (demerged entity of  Marico and listed in August) touched a record high of Rs 650 on Thursday, up 4 percent intraday after the Reserve Bank of India allowed foreign institutional investors to buy more stake in company.
"RBI on Wednesday advised that FIIs/registered foreign portfolios investors (RFPIs) can now invest up to 40 percent of the paid up capital of company under the portfolio investment scheme," said the central bank in its note.
The company had passed these resolutions at its board of directors’ level and a special resolution by the shareholders on August 28, agreeing for enhancing the limit for the purchase of its equity shares and convertible debentures by FIIs.
The purchases could be made through primary market and stock exchanges and would be subject to FEMA regulations and other terms and conditions stipulated by the Reserve Bank, said the RBI.
Promoter group led by Harsh C Mariwala holds 59.69 percent stake in the company while public shareholding stands at 19.7 percent as of June 2014.
At 13:21 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 642.05, up Rs 17.80, or 2.85 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Mobile phones will exceed humans in 2014Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Draghi under pressure to deliver addl stimulus: CrossbridgeLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Draghi under pressure to deliver addl stimulus: Crossbridge
Manish Singh, Chief Strategist & Head of Investments at Crossbridge Capital believes ECB president Mario Draghi is under a lot of pressure to come up with additional stimulus measures.
Post your opinion here
 
Manish Singh, Chief Strategist & Head of Investments at Crossbridge Capital believes ECB president Mario Draghi is under a lot of pressure to come up with additional stimulus measures.
“I believe that he is going to make some announcements. I do not think that the asset-backed securities (ABS) purchase alone is going to be enough and that is primarily because of the size of the SME ABS market that he has talked about.
So, I expect that he might extend that to not just to SME ABS but also RMBS ABS and consumer loan ABS and then you are taking the market from 50 billion to 300 billion then it starts looking sizeable.
However, whatever he does or he doesn’t do, the key thing for him will be to show his openness for a large full scale sovereign bond QE and that is going to be something which market is going to look at. If he offers a future QE, that will be very positive and that should have a positive impact on European market,” Singh told CNBC-TV18’s Reema Tendulkar and Sumaira Abidi.

US Fed may hike interest rates in Jan  15: Societe Generale02:30 pm
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Patrick Legland, Societe Generale says Mario Draghi is unlikely to really shock the market.  Rate decisions from both the BoE and ECB are expected, amid expectations of further stimulus for the euro zone. Furthermore, he expects the Federal Reserve to hike interest rates as early as January 2015.
Watch videos for more.

WHY YOU SHOULD WORRYWhy you should worry about Europe
By Mark Thompson  @MarkThompsonCNN September 3, 2014: 10:23 AM ET
The crisis in Ukraine has knocked Europe's recovery off course but it's not the only reason to worry.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
It's not "Credit Crisis 2" but Europe is in rough economic waters again.
Even anemic growth has evaporated and the eurozone risks slipping back into recession. The euro has fallen 5% against the dollar over the past three months.
Now investors are betting that the European Central Bank , which meets on Thursday, may finally embark on a policy of printing money akin to the Federal Reserve's bond-buying program.
Here are three reasons you should be worried:
1. Russia: Markets got a lift Wednesday from news that Moscow and Kiev had agreed on steps needed to establish a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine. But that's a far cry from ending the fighting.
Signs of diplomatic progress may give the West reason to pause before pulling the trigger on another round of economic sanctions -- Europe says it will have identified new targets by the end of the week.
But there's a significant risk that the accord between Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Ukrainian counterpart will unravel as quickly as previous deals.
That would mean more pain for Russia's economy and Western businesses operating there, and further dent business and consumer confidence in Europe.
And it's unlikely that existing sanctions will be lifted anytime soon. After all, Putin is not about to hand back Crimea.
"Western trust in Putin-run Russia has been shattered for good," wrote Holger Schmieding at Berenberg. "Even without new sanctions, a mild version of the cold war will likely ensue for a long time."
2. Deflation: Consumer prices are falling, or barely rising, in eight of 18 eurozone member states, and that tally may have increased in August. Regional inflation fell to just 0.3% last month, its lowest level since October 2009.
And prices for goods leaving Europe's factories have fallen all year -- except for June.
Very low inflation can be as damaging to an economy as excessive price increases, particularly against the backdrop of high eurozone unemployment.
Why? Because if households and businesses expect inflation to stay depressed for a long period, they may postpone spending and investment, triggering a downward spiral.
It also makes it harder for countries to pay off debts, and forces weak European economies to cut wages to compete with stronger countries like Germany.
Many economists say the ECB won't announce quantitative easing on Thursday, but even when it comes the boost to the economy may be very limited.
 
S&P Above 2000? Thank Super Mario
3. Stagnation: Germany, whose economy has slipped into reverse, can reasonably blame Russia. But the eurozone's second and third largest economies -- France and Italy -- are suffering the consequences of years of wasted opportunities to become more competitive.
Italy is now back in its third recession in five years, and France hasn't managed to grow since 2011. Both are now trying to step up the pace of change.
France's new economy minister last week took aim at one sacred cow -- the country's 35-hour work week . But any attempt at change is likely to face stiff opposition from unions and members of his Socialist government.
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi is modernizing his country's justice system to encourage more investment, but the benefits are likely years away.
France, Italy and others may push next month for a relaxation of European austerity rules, in exchange for a commitment to make their economies more flexible.
First Published: September 3, 2014: 10:19 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Nifty ends below 8100; Bajaj Auto up 4%  infra & metals dragSep 04, 2014, 05.36 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nifty ends below 8100; Bajaj Auto up 4%, infra & metals dip
As the market halted for some breathing space, experts are gung-ho on the market and feel the bull run is here to stay for some more time. Laijawala, MD & Head of Research, Deutsche Equities India says the good times have just begun.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends below 8100; Bajaj Auto up 4%, infra & metals dip
As the market halted for some breathing space, experts are gung-ho on the market and feel the bull run is here to stay for some more time. Laijawala, MD & Head of Research, Deutsche Equities India says the good times have just begun.
Post your opinion here
17:24
Moneycontrol Bureau
After a massive rally, it was a resting day for the bulls today. The market fell prey to profit booking in initial hours but rebounded in late trade. However, the Nifty could not cling on to 8100-mark at end. The 50-share index ended at 8095.95, down 18.65 points. The Sensex slipped 54.01 points at 27085.93.
As the market halted for some breathing space, experts are gung-ho on the market and feel the bull run is here to stay for some more time. Laijawala, MD & Head of Research, Deutsche Equities India says the good times have just begun. “This is going to be a 4-5 year bull market,” says Laijawala. He is one of early bulls to set a big bang year-end Sensex target of 28,000 after BJP's election win, expects the index to hit that mark well before December.
Meanwhile, infra, metals and realty stocks suffered major losses today. Both BHEL and Hindalco lost 4 percent on the BSE.
BHEL reacted to a CLSA report which indicated concerns about the company's financial performance. The brokerage has added BHEL to its conviction sell list as annual report suggested FY14 was one of the worst year on financial metrics.
Another stock which fell on its chin was JP Associates (down 20 percent intraday) as concerns grew with the promoters selling stake. Jaypee Infra Ventures sold almost 3.3 crore shares or 1.45 percent equity shares via the open market in the last three days. However, the company clarified that the promoters sold only 1.45 percent for social cause.
DLF also lost around 9 percent after the Haryana government cancelled the 350-acre land allotment made to the company in 2010.
However, amidst the volatility and profit booking, autos and select midcaps were on buyers’ radar. Bajaj Auto and Hero Moto gained 2-4 percent. NTPC, HDFC and Axis Bank were other gainers in the Sensex.
Oil slipped to around USD 102 a barrel, partially reversing a sharp rise the previous day, with more volatility expected as traders await the European Central Bank meeting and developments on Ukraine.
Meanwhile, India is on high alert after an Al-Qaeda video announced launch of its terror wing in the country. The home ministry has send investigative teams to sensitive areas.
14:00

Chicago-area foreclosures drop 38% in first half0
That decline in activity has been accompanied by more good news- the median sales prices of distressed homes, those that were either short sales or bank-owned homes, rose 39 percent in July from a year ago, according to Midwest Real Estate Data LLC, the local multiple listing provider. However, the median sales price of nondistressed homes fell 15 percent from a year ago.
Likewise, the city's Uptown neighborhood saw only 42 properties change hands in a court-supervised foreclosure auction, 48 percent fewer than 2013's first half. While the median price of distressed properties sold in July rose 17 percent from 12 months earlier, traditional home sellers only saw a median sales price increase of only 4 percent.
Eventually, the combination of a decrease in auction activity and rising distressed property values will benefit the nondistressed home sellers. "It's hard to get properties to appraise for a mortgage that would justify a market price," Cowan said. "As the lender-mediated properties draw better prices, you'll see better comparables. That will take some time to work in."
All six counties saw foreclosure filing activity drop by more than 30 percent, compared with 2013's first half. And that pattern largely held for auction activity, albeit at less impressive declines.The notable outlier was Will County, where first-half filings fell but first-half auctions rose 36 percent from a year ago.
In July, the median sales price of a distressed home in Will County fell 0.3 percent and the median price of a nondistressed home fell almost 4 percent, according to MRED data. By comparison, distressed median home prices in the five other Chicago-area counties posted year-over-year gains that ranged from 5.6 percent in Lake County to 16.2 percent in Kane County. Median prices of traditionally sold homes in those counties posted smaller decreases or were largely flat.
The south and southwest suburbs were harder hit by housing's downfall, but Cowan said he believe there may be societal shifts underway, too.
"It may be people who want urban amenities, who are not as wedded to that post-war suburban home with a white picket fence and a yard or they want to live in smaller spaces with more public amenities," he said. "There is a revival of urbanism. It was 'drive until you qualify.' If you kept going far enough out, the land costs got so low that you could qualify for a mortgage."

Former union minister Sanjeeva Rao passes awayUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Rajahmundry (AP): Congress leader and former union minister Mallipudii Srirama Sanjeeva Rao has passed away after a prolonged illness.
Rao breathed his last on Wednesday at his residence in Kakinada, about 60km from here in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh.
He was 87 and is survived by two sons - former union minister MM Pallam Raju and M Anand, an industrialist. His wife predeceased him.
Rao was elected to Lok Sabha three times on Congress ticket from Kakinada in 1970s and 80s and was a member of the Indira Gandhi Cabinet.
The veteran Congress leader's last rites were performed in Kakinada today.
Rao was elected to Lok Sabha three times on Congress ticket from Kakinada in 1970s and 80s and was a member of the Indira Gandhi Cabinet. He also served as MLA from Ramachandrapuram seat in the district for a brief period.
Leaders of various political parties, including TDP and Congress, condoled his death.

Should it be mandatory for students to listen to PM Modi s Teacher s Day speechWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Noida: Nithari killer Surinder Koli will be hanged on September 12  say jail authoritiesUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Ghaziabad: Nithari serial murderer Surinder Koli will be hanged in Meerut on September 12, the superintendent of the Ghaziabad jail where he is currently lodged, said. A Ghaziabad court had, earlier on Thursday, issued a death warrant against Koli in connection with the brutal killing of a 14-year-old girl Rimpa Halder in 2005.
It sent the warrant to the Uttar Pradesh government for making necessary preparations for Koli's execution.
President Pranab Mukhejree had rejected Koli's mercy petition on July 27 earlier this year. Koli was awarded a death sentence in five of the 16 cases lodged against him.
A Ghaziabad court had, earlier on Thursday, issued a death warrant against Koli in connection with the brutal killing of a 14-year-old girl Rimpa Halder in 2005.
The CBI had filed a chargesheet against him in 16 cases where he had allegedly killed children after sexually abusing them. The case came to light in December 2006 when a girl who was found missing was found murdered later by Koli.
Investigations into the case led the probe team into more gruesome murders of children and their skeletal remains were recovered from a drain adjacent to the house where Koli was working as a domestic servant.
Koli, who brutally killed and later axed children in Nithari locality of Noida in Uttar Pradesh, was awarded death sentence by a lower court which was upheld by the Allahabad high court and confirmed by the Supreme Court on February 15, 2011 for the murder of Rimpa Halder in 2005. Holding that Koli "appears to be the serial killer", the court had said, "No mercy can be shown to him."
A total of 16 cases were registered against Koli. His employer Moninder Singh Pandher, who was also sentenced to death in Rimpa Haldar case, was acquitted by the Allahabad High Court. Out of 16 cases filed against Koli, he has been awarded death sentence in five of them so far and others are still under trial.
Koli had given a graphic detail during his confessional statement where he had claimed to have even cut some of his victims and even cooked it. He also stated that he had sex with some of the victims after killing them. Relying upon the Koli's confessional statement of how he used to allure and kill young girls in Noida, the Supreme Court, while rejecting his mercy petition, had said, "The confessions had been made voluntarily before the magistrate and there is no defect in it."
(With additional information from PTI)

No special favour shown to Saradha arm: IRCTCUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Kolkata: Amid a raging controversy over its reported tie-up with an arm of the Saradha Group, now under CBI probe in connection with the multi crore rupee chit fund scam, the IRCTC on Thursday said the company was empanelled as a sales agent but claimed no "special favour or privilege" was shown to it.
A statement issued by the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) described as "factually incorrect" media reports that Saradha Tours and Travels was a service provider to it.
There have been allegations that in 2010 the company was favoured in getting a contract from the IRCTC for providing logistics support to the 'Bharat Tirth' project announced in the 2010-11 railway budget by Mamata Banerjee, who was then the railway minister.
The Saradha-IRCTC link has created a political furore, with the Congress demanding West Bengal Chief Minister Banerjee's resignation.
In a bid to promote tourism, the scheme envisaged launching of 16 special 'Bharat Tirth' trains, connecting popular tourist sites and pilgrimage centres across the country.
IRCTC, noting it was in the tourism business and empanelment of travel agents for marketing of tourism products was part of its tourism business activities, said: "In line with this, M/s Saradha Tours & Travels Pvt Ltd was empanelled as direct sales agent of IRCTC/East Zone for marketing of tourism products on travel agent's commission basis like several other agents empanelled."
"Out of the three Bharat Tirth Trips originating from Kolkatta, Saradha Tours & Travels had booked passengers in first two trips along with other travel agents," IRCTC said.
The statement disclosed that 185 tickets were booked through Saradha Tours & Travels on commission basis on par with all other travel agents.
"No special privilege or favour was extended to Saradha Tours & Travels Pvt Ltd," it claimed.
The Saradha-IRCTC link has created a political furore, with the Congress demanding West Bengal Chief Minister Banerjee's resignation.
Bharatiya Janata Party state unit chief Rahul Sinha wanted all Trinamool Congress leaders, whose names have been drawn into the scam, should step down form official posts for the sake of investigation.
Former Supreme Court judge Ashok Kumar Ganguly too attacked Banerjee, ridiculing the Trinamool Congress' claim that she was a "symbol of honesty".
But the state's ruling party Trinamool has lashed out at the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), accusing it of functioning as a "political organisation".

Power up open accessApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Rank eyes sale of $4bn packaging unitsSeptember 5, 2014 12:06 am
Rank eyes sale of $4bn packaging units
By Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17441b4c-347d-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar extends robust gains from U.S. data  ECB moveSep 05, 2014, 12.41 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Dollar extends robust gains from U.S. data, ECB move
Dollar extends robust gains from U.S. data, ECB move
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dollar extends robust gains from U.S. data, ECB move
Dollar extends robust gains from U.S. data, ECB move
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The dollar extended the strong gains it posted against most major currencies earlier Thursday in wake of robust U.S. service-sector data coupled with a European Central Bank decision to loosen policy, which pummeled the euro.
In U.S. trading on Thursday, EUR/USD was down 1.58% at 1.2941, the first time below the 1.300 mark since 2013.
The U.S. services sector grew at its strongest pace in August since 2005.
The Institute for Supply Management reported earlier that its services index rose to 59.6 in August from 58.7 in July, far surpassing market forecasts for a downtick to 57.5.
A reading above 50 indicates expansion in the sector, and the index offset lackluster U.S. employment data.
The Labor Department reported that the number of individuals filing for first-time unemployment assistance in the U.S. last week rose by 4,000 to 302,000 from the previous week's total of 298,000.
Analysts had expected jobless claims to rise by 2,000 to 300,000 last week.
Elsewhere, payroll processor ADP reported that its nonfarm payrolls report showed that the private sector added 204,000 jobs in August, missing expectations for jobs growth of 220,000.
At the same time data showed that the U.S. trade deficit narrowed to the lowest in six months in July.
The euro, meanwhile, came under pressures of its own.
The European Central Bank trimmed its benchmark interest rate to a record-low 0.05% from 0.15%, surprising many market analysts who had expected no change.
The central bank also lowered its deposit facility rate to -0.20% from -0.10% previously and its marginal lending rate to 0.30% from 0.40%.
The euro extended losses after ECB President Mario Draghi said the bank will begin an asset-backed securities purchasing program to shore up the recovery and steer the continent away from deflationary decline.
Draghi did not say how much debt the ECB planned to purchase, as further details will emerge in October.
The ECB cut its forecast for growth this year to 0.9% down from 1.0% previously and cut the forecast for 2015 to 1.6% from 1.7%. The bank also lowered its inflation forecast for this year to 0.6% from 0.7% in June.
The dollar was up against the yen, with USD/JPY up 0.44% at 105.24, and up against the Swiss franc, with USD/CHF up 1.60% at 0.9324.
The greenback was up against the pound, with GBP/USD down 0.74% at 1.6338.
In the U.K., the Bank of England voted to keep interest rates on hold at 0.5% and to keep the size of its asset purchase program unchanged at £375 billion.
The minutes of the meeting, due to be published in two weeks, would indicate how many monetary policy committee members voted in favor of a rate hike. The MPC was split last month, with two members voting in favor of a rate increase and two against.
The pound remained under pressure from concerns that support for Scottish independence is gaining momentum ahead of a referendum due to take place on Sept. 18.
The dollar was mixed against its cousins in Canada, Australia and New Zealand, with USD/CAD down 0.07% at 1.0880, AUD/USD up 0.11% at 0.9352 and NZD/USD down 0.29% at 0.8302.
The US Dollar Index, which tracks the performance of the greenback versus a basket of six other major currencies, was up 1.15% at 83.83.
On Friday, investors will shift their focus from Europe across the Atlantic to the U.S., which will release its August jobs report.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Natural gas takes a dive on bearish weekly U.S. stockpile reportSep 04, 2014, 11.13 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Natural gas takes a dive on bearish weekly U.S. stockpile report
Natural gas takes a dive on bearish weekly U.S. stockpile report
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Natural gas takes a dive on bearish weekly U.S. stockpile report
Natural gas takes a dive on bearish weekly U.S. stockpile report
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Natural gas prices took a dive on Thursday after a widely-watched report revealed that U.S. inventories grew more last week than markets were anticipating.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, natural gas futures for delivery in October were down 1.26% at $3.799 per million British thermal units during U.S. trading. The commodity hit a session low of $3.791, and a high of $3.879.
The October contract settled down 1.11% on Wednesday to end at $3.847 per million British thermal units.
Natural gas futures were likely to find support at $3.732 per million British thermal units, the low from Aug. 17, and resistance at $4.078, Tuesday's high.
The Energy Information Administration reported earlier that U.S. natural gas storage rose by 79 billion cubic feet in the week ending Aug. 29 from 75 billion cubic feet in the preceding month.
Analysts were expected a build of 73 billion cubic feet, and the greater-than-expected figure softened natural gas prices.
Stocks were 471 billion cubic feet less than last year at this time and 495 billion cubic feet below the five-year average of 3.204 trillion cubic feet.
In the East Region, stocks were 228 billion cubic feet below the five-year average following net injections of 59 billion cubic feet.
Stocks in the Producing Region were 221 billion cubic feet below the 5-year average of 1.042 trillion cubic feet after a net injection of 10 billion cubic feet.
Stocks in the West Region were 46 billion cubic below the five-year average after a net addition of 10 billion cubic feet.
At 2.709 trillion cubic feet, total working gas is below the five-year historical range.
Elsewhere on the NYMEX, light sweet crude oil futures for delivery in October were down 0.82% at $94.76 a barrel, while heating oil for October delivery were down 0.68% at $2.8462 per gallon.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

U.S. should lead on clean energy: Hillaryenvironmental issues
Former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said Thursday that the U.S. should become what she called the world’s 21-century clean energy superpower, during remarks resembling both a campaign speech and a call to action at the annual National Clean Energy Summit in Las Vegas.
Ms. Clinton cast the threat of global climate change as real and “the most consequential, urgent, sweeping collection of challenges” faced by the nation and the world.
“The data is unforgiving,” the former New York senator and first lady said to a standing-room crowd of more than 800 people at a Las Vegas Strip resort. “No matter what the deniers try to assert. Sea levels are rising. Ice caps are melting. Storms, droughts and wildfires are wreaking havoc.”
“The threat is real, but so is the opportunity,” she said.
Ms. Clinton, widely considered a leading Democratic candidate for president, used her speech to plug her book “Hard Choices” and the work of the Clinton Climate Initiative arm of a foundation established in 2005 by her husband, former President Bill Clinton.
She also segued into the topic of the day in Nevada at the seventh annual green energy conference hosted by U.S. Senate Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid.
Ms. Clinton credited northern Nevada’s selection for a $5 billion Tesla automobile battery plant to the emergence of Nevada as a leader in solar, wind and geothermal energy projects.
Ms. Clinton’s speech to a standing-room crowd of more than 800 marked her return to the Las Vegas Strip hotel where a 36-year-old Phoenix woman was arrested in April after throwing a shoe but missing Ms. Clinton on stage. Security was tight, with federal agents and local police visible, and there was no similar disruption on Thursday.
Once, Ms. Clinton referred to the 112 countries she said she visited as secretary of state. She said she came away optimistic about what the U.S. can do “when we decide we’re in the futures business in America.”
“If we come together to make the hard choices, the smart investment in infrastructure, technology and environmental protection, America can be the clean-energy superpower for the 21st century,” she said.

Chuck Todd to Interview Obama on  Meet the Presschuck todd to interview obama on  meet the press
NATO offers comprehensive support to UkraineNATO offers comprehensive support to Ukraine
Havas Media Group India retains MTS India accountHavas Media Group India retains MTS India account
India Inc s Power List: Most powerful CEOs of 2014India Inc s Power List: Most powerful CEOs of 2014
Investors hold on to stocks for profitInvestors hold on to stocks for profit
Select panel on Insurance Bill holds first meetSelect panel on Insurance Bill holds first meet
Could Music Education Be The Key To Ending The Achievement GapStudy: Music Education Could Help Close The Achievement Gap Between Poor And Affluent Students
Posted:
Updated:
09/02/2014  6:59 pm EDT
A new study from Northwestern University researchers found that music education can improve the brain functioning of at-risk children. | Nina Kraus
reddit
Closing the achievement gap between low-income and affluent students could be as simple as do-re-mi.
In a study out Tuesday from Northwestern University, researchers looked at the impact of music education on at-risk children’s nervous systems and found that music lessons could help them develop language and reading skills. The study is the first to document the influence of after-school music education on the brains of disadvantaged children, as opposed to affluent children receiving private lessons.
Researchers from the Auditory Neuroscience Laboratory at Northwestern spent two summers with children in Los Angeles who were receiving music lessons through Harmony Project, a non-profit organization providing free music education to low-income students. In order to document how music education changed children’s brains, students were hooked up to a neural probe that allowed researchers to see how children “distinguished similar speech sounds, a neural process that is linked to language and reading skills,” according to a press release.
Photo of Harmony Project student, courtesy of Dr. Nina Kraus.
Students from the study, ages six to nine, were divided into two groups. The first group consisted of children who received two years of music education by the end of the study, while the second group of children had only received one year of lessons. This led researchers to discover that children’s brains only started to respond to the music education after two years of lessons. One year was not enough to have a definitive impact.
“We used a quick but powerful neural probe that allowed us to gauge speech processing with unprecedented precision. With it, we found that the brain changes only followed two years of music training,” Dr. Nina Kraus, director of Northwestern’s Auditory Neuroscience Laboratory, said in a press release. “These findings are a testament that it’s a mistake to think of music education as a quick fix, but that if it’s an ongoing part of children’s education, making music can have a profound and lifelong impact on listening and learning.”
Photo of Harmony Project students, courtesy of Dr. Nina Kraus.
Leaders at Harmony Project approached the researchers after the non-profit observed that their students were performing much better than other public school students in the area. Since 2008, over 90 percent of high school seniors who participated in Harmony Project’s free music lessons went on to college, even though the high school dropout rates in the surrounding Los Angeles areas can reach up to 50 percent, according to a Northwestern press release.
“Now we know this success is rooted, at least in part, in the unique brain changes imparted by making music,” Dr. Margaret Martin, founder of Harmony Project, said in the press release.
Kraus told The Huffington Post that the study could be a case for expanding music education in school.
“It would appear that music is an effective strategy for helping to close the achievement gap,” Kraus said. “What seems to be happening is that this experience of making music is helping to create a more efficient brain, a brain that is going to be able to help a person learn and communicate, especially through sound.”
The Harmony Project and the Auditory Neuroscience Laboratory have teamed up before to study how music education impacts students’ grades. Researchers previously showed that after one year, second-grade students participating in Harmony Project maintained or improved their grades. This compares to peers from the same schools whose grades’ dipped after not participating in music lessons .
“Existing research indicates that kids from poor homes are not learning to read in the first four years of school –- while kids from middle-class and affluent homes are,” Martin previously told The Atlantic. “Given the importance of reading in achieving an education, this finding is stunning.”
Earlier on HuffPost:
Overall Child Well-Being By State
of

Australia set to sign civil nuclear deal with India during PM Tony Abbott s visitApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Jayalalithaa defies PM Narendra Modi  says no to  Guru Utsav  on Teachers  DayApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Power crisis: 56 plants at critical levelsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Delhi kicks off APMC reforms  other states stallApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

After killing of journalist Steven Sotloff  Barack Obama says will "degrade and destroy" Islamic StateApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Power crisis: Attempt to lower tariffs set off Mumbai outageApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan  one year onApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Deadly credit card stealing virus of  Trojan  family prowling in cyberspaceApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Celebrity nude photos leak case: Scarlett Johansson had won convictionApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Rand Paul s Evolution On Iraq Is Fully CompleteRand Paul's Evolution On Iraq Is Fully Complete
Posted:
Updated:
09/03/2014 10:59 pm EDT
Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky. listens he is introduced to speak by Iowa Republican congressional candidate Rod Blum, left, during a meeting with local Republicans, Tuesday, Aug. 5, 2014, in Hiawatha, Iowa. (AP Photo/Charlie Neibergall) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) raised eyebrows this weekend when he endorsed one of the most hawkish positions toward the Islamic State militants currently wreaking havoc in Iraq and Syria.
"If I were president, I would call a joint session of Congress," Paul told the AP . "I would lay out the reasoning of why ISIS is a threat to our national security and seek congressional authorization to destroy ISIS militarily."
That put the self-professed non-interventionist to the right of many of his fellow presidential hopefuls, who sounded more tentative notes when asked about the proper U.S. response. Seeking to "destroy ISIS militarily" would require some sort of ground presence in the region, and involve larger American engagement in another Middle East conflict.
But during an interview on Sean Hannity's radio show on Wednesday, Paul sought to clarify that position. The libertarian-leaning senator said that Iran, Syria, and Turkey could be “enjoined” in fighting Islamic State militants because of their proximity and interest in the region.
“Right now, the two allies that have the same goal would be Iran and Syria, to wipe out ISIS. They also have the means and the ability and they also have the incentive to do so because Assad’s clinging for power and clinging for life there,” Paul said, as quoted by BuzzFeed .
The possible presidential contender also said that while the U.S. can provide air support, other nations should ultimately take the lead in rooting out Islamic State militants on the ground.
“So I also think that Turks really should be enjoined in this. And I do think that there can be a role for America. But I would rather see the president come to a joint session of Congress, [ask] for permission, and if he gets it, I still would like to see the ground troops and the battles being fought by those who live there. We can give both technological as well as air support. That could be the decisive factor in this," Paul said.
While President Barack Obama promised Wednesday to "degrade and destroy” the extremist group after they beheaded a second American journalist, he has held off on escalating U.S. airstrikes outside a small area of Iraq. It's unclear from Paul's remarks, however, whether he supports going after ISIS in its haven in Syria.
Paul's proposed path to intervention has complicated recent attacks he has levied against members of both parties, including a key contrast he has tried to make between himself and other prospective 2016 challengers. After he initially made the case against U.S. intervention in Iraq in June, Paul expressed " mixed feelings " about airstrikes later that month. He then followed up by criticizing "war hawks" like Hillary Clinton, only to advocate for war himself two days later.
Also on HuffPost:

Stifling controls or self-regulationApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Sensex snaps 9-day winning streak; metals fallBSE sensex
(Analysts remain bullish…)
MUMBAI: The BSE Sensex today retreated from life-time highs to end 54 points lower at 27,085.93 due to profit booking by investors in bluechips after a nine-day strong rally.
The 30-share Sensex, which had gained over 825 points in the previous nine sessions, dipped below the 27,000-mark to hit the day's low of 26,972.39 after oil, banking, metal and IT stocks fell. However, the barometer trimmed some of the losses due to late buying and it settled at 27,085.93, a decline of 54.01 points, or 0.20 per cent over the last close.
Yesterday, the BSE benchmark index had ended at all-time closing high of 27,139.94 and had also hit intra-day high of 27,225.85 on sustained foreign funds inflows.
The 50-scrip NSE Nifty slipped below the 8,100-mark to touch a low of 8,060.90. It ended 18.65 points, or 0.23 per cent lower at 8,095.95.
The gauge yesterday concluded at record 8,114.60 after scaling a life-time (intra-day) high of 8,141.90.
Brokers said the market was in an "over-bought" position and participants adopted a cautious approach and preferred to lighten some positions by booking profits.
Selling was more pronounced in realty, metal, capital goods and oil and gas sector stocks, which pulled down the key indices - Sensex and Nifty - from record highs.
BHEL was the biggest Sensex loser, plunging by 4.44 per cent, while Hindalco declined by 3.40 per cent.
DLF tanked 8.60 per cent after the Punjab and Haryana High Court set aside the state government's decision to allot 350 acres of land in Gurgaon to the realty major in 2010.
Among Sensex components, 19 stocks ended in negative territory, while 11 closed higher.
The BSE Realty Index suffered the most by falling 4.42 per cent, followed by Metal Index (1.50 pc), Capital goods index (1.00 pc), Oil and Gas (0.53 pc) PSU Index (0.51 pc) and Power Index (0.49 per cent).
A weakening trend on other Asian markets and a lower opening on the European markets as investors awaited the European Central Bank's next steps on interest rates and quantitative easing, also triggered selling, brokers said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

I will recuse myself from coal scam probe if SC orders so: CBI chiefPrint
Terming it as "deliberate character assassination", Sinha claimed that he has not favoured anyone and the courts are there to scrutinise every paper.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 4, 2014 9:31 pm | Updated: September 4, 2014 9:38 pm
Under attack for allegedly meeting officials of companies accused in 2G scam, CBI Director Ranjit Sinha on Thursday said that he would recuse himself from the ongoing probe in Coal scam if the Supreme Court ordered so.
His reaction comes within hours of an NGO filing an application before the apex court demanding that he be kept away from the coal block allocation scam probe because he interfered with it.
The application filed by NGO – Common Cause – referred to a document showing ingress and egress into his official residence which contains names of “influential” persons allegedly involved in the coalgate scam.
“I will recuse myself from coal scam investigations if Supreme Court orders so,” Sinha said.
At the fag end of his career, Sinha has been in controversy lately because of a register which purportedly shows entry to his residence of personnel working with companies accused in 2G and coalgate scams.
Interestingly, Moin Qureshi, a meat exporter, against whom the Income tax department has launched a probe for alleged tax evasion, is also shown as having had frequent meetings with him.
However, the Director said he was his friend and there was no criminal investigations pending against him.
Terming it as “deliberate character assassination”, Sinha claimed that he has not favoured anyone and the courts are there to scrutinise every paper and every aspect of investigations being carried out by the agency.
He said that corporate rivalry was well known in this country and unfortunately this time they were trying to engulf the CBI by carrying out malicious campaign against him.
Another NGO – Centre for Public Interest Litigation – had stated in the Supreme Court that a visitor register of his residence showed that officials of the accused telecom companies used to regularly frequent his residence.
However, the Director contended that all the 2G scam cases were probed before he took over as Director on December 2, 2012. His tenure ends in December this year.

JP Associates  stock cracks 18%BS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 10:45 PM IST
JP Associates' stock cracks 18%
Company says drop caused by rumours planted by people with 'vested interests'
New Delhi-based infrastructure company Jaiprakash Associates on Thursday saw one of its biggest drops in share prices, following panic among investors after one of its promoters reduced stake in it.
Promoter group firm Jaypee Infra Ventures, which owned nearly 30 per cent stake in JP Associates, pared its holding by 1.45 per cent in a few trading sessions between Monday and Wednesday. And, the shares of JP Associates, after dropping as much as 20 per cent, ended 17.6 per cent lower on Thursday to Rs 37.7. This was the worst fall since January 2009, when it had declined around 30 per cent.
To assuage investor concerns, the company issued a statement that “rumours are being planted in the market by persons with vested interests, suggesting that the promoters are selling their shareholding...leading to inflow of queries from investors”.
JP Associates’ market capitalisation was a little over Rs 9,000 crore after the correction. It has a large number of institutional shareholders. Among the large domestic ones are state-owned Life Insurance Corporation and asset management companies HDFC MF, Sundaram Asset and Prudential ICICI AMC. Some large foreign investors also have holdings, such as HSBC, T Rowe Price, Vanguard and Credit Suisse.
Incidentally, the company had raised about $250 million (Rs 1,500 crore) in July from several institutional investors by way of a qualified institutional placement (QIP). It saw a good response and took place at Rs 70.3 a share, 86 per cent higher than the current market price. The share sale was managed by CLSA and Standard Chartered. Following the QIP, the scrip had climbed to around Rs 88 a share. So far this calendar, shares of JP Associates are down around 30 per cent, as against a 30 per cent gain in the benchmark indices.
“It is clarified and confirmed for information of all stakeholders that the promoters of Jaiprakash Associates continue to have full faith in the company and hope that the investors/ stakeholders would continue to have confidence in the company and its management, as hitherto," the company said.
JP Associates said the promoter entity had reduced its holding from 29.75 per cent to 28.3 per cent “to meet its requirement of funds, including for social causes”.
Shares of other JP group companies also took a beating on Thursday. Jaiprakash Power Ventures fell nearly six per cent to Rs 13.55 and while Jaypee Infratech dropped 11 per cent to Rs 29.
Currently, the 12-month price target on JP Associates by consensus Bloomberg estimates is Rs 69 a share.
 Advertisements

Modi government may let pension funds flood Dalal Street» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Narendra Modi government may allow EPFO to invest in markets, Rs 6,000 crore to flow into stocks annually
By Vikas Dhoot , ET Bureau | 5 Sep, 2014, 06.52AM IST
0
Share More
Proposed change in norms may funnel Rs 6,000 crore annually into stocks, making PF body second-biggest domestic investor.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government may shatter a longstanding bar on the state-run pension fund putting money into equities, sending a flood of money — estimated at Rs 6,000 crore per year at least — into the stock markets, potentially making this the biggest source of domestic institutional investment after LIC.
Such a move, which comes as attractive returns from the Indian stock markets have drawn the world's biggest pension funds, could ease some of the concentration of risk that stems from overseas investors dominating the market, experts said. India's largest retirement fund, the Rs 6.5-lakh-crore Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO), has finally opened its mind about entering the stock market , after nearly a decade of resistance to a finance ministry pitch to park a part of its kitty in equities.
To start with, it is looking at deploying 5% of its corpus in stocks , index funds and exchange-traded funds, based on the recommendation of a high-level panel set up by EPFO that ET has reviewed. To make this possible, EPFO has said the obsolete Indian Trusts Act, 1882, needs to be amended to allow trusts to invest in securities that are not backed by the government. The UPA regime had introduced a Bill to carry out these changes in 2009, but it let the legislation lapse though a parliamentary panel led by BJP's Murli Manohar Joshi had given its approval.
Annual fund flow to EPFO kitty set to rise
Annual inflows into the EPFO kitty amount to about Rs 60,000 crore but are expected to go up sharply thanks to an increase in the salary ceiling for statutory provident fund (PF) contributions from Rs 6,500 per month to Rs 15,000 per month, effective from September 1.
The change of stance on equities within EPFO, the country's second-largest nonbanking financial institution after Life Insurance Corporation , is being driven by two imperatives — the need to generate better returns for members and an inability to find suitable investment options that can be compounded by the higher accretions to its corpus expected in the coming months.
In internal presentations to board members, top PF officials have said the annual EPF rate has been lower than consumer price inflation in four of the past five years, so there is a need to boost returns by considering equity, infrastructure and real estate investments that pension funds around the world use to prevent the erosion of savings through this avenue. Over 85% of EPFO's money is currently held in government bonds while the rest is parked in debentures or securities issued by banks and public sector enterprises. Though investments in private sector debt are allowed, the norms are so strict that only 5.65% of its corpus is invested in such bonds out of a permissible allocation of 10%.
Conservative back-of-the-envelope calculations indicate that 5% of incremental inflows earmarked for equity investments could add up to around Rs 6,000 crore a year. In 2011-12, LIC had invested Rs 50,000 crore in equities. By contrast, overseas funds invested Rs 47,000 crore in equities in that year to March — the lowest since 2008-09.
Page 1 of 2

NSE to shift scrips of 19 cos to restricted segmentYou are here: Home > Collections
NSE to shift scrips of 19 companies to restricted segment from September 9
PTI Sep 4, 2014, 08.46PM IST
Tags:
Bharatiya Global Infomedia
(The move is part of "surveillance…)
MUMBAI: Leading stock exchange NSE will shift securities of 19 companies to the restricted trading segment from September 9, to ensure safety of the investors.
The stocks to be moved to the trade-for-trade or the 'T' group segment include that of JBM Auto, Panasonic Appliances India Company, Kemrock Industries and Exports, Saregama India, an NSE circular said today.
Under the trade-for-trade segment no speculative trading is allowed and delivery of shares and payment of consideration amount are mandatory.
The move is part of "surveillance review and with a view to ensure market safety and safeguard the interest of investors ," the circular said.
"Members are requested to take adequate precaution while trading in the above securities, as the settlement will be done on trade-to-trade basis and no netting off will be allowed," the exchange said.
Further, NSE said it would shift securities of 29 firms to the normal segment with effect from September 9.
NRB Industrial Bearings, Emkay Global Financial Services , Jindal Poly Investment and Finance Company, Gujarat Lease Financing arer some of the firms which would be transferred to the normal trading segment.
The bourse also said that securities of 70 companies including Ramco Systems and Bharatiya Global Infomedia , would continue in the trade-for-trade segment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Former Virginia Gov. Robert McDonnell guilty of public corruptionBy Mark Berman September 4 Follow @markberman
Robert F. McDonnell, the former governor of Virginia, and his wife, Maureen, have been found guilty of multiple counts of corruption. The McDonnells received the news in a Richmond courtroom on Thursday afternoon, following a rather gripping trial that saw McDonnell become the first Virginia governor in history to be charged with a crime. On Thursday, he added another distinction: The first Virginia governor convicted of one.
Here is our running liveblog on the outcome of the trial. And here is our story on the guilty verdicts and what happened leading up to this.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He anchors Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409858850/1409858850000/1409858850 tracking: {authors=Mark Berman, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=former-virginia-gov-robert-mcdonnell-guilty-of-public-corruption, post_id=10976, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 7:27:30 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 7:27:30 PM

Empower the coal regulatorApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Email inventor Shiva Ayyadurai seeks public ...You are here: Home > Collections > Controversy
Email ‘inventor’ Shiva Ayyadurai seeks public support against his detractors, avoids legal action for now
Jayadevan PK & Varun Sood, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.02AM IST
Tags:
Ayurveda
BANGALORE: Shiva Ayyadurai , the man in the middle of a raging controversy over his claims of being the inventor of email, doesn't want to go legal on his detractors but is looking for support from the public. "Lawsuits take a long time. If I have to pull the trigger I will. But I have decided to go directly to the people," Ayyadurai said in an interview with ET.
"When Deepak Chopra started talking of ayurveda in the US, he was attacked. His advice was to go directly to the people," he said. Ayyadurai, an American of Indian origin who insists that he is in fact the inventor of email, is once again right in the middle of a global controversy—not surprising given the grandiose nature of the claim. Did he, or did he not, invent electronic mail? After hearing his talk at an event hosted by spiritual guru Deepak Chopra, Huffington Post founder Arianna Huffington decided to commission a series of articles on the history of email, Ayyadurai, 50, said.
The controversy is one of those stories on the Internet that refuse to die, in spite of having been written about and argued over many times. Some experts including Sabeer Bhatia , co-founder of Hotmail, dismiss Ayyadurai's claims and say that email was developed by the Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency (Darpa) in the 1960s.
(That US organization played a critical role in the birth of the Internet.) Ayyadurai says email was born in a city in New Jersey not exactly known for technological breakthroughs. "In 1978, there was a 14-year-old boy working in Newark. He did in fact create the inter-office mail system and called it email. What they did before 1978 was text messaging. The facts are coming out now in 2014," said Ayyadurai, referring to his younger self.
Credit for the invention has been appropriated by defence contractor Raytheon, which built a brand for itself based on the claim, he said. Raytheon declined to comment. The controversy captured the public imagination first in 2012, when the Smithsonian Museum acquired some documents from Ayyadurai, following which articles calling him the inventor of email surfaced. His claims were promptly refuted by critics.
Computer historian Thomas Haigh was quick to point out in 2012: "Electronic mail, or email, was introduced at MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology) in 1965 and was widely discussed in the press during the 1970s. Tens of thousands of users were swapping messages daily by 1980."
His critics have said that in 1982, Ayyadurai merely copyrighted the term 'email' and the code he wrote and that such messaging existed long before 1978. However, he says that it was the only way to protect software as patents didn't cover software in those days. According to him, critics find it hard to believe that a 14-year-old Indian in a backwater like Newark could invent something as massive and socially significant as email.
"Fundamentally there is a narrative around where innovation can come out from... the innovators' spirit of America still exists. However, there is a narrative in America which goes like--you must go to MIT to get your calling card. Or you go to Harvard and then you drop out and then you've made it," he said. Entrepreneur-turned-academic Vivek Wadhwa said there was no basis for such an argument.
"There is no such discrimination between East Coast and West Coast. After all, Bell Labs—which was long the center of innovation--was from New Jersey. Also, IBM , DEC (Digital Equipment Corp.), and Unisys were East Coast companies and were big players around the time he made his claims. In those days, the East Coast was the centre of innovation—not West Coast."
The Mumbai-born Ayyadurai has come a long way from New Jersey, having himself gone to MIT and obtained a PhD in biological engineering from the premier school. His personal website bears the motto 'Know the truth, be the light, find your way' and bears a picture of him posing with Prime Minister Narendra Modi along his book, The Email Revolution.
Ayyadurai, who moved with his family to the US when he was seven, is currently running a new company that he believes will be bigger than email. He's raised $1.5 million for Cytosolve, which aims to build a new way to model molecular reactions of a human cell on a computer, he said. "Now we can model molecular reactions on the computer to revolutionise the entire process of multi-combination therapeutics," said Ayyadurai. "Cytosolve is a big innovation and is going to be the next billion dollar company," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US had warned Delhi of Qaedas designs in Augustprint
The United States alerted India about al Qaeda’s plans to expand operations into the Indian sub-continent in late August, sources said on Thursday, as part of the two countries’ close intelligence cooperation that is set to become stronger during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Washington later this month.
Government sources told HT that al Qaeda chief Ayman al Zawahri’s video statement did not come as a surprise to Indian agencies, which see it as a response to the growing clout of ISIS among Islamic radicals.
“Zawahri’s statement of launching al Qaeda in the Indian sub-continent is a desperate attempt to stop the radicals from gravitating towards the so-called caliphate declared by ISIS’ Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi,” said a top Indian counter-terror operative.
“This is not only competitive jihad but also an attempt by al Qaeda to recapture lost ground among Sunni Muslim radicals. It is a matter of serious concern to India as the new branch will launch terror attacks as spectacular and gruesome as ISIS’ beheading tapes.”
“Zawahri fell out with al-Baghdadi over the question of support to the al Nusra group in Syria in 2011.
Read: Asim Umar, man who will head South Asia branch of al Qaeda
The internal security establishment has taken Zawahri’s tape very seriously with counter-terror agencies directly talking to state police chiefs on Thursday and asking them to take pro-active steps in case radicals decide to fly al Qaeda flags in support.
Already, ISIS flags have been seen in Kashmir Valley and on T-shirts worn by some Muslim youth in Tamil Nadu. “A country-wide alert by the multi-agency centre has been sounded since morning and efforts are being made to reach out to (the) Muslim community to report in case youth are being radicalized in the name of al Qaeda,” said a senior home ministry official.
While the US tip-off to the Research and Analysis Wing (RA&W) gave Indian agencies extra time to prepare for the new al Qaeda branch, South Block is seriously looking at setting up a joint group on countering violent extremism (CVE) so that critical information on radical Salafi groups could be shared in real time.
“The purpose of CVE interaction is to study the way US is preparing legislative framework against Muslim youth joining global jihad with ISIS in Iraq and see whether a similar variation can be applied in India,” said an intelligence official.
Read: States on alert after al Qaeda announces India wing
Counter-terrorism officials expect Zawahiri will use the al Qaeda-affiliated, Af-Pak-based Ansar ul Tauhid group for attacks in the sub-continent, particularly as its members were earlier with the Indian Mujahideen.
Ansar ul Tauhid was set up after Indian radicals from Azamgarh and Bhatkal broke away from IM founders Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal, due to interference from Pakistan’s ISI in selecting Indian targets, and joined al Qaeda.

PM plays drums in Japan while India suffers: RahulIn a direct attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Rahul Gandhi on Thursday said he was "playing drums" in Japan while people suffered from power crisis and soaring vegetable prices.
File photo: Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi at Parliament in New Delhi. (PTI photo)
The Congress vice-president said Modi came to power by making big promises and but his government is yet to even begin working on them despite completing 100 days in office.
Read: BJP hits back at Rahul Gandhi for attacking Modi
"They had made big promises but where is the result? They might have forgotten so let me remind them. They said they will change the country, bring down prices, reduce corruption.
100 days are over. "At least begin working now. People say they have not even started working. The PM is playing drum in Japan while there is no electricity here and prices are rising," he told reporters.
During his recent visit to Japan, Modi had tried his hand at playing drum while taking part in a function.
On a two-day visit to his Lok Sabha constituency Amethi, Rahul admitted to differences in opinion in Congress over issues and said there has always been "this type of tension" in the party. The party will deal with the issue, he said.
A group of young Congress leaders, including 15 AICC secretaries, recently decided to write to senior leaders against what they claimed was attempt to damage the party's image by making controversial statements outside party fora.
It is being seen as a rallying of support for Gandhi within the party after comments of several party leaders were seen as a disapproval of his leadership style.
"Congress party is an old organisation... There are multiple voices and all those voices will bring solution to the party," he said.
Rahul earlier faced some grilling by his electorate over power crisis in the area and said he has written a letter to the Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav in this regard.
He arrived this morning and visited the villages which had fetched him large numbers of votes in the recent Lok Sabha elections.

Vijay Mallya will have to step down as MCFL chairman if wilful defaulter tag sticks  hints PoddarApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

India increases army trainings in friendly c...Global strategic move: India increases defence trainings in Asia, Africa and Latin America
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 03.53AM IST
(Apart from Namibia and Ethiopia,…)
NEW DELHI: India is subtly increasing defence training programmes in friendly countries in southeast Asia Africa and Latin America, with a global strategic objective.
Besides training military officers and personnel of Afghanistan, Myanmar, Bangladesh, Asean, African and Latin American nations in domestic training facilities, Indian trainers are also visiting countries like Laos and Vietnam and Namibia and Ethiopia to impart military training, official sources told ET.
These are friendly countries with which India has extensive diplomatic contacts, sources pointed out. The training is not just about combat readiness but also involves basic modules like rock climbing and assisting in building infrastructure in these countries.
While in Southeast Asia, India is eyeing to play a larger strategic role, military cooperation with the African countries is in the context of maritime security cooperation and anti-piracy operations. "The defence cooperation with Africa has also to be viewed in the context of South-South cooperation," explained an official who did not wish to be named.
Apart from Namibia and Ethiopia, Indian defence trainers are extending cooperation to other countries of Africa that are not facing civil war. Ethiopia has been a key political and economic partner in East Africa. Namibia in South West Africa has political relations with India since the days of its anti-colonial movement and has also signed a uranium supply deal with India.
Deba Mohanty, a Delhi-based defence expert told ET that the Narendra Modi government has the political will to expand defence cooperation globally in the coming days. The officers and personnel from the Afghan National Army is being trained in India since the fall of Taliban in 2001 and the number of trainees has increased significantly in recent times, sources said. Military of ficers from Myanmar also receive training in India following closer defence links between the two countries.
Bangladesh, which did not send many military officers earlier to India is now deputing several personnel for training in India. India-Bangladesh relations have seen a marked improvement since 2009 and service chiefs and high-ranking officials from both countries have been visiting each other's country in the last few years. Besides training programs for these developing countries, India also trains military personnel from Singapore and Oman under self-financing scheme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

I am punching above my weightUpdated: September 4, 2014 19:42 IST
‘I am punching above my weight’
ANUJ KUMAR
Special Arrangement BRING IT ON! Priyanka Chopra in a still from “Mary Kom”.
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
Fear of failure should not stop one from trying, says Priyanka Chopra in a candid chat
As Priyanka Chopra sets out to become our very own “Million Dollar Baby” by featuring in and as “Mary Kom”, she can feel the weight of the mantle. “It is a huge responsibility. Mary and her husband Onler have shared the deep fears that we discuss within family with me. Training in boxing and working out in gym is easier stuff. If I train hard I might become a decent boxer, if I go to gym regularly I will develop muscles but depicting the emotional core was my real concern. Will the people be able to feel Mary’s struggle through me. I am punching above my weight like Mary did in Olympics,” says Priyanka in an interview on the wheels. One joins her in her black Audi as she criss-crosses Delhi and NCR on a whirlwind tour with my driver in his modest Santro trying to outpace the sedan to have a look at the star whose glamorous image often outpaces the actor.
According to her the film will help her give the dignity that Mary deserves not just as sportsperson but also as a lady and somebody who comes from the Northeast. Few know that the Olympic medallist’s father-in-law was shot dead and it almost ended her career. “We have touched upon various issues that shaped Mary’s life and insurgency is one of them.” Is that the reason that the film is not releasing in Manipur? “Hindi films are banned in Manipur for more than a decade. It is a very delicate matter and we should not be judgmental about it.” But it is about their daughter? “But it is still a Hindi film. And you can gauge people’s anger from their decision. I feel for Mary’s sake it should have released. She is an icon there. But outsiders should not comment on what happens in someone’s house and I guess we are outsiders in this case. It is not fair for me to comment on such a big decision taken by the people of a State. However, when I went there I found that they know all my films and most of my songs. We danced on “Desi Girl”. Mary has herself tried but if it doesn’t happen I will say it was not in the film’s fate.”
With most of the cast drawn from the Northeast, chances are that Priyanka might become the odd one out. “Mary’s Hindi is poor and if we had spoken her way a large section of the audience would not have understood the dialogues. So we have taken a creative liberty to keep the dialogues in Hindi. However, there were dialect coaches, who helped me develop a Manipuri accent like the way I worked on Marathi twang in Kaminey. I spent time with Mary at her house. I went to her school, her church, her father’s home. I even peeped into her cupboards. She was shy about it but I was adamant.”
Priyanka says she was aware of the fact that there is little physical similarity between the two. “I am an actor. And if I fail to dissolve myself into a character it will be my failure. Our faces don’t match. So it was all the more important for me to bring her personality out. I want people to believe after a few scenes that they are watching Mary Kom. I don’t want to play Priyanka Chopra.” “By the way,” she adds, “we did try prosthetics and VFX to match eyebrows and all but then it was looking too gimmicky. As a team we decided to encapsulate her spirit.”
But we have often seen when stars are surrounded by a fresh support cast their performance starts looking rehearsed. “I have not thought so much about it. Ab main play kar rahi hoon naa. Ab main hoon Priyanka Chopra ab main kya karoon,” counters Priyanka adding when she gets passionate she switches to Hindi.
“This is not a docudrama,” she emphasises. Now Onler and Mary would not have been singing songs but we are doing it in the film. Onler liked it. Mary asked me why I don’t dance because she dances very well. I said, ‘Mary if we show you dancing we would be slammed.’ I have sung in the film because she loves singing. In a scene Mary sings to her child.”
And when it comes to the core, Priyanka finds Mary’s story an extension of her as a woman. “Like her for me my personal space precedes everything else. I also feel why can’t a mother who is supposed to be a home maker could be a professional as well.” Perhaps Mary’s father was not as supportive as hers. “My father was supportive of me only when my mother decided to be with me because I was 17 when I went for Miss World pageant. In small cities our upbringing is such that we tend to protect our daughters,” she relates.
Priyanka says the film is not just for girls. “It is for every young person who is told that because of your condition and circumstances you can’t achieve your dreams. There is scene in the film where Mary shaves her head in protest. Which girl will do it I asked and somebody might say it is fictional but it is a fact.”
The so-called protectors of Indian culture don’t like to associate adjectives like ziddi (obstinate) with girls. “Mary Kom” celebrates the propensity to be stubborn about your goals with a song called “Ziddi”. Cynics might say that Priyanka is leading the girls astray. “Male audience need to understand that girls are not their property. She is not a commodity whose volume or setting you can change at will. Onler says that he doesn’t mind if somebody laughs at him but he is not ready to listen a single word against Mary’s profession. We need this kind of security in a man that he says that I will take care of kids, you go and fight.”
And critics need to understand that Priyanka will return to her glamorous avatar after this one. “I am not one of those actresses who want to fit into a mould. I did ‘Aitraaz’ in my second year in the industry. I was a villain in the film and I was told that from now I will be cast as a vamp. When I did ‘Fashion’, I was told nobody watches female-oriented films but the film took an opening. When I did ‘Don’ I was told heroines are not supposed to indulge in serious action. I am a game changer and I want every girl should have the courage to experiment. The fear of failure should not stop. I went to another country and made music. If we won’t take risks in our youth then when will we. There is nothing like do or die in life.”
When she is so sorted and articulate why did she not respond to some hard hitting questions from the Internet users recently? “They were in my personal space.” Asking whether she uses auto tune while singing doesn’t amount to breaching the personal space...
“When I make muscles they say that they have been Photoshopped. When I sing they say I use auto tune. When I drove a bike in ‘Don’, they said I used a body double. According to them I can’t do anything on my own and I am fabricated but I know how much hard work I put in and believe that some day I will be accepted as a person who could do multi-tasking,” jabs Priyanka as the journey comes to a halt.

Kalyan Singh takes oath as Rajasthan Governor amid Jai Shri Ram slogansApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Man who stopped Lagaan march at Oscars is back with his latest  a made in India filmApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Supreme Court upholds Urdu as second official language in Uttar PradeshApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Nifty seen opening flat; have strong support at 8060 levelsDow Jones
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open flat on Friday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets . Tracking the momentum, the index may head lower but has a strong support around 8,060 levels.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 5 points lower at 8,130 indicating flat-to-negative negative opening on the domestic market.
After six continuous positive days Nifty ended the day with a loss of 18 points at 8095 on Thursday. The index witnessed some bit of profit booking however Nifty respected the support of 8060.
"Intraday support levels are placed at 8060 and 8030 where resistance levels are placed at 8140 - 8170. In the immediate term the level of 7965 is now an important support to watch out for in the next few sessions," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"A breach of the same would induce further profit taking. On the higher side the present upside may now stretch till 8170 to 8235 if we do not witness an immediate reversal from present levels which takes the Nifty down below 7965," added the report.
The entire upside since June till September '2014 have been on the back of lower volumes and negative divergence on the weekly chart, thus analysts' continue to advocate caution at present levels and recommend profit booking.
Overnight, U.S. stocks ended down retreating from intraday records for the S&P and Dow, as a decline in energy shares sapped an earlier rally following the European Central Bank's new stimulus measures.
Analysts attributed the late-day pullback to nervousness ahead of Friday's key U.S. jobs data. Expectations are for payroll growth of 225,000 in August, according to a Reuters poll.
The Dow and S&P 500 had touched record intraday highs after the ECB's surprise move, with the benchmark index hitting a high of 2,011.17 earlier in the session, Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 8.7 points, or 0.05 per cent, to 17,069.58. The S&P 500 was down 3.07 points, or 0.15 per cent, to end at 1,997.65. The Nasdaq Composite lost 10.28 points, or 0.22 per cent, to 4,562.29.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.23 per cent higher at 15,711 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.18 per cent lower at 25,253.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.20 per cent lower at 2,052 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.44 per cent higher at 2,317.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Market rally: Weak or StrongMarket rally: Weak or Strong
Maruti Suzuki opens an R- outlet at JourianMaruti Suzuki opens an R- outlet at Jourian
NATO to sanction Russia as Ukraine heads into peace talksNATO to sanction Russia as Ukraine heads into peace talks
Equity NAVs decline as markets end lower on profit bookingEquity NAVs decline as markets end lower on profit booking
How India Inc s Most Powerful CEOs were selectedHow India Inc s Most Powerful CEOs were selected
Facebook s Privacy Checkup helps you figure out who s seeing whatFacebook s Privacy Checkup helps you figure out who s seeing what
Nikki Global Finance: Outcome of board meeting (AGM on Sept 29  2014)Sep 04, 2014, 08.56 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nikki Global Finance: Outcome of board meeting (AGM on Sept 29, 2014)
Nikki Global Finance has informed regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on September 04, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nikki Global Finance: Outcome of board meeting (AGM on Sept 29, 2014)
Nikki Global Finance has informed regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on September 04, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Nikki Global Finance Ltd has informed BSE regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on September 04, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

SBI to hire 2 986 probationary officersSBI to hire 2,986 probationary officers
G Naga Sridhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Aug 31:  
State Bank of India has notified recruitment of 2,986 probationary officers to work in its group of banks across the country.
The online registration can be done during September 1 – 18, 2014. The written examination would be conducted tentatively in November 2014.
Graduates who are in the age group of 21-30 years are eligible to apply and age relaxation would be extended as per the Government norms.
The total emoluments vary depending upon the place of posting and the perquisites by individual banks. Those posted in Mumbai, for instance, would get an average monthly salary of Rs 65,000, SBI said in its notification.
Meanwhile, SBI had also declared results of the written examination for the recruitment of probationary officers held in June/July this year. The group discussions and interviews for the same will commence from October 8, 2014.
(This article was published on August 31, 2014)
Related

ALPHA MANAGERS - SUNIL SINGHANIAThe Indian market has been moving higher on positive domestic developments; other emerging markets have done well because of strong global inflows, but given the global cues one could see a tactical correction in emerging markets, Jyotivardhan Jaipur...
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

HC cancels allotment of 350 acres to DLF in Gurgaon  says  transfer not fairApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Power woes worsen but govt not deterred by 24x7 supply aimSep 04, 2014, 01.40 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Power woes worsen but govt not deterred by 24x7 supply aim
Even as several parts of the country are facing an acute power crisis in the wake of a severe coal shortage, the Bhartiya Janata Party government is confident it will achieve its dream of providing 24-hour power supply to the nation in five years.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Power woes worsen but govt not deterred by 24x7 supply aim
Even as several parts of the country are facing an acute power crisis in the wake of a severe coal shortage, the Bhartiya Janata Party government is confident it will achieve its dream of providing 24-hour power supply to the nation in five years.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Even as several parts of the country are facing an acute power crisis in the wake of a severe coal shortage , the Bhartiya Janata Party government is confident it will achieve its dream of providing 24-hour power supply to the nation in five years.
Towards that end, power and coal minister Piyush Goyal yesterday announced that the states of Delhi, Rajasthan and Andhra Pradesh would get 24-hour power supply soon.
He, however, did not elaborate upon a timeline for achieving continuous power supply nor did he outline how the central government plans to achieve this.
The Narendra Modi government, which swept to power in May on a historic wave of support, has vowed to end the country’s endemic power woes. In a recent interview, Goyal said he was confident he would be able to achieve round-the-clock power supply before his government's term ends.
The power minister cited the example of the Gujarat government formerly led by Modi, which succeeded in achieving round-the-clock power supply.
The Gujarat government under Modi was hailed after it successfully turned around the dismal financial performances of its power distribution companies (or discoms) and ensuring seamless power supply. This it did by separating power supply feeders for subsidized agriculture and residential units from commercial supply as well as raising power tariffs and cracking down heavily on power theft.
Goyal has said the central government would look to implement the Gujarat power model across the country though he has complained about the lack of cooperation from states ruled by opposition parties with whom he has tried to bring up issues of coal supply and tariff resolution.
Towards that end, the finance minister, Arun Jaitley, set aside Rs 500 crore for separating electricity feeders throughout the country during the federal budget in July, even though critics dismissed the sum as too small and said at least Rs 1 lakh crore would be needed to complete the project.
Several Indian discoms are reeling under a debt burden arising out of years of losses as state electricity regulators do not allow them to raise power prices enough to cover costs and a resolution to this issue for any progress to be made on expanding power supply.
The central government, soon after assuming power, has also faced a major roadblock in the form of a decision of the Supreme Court, which recently termed all coal block allocations made between 1993 and 2012 as illegal.
But in an interview to PTI , Goyal said his government was ready to prepare for any eventuality – even cancellation of mining licences as the court has mulled over – and is waiting for the verdict that is set to be delivered on September 9.
“We only want finality,” he said.
The government is also considering restructuring Coal India, the world’s largest coal producer, which has been criticized for consistently missing its production targets and failing to keep up with the burgeoning demand for coal from Indian thermal power plants.
Thermal plants provide power to about two-third of the country.
Goyal has also been look to streamline the way coal is transported across the country and on Wednesday, his ministry approved a so-called coal swap for Gujarat power plants who will now be allowed to use coal imported at its Mundra port by NTPC. In return, NTPC will get to use coal for its Chattisgarh-based plants from nearby mines in the coal-rich state.
RELATED NEWS

Samsung launches world s largest curved UHD TVApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Jinping s visit may pave way for Foton s entry into IndiaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jinping's visit may pave way for Foton's entry into India
Sources indicate an announcement is likely on a proposed Chinese industrial park related to auto at Chakan, Maharashtra and Foton could be one of the investors.
Post your opinion here
08:00 pm
After Japan, the government is now set to woo China. Sources tell CNBC-TV18 that the government may ink many memorandum of understanding (MoUs) during Chinese President Xi Jinping’s India visit in mid-September.
According to sources, Jinping’s visit may pave way for Chinese truck & bus manufacturing company Foton’s entry into India.
Sources indicate an announcement is likely on a proposed Chinese industrial park related to auto at Chakan, Maharashtra and Foton could be one of the investors.
 
As China is learnt to be interested in India's high-speed rail projects, the government may also ink MoU to upgrade rail tracks for high-speed trains and construction of train passenger terminal.
RELATED NEWS

India contributed 10% to rise in global M-cap in  14Brazil
(The Indian markets have…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets have been the best performing markets among emerging market peers so far in the year 2014, up by 27 per cent, followed by a 26 per cent rally in Brazil and Taiwan.
The Sensex outperformed its emerging market peers, both in local currency and USD terms. The Sensex currently trades at 17.4x FY15 earnings, which is at a premium to all other EMs, Motilal Oswal said in a report.
As per the report, in the calendar year 2014 world market cap increased by USD 3.9 trillion, of which India contributed 10 per cent. India's contribution to the world market cap is at 2.3 per cent, which is above its long period average of 2.1 per cent.
In the last one year, the total market capitalisation of all the BSE-listed companies has increased from Rs 57.93 lakh crore to near the Rs 95-lakh crore mark, an increase of 64 per cent, due to strong foreign fund inflows and increase in the promoter shareholding.
In terms of US dollar, the gain is even higher at 83.3% as the rupee has also appreciated from its all-time low of 69 against the dollar that it made in the end of August 2013 as the fear of a widening trade deficit and high corporate leverage led to outflow of FII money, said an ET report.
The BSE Sensex trades at a PE of 16x, which is just a premium of 3 per cent to its historic averages, while a price to book value or PB at 2.6x, which is at 2 per cent discount to its averages.
The Sensex RoE at 16.6 per cent is below the long period average of 19 per cent, added the brokerage report. The valuation of Indian equities remains attractive with market-cap-to GDP at its long period average of 72 per cent.
Company-wise, the biggest contributors to India's market cap include names like TCS, ONGC, Tata Motors, ICICI Bank, SBI, Sesa Sterlite and L&T.
The Indian markets have got support from strong inflows from foreign institutional investors who have pumped in $30 billion in the Indian market so far in the year 2014, while their cumulative total inflows into the country crossed the $200-billion mark, said a PTI report.
FIIs are betting big on the Narendra Modi-led BJP government as they see it initiating reforms to spur economic growth, remove bottlenecks and aid investment activity.
According to analysts, foreign investors will remain net buyers of Indian stocks for the rest of 2014 as well and the year-end tally of investments could very well reach up to $50 billion provided the economy shows signs of strength and revival in corporate earnings growth. The Sensex market cap will reach Rs 100 lakh crore in just a matter of days.
"FIIs have putting in money even before the elections and are now even more optimistic about the steps taken by the new government for revival of the economy," said Jayant Manglik, President - Retail Distribution, Religare Securities Ltd.
 
Manglik is of the view that India is an important investment destination for them (FIIs) among emerging markets, which shows in the investments made this year. The target of $50 billion of investment seems realistic provided India is able to walk the talk.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Comm CFO Sanjay Baweja to resignSep 04, 2014, 09.43 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Tata Comm CFO Sanjay Baweja to resign
In order to facilitate an orderly transition, Baweja will continue serving as the CFO until November 3, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tata Comm CFO Sanjay Baweja to resign
In order to facilitate an orderly transition, Baweja will continue serving as the CFO until November 3, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Global Internet solutions provider  Tata Communications today said its Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Sanjay Baweja will be leaving the organisation to pursue other opportunities.
The firm said it is looking for a replacement to Baweja. In a BSE filing, Tata Communications said: "Sanjay Baweja, CFO, will be leaving the organisation to pursue other opportunities. Tata Communications is currently seeking chief financial officer candidates and intends to complete its search in the near future."
In order to facilitate an orderly transition, Baweja will continue serving as the CFO until November 3, 2014, it added. As CFO, Baweja was responsible for strategic financial management including financial reporting and compliance, treasury and fund management, financial planning and analysis, management assurance, taxation and procurement etc.
Prior to Tata Communications, he served in Emaar MGF Land Limited as Executive President for Corporate Affairs and Chief Risk Officer. He has also worked in several roles across companies like Bharti Airtel , Xerox Modicorp, Digital Equipment and Ballarpur Industries.
"Baweja's exit from the business is on positive terms. The company appreciates the tremendous work ethic and professionalism exhibited by him over the last five years and wishes him nothing but success in his future endeavours," the firm said in the filing.
The USD 3.2 billion Tata Communications owns and operates advanced sub-sea cable network, delivering infrastructure, enterprise solutions and partnerships to carriers and
businesses worldwide.
Tata Comm stock price
On September 10, 2014, at  14:24 hrs Tata Communications was quoting at Rs 392.75, up Rs 5.65, or 1.46 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 412.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 162.70.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 15.31 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 25.65. The latest book value of the company is Rs 276.69 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.42.
RELATED NEWS

 Coal India Unions Threaten  Work to Rule  StrikeFashion World Divided on First Look at Apple Watch
New Delhi:
Coal India Ltd said its worker unions have threatened a three-day "work to rule" strike this month demanding the return of coal blocks allocated by the government to private firms and withdrawal of plans to sell a stake in the company.
The "work-to-rule" strike would mean a limited number of miners will attend work with minimum disruption to daily activities. However, it would still aggravate an already severe shortage of the fuel in the country.
More than half of India's thermal power plants, which source most of their coal from state behemoth Coal India, have stocks enough to last for only less than a week.
Coal India said in a statement that five unions representing more than 350,000 workers of the world's largest coal producer will resort to "work to rule" from September 18.
They want the government to allocate to Coal India the 218 coal blocks awarded mostly to private firms over the past two decades and ruled illegal by the Supreme Court last month.
The top court is expected to decide on the fate of the blocks in a hearing on Tuesday.
The coal workers have also asked the new government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to withdraw its planned sale of a 10 per cent stake in Coal India and stop restructuring the company without consulting with the unions.
Last year the unions successfully blocked the previous government's move to sell a stake in the company. Workers fear divestment or any restructuring of the company would eventually lead to jobs cuts.
They have also opposed investments by Coal India in mines abroad and urged instead to use the money to start coal projects in India which may also generate employment within the country.
"Efforts are being made to reconcile the same," Coal India said. The coal ministry could not be reached for a comment.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

People will forget 2008-14  believe in India growth story: Dharmesh A MehtaRajesh Bhayani and Vishal Chhabria |  Mumbai Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 10:49 PM IST
People will forget 2008-14, believe in India growth story: Dharmesh A Mehta
Interview with Deputy chief executive, Axis Capital
Dharmesh A Mehta, deputy chief executive of Axis Capital Ltd, speaks to Rajesh Bhayani and Vishal Chhabria on the trend in capital markets, the outlook for equities and the sectors he is bullish on. Edited excerpts:
With markets doing well, how has Axis Capital done? And, what is the outlook?
Axis Capital has dominated the capital markets, managing seven of the 10 deals till July. The outlook is very bright, especially with the new confidence in India Inc and investors increasing their equity exposure. Now, companies are happy to add equity, to not miss out on India's projected growth and, in some cases, to correct the leverage in their balance sheets. Therefore, their dependence on capital markets should remain very strong through the next few years.
Several companies are raising money through qualified institutional placements (QIPs) at very high prices, after which these are correcting. Are they getting away with better pricing, while investors buying those stocks are stuck?
Short-term gains are always unpredictable. There are innumerable cases in which money is made with a lag, including Infosys. Large investors are buying equities for the long term. Companies are also raising funds for projects that are long-term and/or reducing their debt levels. Therefore, one might not see an immediate upside, but in the long term, these companies should provide good returns. I see the QIP market remaining robust, as companies need money and this is the fastest and easiest route to raising money. However, not all companies will be able to raise funds at high prices.
With the Indian market at its peak, how do you see it moving in the near future?
While the indices are at their peaks, looking at the rear-view mirror, valuations haven't reached previous peaks or anywhere near any crazy level. Today, the market is just negating the bearish factors seen globally, including geopolitical issues. The markets are reflecting the simple fact that the gloom and doom is over. If, by any chance, profit-booking or some global event brings it down, it will be a buying opportunity.
However, the fundamentals of the Indian economy haven't changed yet, and that is yet to be reflected. We have a whole line-up of domestic triggers to go — from the consumption cycle recovering this festive season to policy changes and implementation in key sectors such as banking and infrastructure, the capex cycle improving, and Japanese funding coming in. We will see the markets rise further. That will not happen in 2014-15; look for real returns from the market in and after 2015-16.
So you don’t feel markets are over-valued?
No, the market is now fairly valued. At present, the market is discounting valuations on near-term outlook, which is in turn based on past growth and improvement on that. Earnings are not reflecting the change yet as the big fundamental change is expected next year. Markets are in a cautiously bullish mood and valuations are only fair and in no terms overvalued.
What is the advice for retail investors? Should they buy at dips?
Advice for retail investors is to go overweight in equities. They will not be able to judge the levels to enter and will always wait for a correction. Best way for them is to come via mutual funds who are not only capable to take such decisions, but also diversify risk and in tune with the flow of events which is rapidly changing these days, as the government and Judiciary make announcements on various issues.
We have seen huge foreign investments entering India in past five-six months.
That will continue. I believe we will see substantial increase in foreign direct investment (FDI) in the next two-three years, as we'll need such investments to build infrastructure. As announced, we will see huge FDI coming from Japan in the next few years, especially in infrastructure and power. I think FDI flows might exceed inflows from foreign institutional investors in the coming years, as India's regulatory paradigm becomes more welcoming and growth more optimistic, albeit from a very low base.
But will it be easy to allow higher FDI in these sectors, given the government saw pressure from the Opposition on the insurance Bill?
Opposition to the insurance Bill was expected. The road might not be easy and there will be delays. Nobody in the Street thinks things will change overnight. Even the GST (Goods and Services Tax) Bill will see hurdles. While the government has a majority in the lower House, as well as on a combined basis, it is not practical to take every Bill to the combined House. So, it is likely it might have to look for a compromise in the short term. But broadly, are we going in the right direction? The answer is a big 'Yes'!
What could be a trend-setter for markets?
FDI flows will be the game-changer for markets. Also, we are lucky the monsoon has revived and made up for the huge deficit — it stood at about 43 per cent in June-end; now, it is just about 16 per cent. If you look at the monetary policy, it signals a more bullish stance than earlier. To ensure banks don't have issues relating to non-performing assets in the future, the Reserve Bank of India is taking various measures to safeguard against the ensuing bull market. This time, we will be better prepared to address asset bubbles.
For the markets, we need to realise when you come out of a prolonged slowdown, things take time to change. And, people are still in a cautious disbelief mode; they have forgotten 2007, as they have seen the 2008-2014 phase. But again, somewhere down the line, they will forget 2008-2014 and start believing in the ‘India growth’ story. I strongly feel a big bull market is already overdue. If you look at history, every seven years, there is a bull market — 1993, 2000, 2007 and now, 2014. The reasons will be different.
What is your sense of the earnings season, and are there any green shoots? And, in the current context and the way things are shaping up, which are the sectors you are bullish on?
We have definitely seen some green shoots on the macro front with a nine quarter high GDP growth in Q1. There are palpable signs of a recovery gaining momentum if one looks around ie look at auto sales, diesel consumption, IIP growth, consumer confidence index and lead indicators, etc.
However, I am not looking at the recent earnings season, nor the current fiscal year earnings to invest in the markets, as the impact of what the new government is doing will only be felt only next year. One will witness earning upgrades as the economy picks up.
Among sectors, banking and any domestic consumption (retail, media, etc.) related sectors remain the favourite, because there is huge pent up demand. Media looks very good. It’s a bull market, so everything will move though some may underperform at some point in time. There will be a rotation of performance so even defensives like IT and Pharma will do well in some phase. But, I am more bullish on mid-cap stocks. Generally, mid-caps do very well whenever there is stability in government and policies. They benefit the most and they are still reasonably priced as a class. When growth comes back it will have a huge impact on their earnings which is not factored in in current valuations. However, while this is true as a class, midcaps have to be selected very judiciously.
Consider the case of banks. Historically, banks have traded at more than 3 times their book value. The earnings of banks haven’t started to kick in as we are yet to see the Investment phase by India Inc. There will be corrections mid-way on NPA concerns etc. But, if one considers from a two-year perspective, there is enough upside. On the whole, the real economic growth of India has still not started. Only sentiments have changed, the fundamentals haven’t yet. It will change over a period of time – in six to twelve months.
What is your assessment of the impact of Supreme Court ruling on the coal blocks? And, which companies do you think will be the most impacted?
The long term impact of the recent Supreme Court ruling is very positive for India as in future there will be no ambiguity on the licenses and corporates can invest capital in the power sector without any fear of projects getting stuck for a long period. To achieve the targeted growth it's very important that we resolve the power crisis and ensure proper supply of coal. Hence, it's very positive and a game changing judgement for India. On impact on companies, it's difficult to comment in the current stage as the final judgement is still awaited
 Advertisements

Sensex snaps 9-day winning streak as traders book profitsBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 10:48 PM IST
Sensex snaps 9-day winning streak as traders book profits
Caution reigns ahead of ECB meeting, but European rate cut could trigger a fresh bull run
Caution ahead of the European Central Bank’s (ECB) crucial rate-setting meeting and profit booking halted the Indian market’s record breaking run on Thursday. The Sensex had gained about 825 points, over three per cent, to record high levels in nine straight trading sessions between August 20 and September 3, amid easing global geopolitical tensions, drop in crude oil prices and uptick in domestic economic growth number.
The 30-share Sensex on Thursday declined 54 points, or 0.20 per cent to 27,085.93. While the broad-based NSE Nifty fell about 19 points, or 0.23 per cent to 8,095.95, retreating from previous day’s all-time high level of 8,114.6.
The decline, which was in-line with other global markets, was led by stocks in the metal, capital goods and banking sector.
Bulls, however, are once again expected to take control of the market following an expected interest rate cut by the ECB to boost economic growth and prevent deflation.
The ECB at its Governing Council meeting in Frankfurt reduced all three of its main interest rates by 10 basis points. The benchmark rate is now 0.05 per cent and the deposit rate is now minus 0.2 per cent. Only about a tenth of economist, surveyed by Bloomberg, expected a reduction in interest rates.
Most European markets turned positive, while US futures market advanced following the news rate cut news.
The rate cut by the ECB would increase the foreign investor flows into the Indian market, providing a further boost to share prices.  Net buying by foreign institutional investors (FIIs) in Indian stocks has already crossed the $13 billion mark.
According to provisional figures, FIIs bought shares worth Rs 1,698 on Thursday, while domestic institutional investors sold shares worth around Rs 555 crore.
Most investors are optimistic on the prospectus of the Indian market on hopes that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi would take steps to boost economic growth.
“An unprecedented majority mandate for a reformist government has gotten equity investors excited. The government though has inherited a poor economy with a large fiscal deficit and high inflation, taking out the scope for any short-term measures and quick fixes. We expect improvement in India’s economic indicators to be gradual. The wheels are already in motion with the government working hard to revive the investment cycle and keeping a lid on inflation. Meanwhile, the stock markets are trading at average valuations, with earnings expectations not pricing in an upgrade cycle yet,” said CLSA in a special report on the Indian market.
Following a near-30 per cent jump in the Indian markets so far in 2014, one-year forward price-to-earnings multiple for the Sensex stocks has surged to 17 times.
Most analysts are of the view that the Indian market will continue to trade above their long-term earnings multiple on improving macroeconomic landscape.
“The economic indicators such as inflation, GDP and current account deficit have shown improvement. The latest corporate earnings were also satisfactory. Sentiment among corporates and investors too has improved. The government is giving the right signals. Clearly, all the right levers are in place for the economy to do well,” said Motilal Oswal, chairman, Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
On Thursday, shares of blue-chip stocks like ICICI Bank, Reliance Industries and Tata Consultancy Services fell around 0.5 per cent each. The worst drop was seen in real estate firm DLF, which dropped 8.4 per cent, after the Punjab and Haryana High Court set aside the state government's decision to allot 350 acres of land in Gurgaon to the realty major in 2010.
 Advertisements

Amit Shah meets Uddhav Thackeray  BJP says alliance with Shiv Sena intactUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah met Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Thursday. The BJP said it was just a courtesy visit and no political issues were discussed at the meet. It also sought to dismiss reports that the alliance was under strain over seat-sharing in the Maharashtra Assembly polls.
"The alliance is absolutely perfect and intact," party leader Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
This was Shah's first visit to Mumbai after taking over as BJP president. He drove to Matoshree, the Thackeray family residence in suburban Bandra and met Uddhav. Shah arrived at 10 pm, almost half an hour behind schedule.
This was Shah's first visit to Mumbai after taking over as BJP president.
Maharashtra BJP president Devendra Fadnavis and leader of the opposition in Maharashtra legislative council Vinod Tawde accompanied Shah. The very fact that they met signals that the more than two decades-old alliance is still on track, a senior Sena leader said.
Until Wednesday, it wasn't clear if Shah would meet the Shiv Sena chief at his residence, which has almost been a tradition with top BJP leaders visiting Mumbai, since the Matoshree visit did not figure in Shah's elaborate minute-by-minute schedule.
However, Tawde had announced Thursday morning that Shah had accepted Uddhav's invitation and would visit Matoshree in the night.
Earlier in the day, Shah also visited the memorial (Smriti Sthal) of late Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park here.
Buoyed by the results of Lok Sabha polls when BJP earned more seats than Shiv Sena in Maharashtra, BJP has been looking for a better share in the seat-sharing formula for assembly elections due in the state in October.
With additional information from PTI

Microsoft unveils new affordable flagship Lumia smartphoneApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Assured fuel likely for more power unitsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Tablets become popular aid for IIT  IIM aspi...Tablets a new threat to Rs 10,000 cr IIT, IIM and GMAT coaching industry
Sreeradha Basu, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 12.32PM IST
Tags:
Byju Raveendran
(Tablet teaching is shaking…)
MUMBAI: Getting ready for the IIT entrance exam? Meet your tutor- the tablet. The electronic device is becoming an increasingly popular aid to aspirants preparing for admission tests. Those who find the price too high for lectures bundled with tablets can even pay through EMIs.
Tablet teaching is shaking up the world of traditional test prep coaching, as students shrug off the notion that there's no real alternative to classroom learning. There's been a jump in the number of people subscribing to the trend as they train themselves to write the Common Admission Test (CAT) for entry to the Indian Institutes of Management, the GMAT for MBA programmes in the US, the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) for the IIT and the civil service exams, among others.
No wonder Samsung, traditional brick and mortar enterprises and digital education companies are all looking for a piece of the action in this fast-growing segment.
'The 10,000-crore plus coaching mandi is now under threat from the tablet coaching business,' says TV Mohandas Pai, chairman of Manipal Global Education. 'Traditional classroom coaching will see a decline over the years. It takes up too much time, is much more expensive and teaches a lot of unnecessary stuff. Here, there is genuine learning.'
Around 45-50 lakh students appear for various admission tests annually. According to industry estimates, the test preparation market in India last year was worth $2.2 billion, including both online and regular coaching, study material and mock tests for entrance exams. It's estimated to surge to $3 billion by year end. The online segment/virtual classrooms, including tablet teaching, is about 10% of the business and easily the fastest-growing segment, say experts.
Pai has direct experience of the acceleration in growth. A little more than four months ago, Manipal Group-funded education startup Think and Learn tied up with Samsung Electronics to provide coaching modules for CAT, GMAT, JEE and the civil service exams exclusively on the company's devices. The lessons are being provided by Think and Learn unit Byju's Classes.
Since the soft launch in May, sales through the tie-up are already at Rs 15 crore compared with a total of Rs 20 crore in the whole of last year, said 34-year-old Byju Raveendran, founder and CEO of Byju's Classes, which also provides coaching for Class 8-10 in math and science. More than 9,500 students have bought courses so far. Of these, more than 4,000 have been for test prep. Prices in the test prep segment start at Rs 20,000 for GRE/GMAT/CAT crash courses and go up to Rs 35,000.
R Khanna, working at a tech company, is getting ready up to sit for the CAT this year. He's bought the Byju's Classes CAT package on an installment plan, paying a little more than 2,500 per month. He says tablet teaching is a boon for executives like him who can't make it for regular or even intensive weekend classes.
  School teacher S Roy bought her son a JEE Main and Advanced combo pack for physics on a Lenovo tablet from iProf. 'He felt he needed more help in the subject and the video lectures and mock tests helped him a lot,' she says.
The tie-up with Byju's, incidentally, is part of a larger initiative by Samsung Electronics, which on September 2 announced Smart Learning, an innovative education solution pegged as India's first digital education store. Launched under its Media Solutions Centre or MSC division, the store can be accessed through all Samsung tablets and is designed to offer interactive study material to students, right from those in school to those preparing for competitive exams.
The company is engaged in consumer connect programmes to promote the initiative. So far, one in every five who experience the campaign is getting converted, says Asim Warsi, Samsung India's VP for marketing, mobile and IT.
'Besides work-related and entertainment requirements, there is an important need for tablets in the area of education,' says Warsi. Sanjay Purohit, founder-CEO of digital education company iProf, one of the early movers in this space, agrees. '80-85% education can be done in asynchronous mode. The rest of the time, we provide connectivity to teachers through phone, drop boxes or live video sessions,' says Purohit. In January, iProf raised $9 million ( 55 crore) in Series B funding from a consortium of investors.
At iProf, test preparation accounts for 55% of overall revenue. Over time, content has become much more interactive and last year, it had more than 1 lakh users on the test prep side. In fact, says Purohit, the company generated more business in July alone than it did in the whole of last year. Last year, the company is estimated to have done business of around Rs 20-25 crore through software alone.

U.S. stocks erase gains on U.S. data  ECB policy move; Dow falls 0.05%Sep 05, 2014, 02.09 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
U.S. stocks erase gains on U.S. data, ECB policy move; Dow falls 0.05%
U.S. stocks erase gains on U.S. data, ECB policy move; Dow falls 0.05%
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
U.S. stocks erase gains on U.S. data, ECB policy move; Dow falls 0.05%
U.S. stocks erase gains on U.S. data, ECB policy move; Dow falls 0.05%
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - U.S. stocks gave back earlier gains stemming from upbeat U.S. data and a European Central Bank move to loosen policy, as investors sold for profits and jumped to the sidelines ahead of Friday's August jobs report.
At the close of U.S. trading, the Dow 30 fell 0.05%, the S&P 500 index fell 0.15%, while the NASDAQ Composite index fell 0.22%.
The Volatility S&P 500 index, which measures the outlook for market volatility, was up 2.27% at 12.64.
The U.S. services sector grew at its strongest pace in August since 2005, which sparked a rally on Wall Street earlier.
The Institute for Supply Management reported that its services index rose to 59.6 in August from 58.7 in July, far surpassing market forecasts for a downtick to 57.5.
A reading above 50 indicates expansion in the sector, and the index offset lackluster U.S. employment data.
The Labor Department reported that the number of individuals filing for first-time unemployment assistance in the U.S. last week rose by 4,000 to 302,000 from the previous week's total of 298,000.
Analysts had expected jobless claims to rise by 2,000 to 300,000 last week.
Elsewhere, payroll processor ADP reported that its nonfarm payrolls report showed that the private sector added 204,000 jobs in August, missing expectations for jobs growth of 220,000.
At the same time data showed that the U.S. trade deficit narrowed to the lowest in six months in July.
Stocks also applauded an ECB decision to stimulate the European economy.
The European Central Bank trimmed its benchmark interest rate to a record-low 0.05% from 0.15%, surprising many market analysts who had expected no change.
The central bank also lowered its deposit facility rate to -0.20% from -0.10% previously and its marginal lending rate to 0.30% from 0.40%.
Stocks rallied after ECB President Mario Draghi said the bank will begin an asset-backed securities purchasing program to shore up the recovery and steer the continent away from deflationary decline.
Draghi did not say how much debt the ECB planned to purchase, as further details will emerge in October.
The ECB cut its forecast for growth this year to 0.9% down from 1.0% previously and cut the forecast for 2015 to 1.6% from 1.7%. The bank also lowered its inflation forecast for this year to 0.6% from 0.7% in June.
Later in the session, investors locked in gains and sold stocks for profit, sending broader indices dipping into negative territory.
Investors were eager for the release of the August nonfarm payrolls report early Friday morning.
Leading Dow Jones Industrial Average performers included Nike Inc (NYSE:NKE), up 1.40%, Home Depot Inc (NYSE:HD), up 1.05%, and Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG), up 0.97%.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average's worst performers included Walt Disney Company (NYSE:DIS), down 0.89%, Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX), down 0.83%, and Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM), down 0.76%.
European indices, meanwhile, ended the day higher.
After the close of European trade, the DJ Euro Stoxx 50 rose 1.78%, France's CAC 40 rose 1.65%, while Germany's DAX rose 1.02%. Meanwhile, in the U.K. the FTSE 100 rose 0.06%.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

NRN at the top in most powerful CEOs list |  Infosys is like my middle childNR Narayana Murthy regains top spot in most powerful CEOs list, dislodges Mukesh Ambani to second position
Dibeyendu Ganguly, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.46AM IST
Tags:
Azim Premji
(Now in its 10th year,…)
MUMBAI: Last year, there was a chorus of disapproval when NR Narayana Murthy returned from an emeritus role to take charge as executive chairman of Infosys, with son Rohan designated as his executive assistant.
As it turned out, Murthy's term ended in about a year, wrapped up neatly with the appointment of his company's first 'outside' CEO. Corporate India has endorsed Murthy's performance the second time round at Infosys by voting him No. 1 in the 'India Inc's Most Powerful CEOs' listing. Murthy displaces last year's No. 1Mukesh Ambani of Reliance Industries , who slips to 2.
Now in its 10th year, The Economic Times India Inc's Most Powerful CEOs listing is based on a survey conducted by IMRB International.
More than 500 executives evaluate CEOs
More than 500 corporate executives of the rank of vice-president, general manager and above are asked to evaluate CEOs on parameters such as performance, leadership, stature, social contribution and governance. Murthy topped the rankings for the first three years of the survey, then ceded the position to Ratan Tata, who held it for three years in a row.
But Murthy has always remained in the top three, until he was dropped as a contender when he took a back-seat at Infosys and KV Kamath was appointed chairman of Infosys in 2011.
Now designated non-executive chairman, Murthy is back to playing a handsoff role. "Infosys is like my middle child, so when the board invited me to return and add value to the company, I could not say no, though some people said there would be no upside for me in this," he says. "Leadership is about doing the right thing, even if it means going against a vast number of naysayers and mediocre people."
The Most Powerful CEOs listing is based largely on the ET 500, so a large turnover, asset base and market capitalisation definitely enhance a CEO's chances of making it to the top of the class. At No. 7, ICICI Bank's Chanda Kochhar is the highest ranking woman. In a top10 dominated by promoters -- Kumar Mangalam Birla , Azim Premji , Anil Ambani, Anand Mahindra --she is also the highest-ranked professional CEO, followed by Natarajan Chandrasekaran of TCS , who is at No. 9. "I've probably been voted in because of my job. Banks are the catalyst for the country's economic growth and have the capability to make an impact.
That would be the reason why bank CEOs would be considered powerful," Kochhar says.
Still, when it comes to the top 20, the public perception of the CEO does count. Though he now heads one of India's most important business houses, Cyrus Mistry is just outside the top 10 at 11, up from 13 last year. Meanwhile, Gautam Adani's ranking in business has climbed almost in tandem with Narendra Modi's ascent in politics. Adani has vaulted to No. 13, up from 30 last year.
Another promoter CEO who has zoomed up the rankings is Dilip Shanghvi , who is now at 17, up from 56 last year. Sun Pharma was named Company of the Year at the last ET Awards for Corporate Excellence and Shanghvi has subsequently been in the news for his ongoing takeover of Ranbaxy .
And finally, there's Flipkart, whose Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal make their debut in the list at 51. They are one notch above SK Roy, chairman of Life Insurance Corp. of India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

 Energy Shares Drag Wall Street Lower  Offset ECBYou are here: Home Market
Wall Street Ends Down as Energy Shares Decline, Offset ECB
Reuters | Updated On: September 05, 2014 07:51 (IST)
Wockhardt Shares Gain on Unit Merger Plan
New York:
US stocks ended down on Thursday, retreating from intraday records for the S&P and Dow, as a decline in energy shares sapped an earlier rally following the European Central Bank's new stimulus measures.
Analysts attributed the late-day pullback to nervousness ahead of Friday's key US jobs data. Expectations are for payroll growth of 225,000 in August, according to a Reuters poll.
The wait for jobs data "might have dried up the markets a bit and made it a light day," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh.
The S&P energy index .SPNY ended down 1.3 per cent as the day's worst performing sector in the S&P. Drilling equipment maker FMC Technologies, the sector's biggest percentage decliner, fell 4.4 per cent to $57.05. Crude oil futures lost 1.1 per cent to $94.55 as the dollar strengthened and weighed on commodities priced in the US currency.
The Dow and S&P 500 had touched record intraday highs after the ECB's surprise move, with the benchmark index hitting a high of 2,011.17 earlier in the session. All three main indexes pared gains in the afternoon as energy shares sunk with oil prices.
"We saw an initial rally from the ECB, but we're once again seeing those rallies muted, which I think is more of a factor as momentum slows down near the 2,000 level," said Joe Bell, senior equity analyst at Schaeffer's Investment Research in Cincinnati.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 8.7 points, or 0.05 per cent, to 17,069.58. The S&P 500 was down 3.07 points, or 0.15 per cent, to end at 1,997.65. The Nasdaq Composite lost 10.28 points, or 0.22 per cent, to 4,562.29.
Shares of PVH Corp rose 9.6 per cent to $128.38 after the apparel company's quarterly profit beat expectations, bolstered by sales of Tommy Hilfiger-branded clothes.
US-listed shares of BP Plc fell 5.9 per cent to $44.89 after a US district judge ruled the company was "grossly negligent" in a massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010. The stock suffered its worst one-day percentage decline since August 2011.
Data showed US initial jobless claims rose to 302,000 last week, within levels consistent with a strengthening labor market, though the private ADP survey's gauge of hiring came in a bit lower than expected.
About 5.7 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the five-day average of 4.8 billion.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

GLOBAL MARKETS-Euro under water as ECB opens liquidity tapGLOBAL MARKETS-Euro under water as ECB opens liquidity tap
Education a distant dream for children in riot-hit MuzaffarnagarUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Muzaffarnagar: This Teachers' Day, CNN-IBN brings you the story of the children who live in riots-ravaged Muzaffarnagar. It has been a year since communal clashes there left over 60 people dead, CNN-IBN revisited ground zero to find that for the children, education is now a distant dream.
Sixteen-year-old Furgaan always dreamed of becoming a pilot. "I once went to drop my relatives off for Haj and saw a plane. Since then I've wanted to be a pilot," he said.
But that dream has come crashing down. He was in Class 10 when riots broke out in 2013. Like 50,000 others, he had to flee his village. Since then, he has lived in a camp and in spite of government orders, he has been denied admission at every local school.
"I kept going to the schools but they want this document, that document. I am not getting admission," he said.
Mohd Nawab Ali lives in the same camp. Both his sons were also turned away by local schools in spite of having Transfer Certificates from the original school. Frustrated, one of his sons has gone to Hyderabad to work as a manual labourer. "I tried a lot but we couldn't manage an admission. My son got frustrated and went away to work," Ali said.
Local activists showed CNN-IBN a list of over a hundred students who have been refused school admissions in violation of human rights guidelines. "Every time we go the district authorities they give verbal assurance but the written order is never clear or explicit," said Akram, a local education worker who compiled the list.
But the District Magistrate of Muzaffarnagar doesn't blame the schools. He said that children at the relief camps don't want to study.
A year after the riots, they are denied something as basic as the right to education. It makes one wonder if the right is really for everyone.

Gujarat seeks closer economic ties with CanadaUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Toronto: Calling Canadian companies to participate on a large scale in the biennial Seventh Vibrant Gujarat Summit, a high-level business delegation from the state on Friday pitched for closer economic ties with Canada.
"Gujarat offers optimum level of opportunities for direct foreign investment in the state in wake of its unprecedented industrial growth, trade and development," said Bharat Lal, Gujarat's resident commissioner and leader of the 15-member delegation at a reception organised by the Indo-Canada Chamber of Commerce (ICCC).
Lal highlighted investment opportunities in projects, including Dholera Special Investment Region (D-SIR), the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor as well as India's first multi-services Special Economic Zone (SEZ) focusing on financial services, the Gujarat International Finance Tech (GIFT) City.
"Gujarat offers optimum level of opportunities for direct foreign investment in the state in wake of its unprecedented industrial growth, trade and development," said Bharat Lal, Gujarat's resident commissioner.
He pitched for closer cooperation with Canada in various fields including oil and gas, chemicals, diamonds, power, petrochemicals, infrastructure, among others. Lal focused on the high level of economic development of Gujarat during the tenure of Narendra Modi as Chief Minister. Bal Gosal, Canadian Minister of Sports, Akhilesh Mishra, Consul General of India, DP Jain, President of the ICCC, Naval Bajaj, former President of the ICCC, Frank Scarpitti, Mayor of Markham, and top executives of a number of Canadian companies also attended a road show on mega investment opportunities in Gujarat.
Gosal assured the delegation that a large number of Canadian companies would participate in the summit, to be held on January 11-13, 2015 in Gandhinagar. He urged India to accelerate efforts to conclude a
Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement (CEPA) that would stimulate trade and investment between the countries.
Tony Clement, Minister & President of Canada's Treasury Board, is in India to held further discussions with the Indian government on this issue. "Conclusion of the CEPA will be a historic achievement for both countries and it will improve market access for goods and services, eliminate tariffs and reduce non-tariff barriers to trade," Gosal said.
The Minister said as a result of the newly liberalised Canadian visa regime, 23,000 Indians have received permanent resident status in Canada. 33,000 Indians have been granted super visa with approval rating of 97 per cent this year.

Simplex Infrastructures: Outcome of AGMSep 04, 2014, 08.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Simplex Infrastructures: Outcome of AGM
Simplex Infrastructures has informed that the 96th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 04, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Simplex Infrastructures: Outcome of AGM
Simplex Infrastructures has informed that the 96th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 04, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Simplex Infrastructures Ltd  has informed BSE that the 96th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 04, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Ansal Buildwell appoints Ritu Ansal as directorSep 04, 2014, 08.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ansal Buildwell appoints Ritu Ansal as director
Ansal Buildwell has informed that the pursuant to provision of Section 149(1) of the Companies Act 2013, Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on August 08, 2014 has appointed Smt. Ritu Ansal as Woman Director of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ansal Buildwell appoints Ritu Ansal as director
Ansal Buildwell has informed that the pursuant to provision of Section 149(1) of the Companies Act 2013, Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on August 08, 2014 has appointed Smt. Ritu Ansal as Woman Director of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Ansal Buildwell Ltd has informed BSE that the pursuant to provision of Section 149(1) of the Companies Act 2013, Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on August 08, 2014 has appointed Smt. Ritu Ansal as Woman Director of the Company.Source : BSE

Infra ministries asked to upload details of work done on eSamiksha websiteInfra ministries asked to upload details of work done on eSamiksha website
Gold futures settle lower 0.3% to USD 1 265.10gold futures settle lower 0.3% to usd 1 265.10
Vijay Mallya will have to step down as MCFL chairman if  wilful defaulter  tag sticks  hints Saroj PoddarWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
Vijay Mallya will have to step down as MCFL chairman if 'wilful defaulter' tag sticks, hints Saroj Poddar
Adventz Group chairman Saroj Poddar on Thursday said his agreement with UB Group chairman Vijay Mallya will be modified to the extent of the chairmanship of Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers (MCFL) if the wilful defaulter tag remained on the liquor ...

Good news! Foreign  Indian airlines offer big discountsHi Guest
Good news! Foreign, Indian airlines offer big discounts
Aiming at attracting Indian travellers to major global and domestic destinations, foreign and Indian carriers are vying with each other by offering discounted tickets. The latest one to join the race is Air France, which is offering a flat discount on three classes of travel to South and Central America, making the tickets cheaper by up to Rs 10,000. Under its scheme, Air France is offering its customers a discount of Rs 4,000 in economy, Rs 7,000 in premium economy and Rs 10,000 in ...

Maruti to start paying Suzuki royalty in Indian currencyMaruti to start paying Suzuki royalty in Indian currency
How Just Dial s VSS Mani Pre-Empted CompetitionHow Just Dial s VSS Mani Pre-Empted Competition
Top 5 phrases of NDA govt and what they meanTop 5 phrases of NDA govt and what they mean
Clarification from SBI on coal scamClarification from SBI on coal scam
Bull s Eye: Buy Tata Global  UPL  Glenmark  Tata CommSep 05, 2014, 08.39 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Bull's Eye: Buy Tata Global, UPL, Glenmark, Tata Comm
Kunal Saraogi, Equityrush advises buying UPL for a target price of Rs 380 and India Cements for a target price of Rs 125.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bull's Eye: Buy Tata Global, UPL, Glenmark, Tata Comm
Kunal Saraogi, Equityrush advises buying UPL for a target price of Rs 380 and India Cements for a target price of Rs 125.
Post your opinion here
Bull's Eye
Bull's Eye, CNBC-TV18's popular game show, where market experts come together to dish out trading strategies for you to make your week more exciting and compete with each other to see whose portfolio is the strongest.
On Bull's Eye this week - Shahina Mukadam, Kunal Saraogi and Pankaj Jain are battling it out for the strongest portfolio. Let’s hear out their picks for today.
Shahina Mukadam, Varun Capital
Buy  Karnataka Bank for a target price of Rs 134 and keep a stoploss at Rs 122
Buy  IFB Industries for a target price of Rs 290 and keep a stoploss at Rs 266
Buy  Tata Global Beverage for a target price of Rs 169 and keep a stoploss at Rs 156
Short  LIC Housing Finance for a target price of Rs 312 and keep a stoploss at Rs 327
Disclosure: She doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
Kunal Saraogi, Equityrush
Buy  UPL for a target price of Rs 380 and keep a stoploss at Rs 360
Buy  India Cements for a target price of Rs 125 and keep a stoploss at Rs 118
Buy  Tata Global Beverage for a target price of Rs 170 and keep a stoploss at Rs 160
Buy  Tata Communications for a target price of Rs 395 and keep a stoploss at Rs 375
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
Pankaj Jain, Sunteck Wealthmax
Buy  BF Investment for a target price of Rs 124 and keep a stoploss at Rs 109
Buy  Tata Global Beverage for a target price of Rs 169 and keep a stoploss at Rs 159
Buy  Glenmark Pharma for a target price of Rs 799 and keep a stoploss at Rs 765
Buy  Sona Koyo Steering for a target price of Rs 55 and keep a stoploss at Rs 49.50
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
RELATED NEWS

10-sec guide to cues that will affect trade todayJul 30, 2014, 08.13 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
10-sec guide to cues that will affect trade today
Wall Street lost its initial gains to close lower after US announced fresh sanctions against Russia. In Europe, shares closed higher on Tuesday, as investors reacted to corporate earnings. Meanwhile, Asia is positive in morning trade.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
10-sec guide to cues that will affect trade today
Wall Street lost its initial gains to close lower after US announced fresh sanctions against Russia. In Europe, shares closed higher on Tuesday, as investors reacted to corporate earnings. Meanwhile, Asia is positive in morning trade.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Indian equity market is likely to open flat today with a slight negative bias. The SGX Nifty, an indicator of the market opening, was trading at 7754.50, down 15.50 points at 7:45am.
In the US, stocks declined yesterday, pulling the Dow under 17,000, as the US and European union joined in expanding sanctions against Russia, highlighting a geopolitical crisis.
In key data to watch in the US today, focus will be on Federal Reserve's monetary policy decision as the Fed will be seen reducing its monthly asset purchases by another USD 10 billion to USD 25 billion a month. Q2 GDP figure will be released today which is expected to be around the three percent mark.
In the currency space, the dollar hovered at a six-month peak against a basket of major currencies.
In commodities, Nymex crude oil regained some of the previous day's losses to trade above USD 101 after industry data showed US petroleum stockpiles falling more sharply than expected.
From precious metals space, gold hovered around 1300 dollars an ounce as investors nervously awaited the end of a Federal Reserve policy meeting to gauge the US central bank's view on the economy and monetary policy.
Back home, equity benchmarks started off the week on negative note, falling for the second consecutive session on Monday. The BSE Sensex closed below 26000 level, down 135.52 points to 25991.23 and the NSE Nifty dropped 41.75 points to 7748.70. ( More details )
It is an important day ahead on Dalal Street as the market will react to several heavyweights that have reported their earnings ahead of expiry tomorrow.
Earnings Central
In earnings reaction, index heavyweight L&T  delivered a 10 percent revenue growth on consolidated basis and profits rose to Rs 967 crore registering an 11 percent growth Y-o-Y and maintaining growth guidance of 20 percent in order inflows.
After HUL , ITC  too started FY15 on a strong footing. Big beat on topline led by sharper than expected increase in cigarette segment revenues and big jump in agri revenues but margins came in lower at 34.8 percent versus an estimate of 38 percent.
On the pharma front, Ranbaxy  reported a mixed set of numbers with sales coming in below expectations at Rs 2426 crore. However, margins were strong this quarter at 9.8 percent Y-o-Y. In key pharma earnings, Dr Reddy's  and Lupin  report numbers today.
In the telecom space, Bharti Airtel  delivered a good first quarter. Revenues and margins beat estimates led by a strong quarter by India wireless but profits impacted due to an exceptional loss of Rs 251 crore.
RELATED NEWS

Rupee gains 7 paise against dollar in early tradeUpdated: September 3, 2014 10:11 IST
Rupee gains 7 paise against dollar in early trade
PTI
The Hindu Fresh selling of the American currency by exporters amid sustained inflows of foreign funds supported the rupee, Forex dealers said. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
currency values
Snapping its four-day losing streak, the rupee recovered by seven paise to 60.61 against the US dollar in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market on Wednesday amid sustained overseas capital inflows.
Fresh selling of the American currency by exporters amid sustained inflows of foreign funds supported the rupee, Forex dealers said.
Besides, a higher opening in the domestic equity market also helped the rupee but the dollar’s gain against other currencies overseas, capped the rise, they added.
The rupee had lost 15 paise to hit two-week closing low of 60.68 against the dollar in Tuesday’s trade on consistent demand for the US currency from importers and some banks on strong global cues.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex rose 129.51 points, or 0.47 per cent, to hit new record-high of 27,148.90 in opening trade.

Gold dips below 28 000-level on weak global cuesComments
Continuing its losing streak for the fourth straight day, gold prices dipped below the Rs. 28,000-level by falling Rs. 70 to hit over two-month low of Rs. 27,950 per 10 grams in the national capital on Wednesday on sustained selling by stockists amid a weakening global trend.
Silver also fell by Rs. 350 to Rs. 42,350 per kg on reduced offtake by coin makers.
Sentiments remained bearish as gold and silver tumbled to the lowest since June in global markets as US manufacturing in August expanded at the fastest pace in three years, bolstering prospects for the economy and dampening demand for the metal, traders said.
Gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, dropped 1.7% to USD 1,263.10, the lowest since June 17.
Silver also fell 1.7% to USD 19.11, the lowest since June 10.
Besides, the strengthening rupee against the dollar made import of precious metals cheaper and diversion of funds towards record-breaking equity market dampened the sentiment, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5% purity remained under selling pressure and shed another Rs. 70 each to Rs. 27,950 and Rs. 27,750 per 10 grams, respectively, a level last seen on June 17.
The yellow metal had lost Rs. 280 in last three days. Sovereign, however, remained steady at Rs. 24,600 per piece of eight grams in restricted buying.
In line with a general weak trend, silver dropped further by Rs. 350 to Rs. 42,350 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs. 450 to Rs. 41,740 per kg.
The white metal had lost Rs. 100 yesterday. Sovereign, however, continued to be traded at last level of Rs. 74,000 for buying and Rs. 75,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Honda launches new edition of  Dream Neo  bike priced at 45 067Honda launches new edition of 'Dream Neo' bike priced at Rs. 45,067
PTI  Mumbai, September 03, 2014
First Published: 20:27 IST(3/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:55 IST(3/9/2014)
To cash in on the festive season, Japanese two-wheeler maker Honda Motorcycle and Scooter on Wednesday rolled out the 2014 edition of its 110-cc mass segment bike, 'Dream Neo', priced at Rs. 45,067 (ex-showroom Mumbai).
Honda launches Dream Neo
The company had launched the bike in India last year. "Dream Neo is a part of Honda's Dream series motorcycles.
To celebrate the upcoming festival season, we are introducing a new additional colour providing more choice to the customers in their dream bike," Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI) vice-president (Sales & Marketing) YS Guleria said in a release.
Dream Neo is now available in five colour variants - amazing white, black with violet stripes, black with red stripes, alfa red and monsoon grey.
The company has reported 25.68% growth in total sales for August at 3,88,210 units over the same month last year. Its motorcycle sales rose 6.35% to 1,53,194 units in the reporting period.

China s top smartphone makerThe cult of Xiaomi seeks world domination
By Charles Riley and Kristie Lu Stout  @CNNTech September 2, 2014: 10:17 AM ET
 
Xiaomi: Why we're not Apple
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Hugo Barra walks on stage to cheers from several hundred ardent fans. The Xiaomi executive, wearing a wig and sequined silver shirt, launches into a Chinese song and dance routine.
While still several notches below Beatlemania, the Hong Kong fan fest hosted Saturday by the Chinese smartphone maker didn't feel like a typical tech event. One lucky fan got a free television. A few others won shiny new smartphones. The enthusiasm was palpable.
Barra, the former head of product management at Google's android unit, said that Xiaomi's fan events can feel "like a rock concert."
"The atmosphere is that of a Justin Bieber concert," Barra told CNN. "We cater these events to our loyal fans. These are the people who have been following our brand for a long time. They have all the devices. They read everything about us."
The events seem to be working. Xiaomi, founded just four years ago by Lei Jun, was crowned king of the Chinese smartphone market in the second quarter, with a 14% share. They sold more phones than any other company -- even Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) and Samsung ( SSNLF ).
"That obviously happened much faster than we thought," Barra said. "We're building the best possible products we can. And we've managed to accelerate the rate with which we've been introducing new products into the Chinese market."
Related: Xiaomi is China's new smartphone king
The privately-owned company is known in China for its cheap phones and skillful marketing. The devices -- which some critics deride as Apple knockoffs -- typically cost around $130, little more than the parts and labor. Xiaomi makes money on all the extras.
"You can say that we're an Internet platform company before we're a smartphone vendor," Barra said. "The phones are actually the delivery vehicle for the software."
Xiaomi poached Barra from Google last year to help it become a global player. Indonesia, Mexico, Russia, Thailand and Turkey are all target markets. Barra is now living in Bangalore and preparing to launch the company in India. He is going to Brazil next.
Related: China's Xiaomi poaches top Google exec
If consumers in those markets are as receptive as audiences in China, Xiaomi might be hard to stop.
One fan at the Hong Kong event told CNN he had already bought three Xiaomi phones -- plus a few TV accessories.
"They're selling a dream," he said. "The products are cheaper. They sell at a price where you can't find phones. Not a good one at least."
Yet even as Xiaomi expands, the company faces accusations that it is copying Apple's products, marketing and style.
"What [critics] don't realize is that little-known Xiaomi has actually been the source of ideas that have been used around the world ... by others," Barra said, citing a design feature of the operating system that creates a blurry background.
While Xiaomi will eventually offer its phones in tier one markets, it's not a priority. Asked if Xiaomi even needed to sell in the U.S., Barra said no.
"Frankly, we don't." he said. "It's important for us to be there, but we're not in a rush."
-- CNN's Ravi Hiranand contributed reporting.
First Published: September 2, 2014: 2:53 AM ET
Join the Conversation

South Korea plans to attract Indian touristsSouth Korea plans to attract Indian tourists
Darpan Singh , Hindustan Times  Seoul, September 03, 2014
First Published: 22:01 IST(3/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:56 IST(4/9/2014)
Comments
South Korea has planned to attract a large number of travelers from Indian cities including Delhi. The 17th Asian Games being held in Seoul from September 19 may boost these plans.
In 2013, 1.23 lakh people travelled from India — mainly from Delhi and Mumbai — to South Korea, up by 33% compared to 2012. This year, till July, there is a further 10% jump, said officials in Korea Tourism Organisation (KTO).
KTO, part of the South Korea government, has been active in Delhi and Mumbai because of direct air connectivity with Seoul, the capital, but it is now focusing on south India as well. South Korea expects 2 lakh Indians every year in the next five years with an average annual growth of 10%.
Byungsun Lee, director, KTO in India, told HT, “Right now we’re trying to focus on promoting leisure tourism from India to South Korea. We’re promoting Seoul and Jeju Island as twin destinations. We’re starting a joint campaign in Indian market.”
“We are expecting a big movement during Asian Games because of Indian youth’s growing interest in sports,” he said. KTO plans to market tourism around culture, food and entertainment. The attractions include: exotic beaches, museums, Yatch tours, water sports and Unesco heritage sites. Lotte World and Seoul Tower are major attractions.
“If travelers have a few hours of waiting time during stop over at Incheon International Airport, there is a free transit tour for them,” said another KTO official. KTO is trying to cash in on the growing popularity of Korean pop, food, dramas and movies in India.
(The writer’s recent trip to South Korea was sponsored by KTO)

Flipkart partners with NIFT to help students turn entrepreneursFlipkart partners with NIFT to help students turn entrepreneurs
PTI  New Delhi, September 03, 2014
First Published: 22:23 IST(3/9/2014) | Last Updated: 22:24 IST(3/9/2014)
Comments
The National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) has partnered with online marketplace Flipkart to give training to its students in areas like creating private lables and marketing of products.
NIFT on Wednesday signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the e-commerce giant to work together on enhancing the market-oriented learning of the students and expose them to trends from across the globe.
"NIFT is involved with grass root level artisans across country, through its Academic Craft Clusters intervention.
The missing linkage was students' access to market intelligence, market linkage and opportunities, which this association will provide," NIFT Director General Prem Kumar Gera said here.
The MoU with Flipkart will give the students access to other handloom, apparels, leather and accessory clusters.
Besides, Flipkart's business model will give them access to a lot of analytical data that will bring alive consumer and business trends, he added.
Flipkart's chief people officer Mekin Maheshwari said fashion is an untapped market and today the industry needs capable and motivated people to drive it forward. Consumers are exposed to trends from across the globe and now expect creative as well as unique products.
"By giving this exposure to the NIFT students Flipkart will make a difference to the way they build their careers as well as allow them to be more relevant to the industries that they choose to enter," he added.
The partnership will enhance opportunities for students to develop their skills according to the career path that they wish to take, which could be to build private labels, become entrepreneurs, work with large fashion and retail brands or explore research and academics, Maheshwari said.
The scope of MoU also covers NIFT Alumni who have started their own business and are looking for new platforms to market their products. This is part of Flipkart's initiative 'Flipkart Kaarigar ke Dwaar'. Under its 'Flipkart Kaarigar ke Dwaar' initiative, the e-Commerce firm will encourage local handloom weavers and artisans to join the online shopping journey.
The first pilot will start in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's constituency Varanasi.
Flipkart, as part of the project, has also signed an agreement with Federation Of Indian Small Medium Enterprise (FISME) and Ministry of Labour and Employment to help Indian MSMEs leverage the online marketplace platform to scale their businesses, supplement employee requirements and upgrade their skills.
The Bangalore-based company has also signed a MoU with textiles ministry.
The firm believes these partnerships will help create huge employment and boost manufacturing. Also, rural economy will get a boost and migration from rural to urban areas will reduce.

Geraldo Rivera s Terrifying ISIS CommentGeraldo Rivera reacted to the horrific beheading of journalist Steven Sotloff by ISIS militants by declaring that the US should...behead right back.
From Rivera's Twitter feed:
Morning, the president finally declared our strategic goal to 'degrade and destroy' ISIS. We must hold him to it. Behead the ISIS butchers.
— Geraldo Rivera (@GeraldoRivera) September 3, 2014
ISIS is said to seek a USA declaration of war for prestige. We must teach them the truth of old life lesson, to be careful what you wish for
— Geraldo Rivera (@GeraldoRivera) September 3, 2014
Anyone looking for dispassionate analysis would be wise to look elsewhere.

Uniqlo may unveil India plan  eyes 100 storesUniqlo may unveil India plan, eyes 100 stores
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 04, 2014
First Published: 00:43 IST(4/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:46 IST(4/9/2014)
Japan’s casual wear chain Uniqlo is expected to open 100 stores across India — and make the biggest-single dose of foreign direct investment (FDI) in the retail sector into the country.
Advertisement
Uniqlo has mixed low-cost manufacturing and affordable fashion to build a global business that matches the likes of US-based Gap and Spain’s Zara.
Top executives of Fast Retailing, Asia’s largest clothing retailer that owns Uniqlo, short for “unique clothing”, met senior government officials during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Japan this week and indications are that plans have been firmed up.
“There were discussions on Uniqlo’s investment plans in India. Uniqlo is expected to open a chain of around 100 stores across India,” a top government source told HT. He refused to divulge further details.
This planned investment is expected to surpass the `10,500 crore committed by Swedish furniture retailer Ikea that plans to open 25 stores by 2020 in India.
 A year back the Japanese firm had postponed its India plans but seems to have revived it. India had in January 2012 allowed 100% FDI in single-brand retail.
Uniqlo did not comment on the fresh round of its meetings with Indian officials.
The stage was set in June this year when Uniqlo’s chairman Tadashi Yanai  discussed his company’s plans with Modi soon after he swept to power in elections. Modi with his “Look East” policies, has promised a special window to help Japanese companies.
Billionaire Yanai, whose net worth is estimated at $17 billion, is the president of Fast Retailing, which controls a bunch of companies that includes Uniqlo, Helmut Lang, Theory, and J Brand. Tokyo-listed Fast Retailing had revenues of  $12.5 billion last year.
“The company aims to source garments from India,” the Prime Minister’s Office had then said in a statement after the meeting between Yanai and Modi, who has been wooing FDI with a “make in India” tag.
The statement had said Modi had highlighted the advantages that India enjoys in the garments sector, including “availability of cotton, skilled manpower, robust infrastructure, a big domestic market and good ports for exports.”
Uniqlo outsources manufacture but keeps a close check on everything from design to costs and operates through factories in China, Vietnam, Bangladesh and Indonesia.
Yanai has in the past expressed his desire to overtake Spain’s Inditex, which owns Zara.
Uniqlo’s stores are spread across 16 nations that include Japan, China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea, UK, US, France, Germany South Korea, Singapore and Russia.
India has in recent years been a hot destination for textile and garment sourcing. Various multinational brands such as Zara, Next, Gap, Marks & Spencer and Ralph Lauren source substantially from the country. India’s textile and clothing business is estimated to generate revenues of around $90 billion (`540,000 crore) which is 5% of the GDP — and is considered a big job spinner through labour-intensive manufacturing.

Govts rejig of rural telecom fund to free up 33 000 crore for operatorsComments
The communications ministry has decided to restructure the Universal Service Obligation Fund (USOF), which would enable free flow of more than Rs. 33,000 crore for private operators to roll out telecom network in remote parts of India at an affordable cost, especially broadband services.
“Over the last few years, the demand and dynamics of telecom services have changed, restructuring of USOF has been initiated to add more objectives such as broadband to all, including rural areas and bring in private operators, who have stayed away in this initiative,” a senior communication ministry official said.
Universal service obligations refer to a set of objectives, which seek to provide telecom facilities in rural areas such as mobike and internet connectivity, according to the National Telecom Policy 1999. It envisages that the obligations would be undertaken by all fixed service providers who shall then be reimbursed from the USOF.
Five per cent from operators’ revenue goes towards funding USOF. Credits to the fund are done through Parliamentary approvals. However, private telecom operators have scrapped major projects in the past in rural areas, citing non-feasibility.
“The resturcturing should examine the quantum of  USO levy and should be brought down to about one per cent and also help operators with administrative support in getting clearances from various government departments, like environment,,” Rajan Mathews, director general, Cellular Operators Association of India told HT.

Mercedes SUV GLA set for Sept 30 India launchMercedes SUV GLA set for Sept 30 India launch
Sumant Banerji , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 04, 2014
First Published: 00:39 IST(4/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:38 IST(4/9/2014)
Comments
German luxury carmaker Mercedes Benz will launch its entry-level SUV GLA on September 30 with a petrol and diesel variant. The competitor to Audi Q3 and BMW X1 is likely to be priced between Rs. 30 lakh and Rs. 38 lakh and will be imported from Germany.
The car, which would come with a 2.0-litre petrol engine, develops 181 bhp power and 300 Nm of torque. The diesel engine in the car is a 2,143 cc turbocharged motor — an iteration of the one also available in the A class small car and B class sports tourer — with an estimated peak power of 134 bhp and 300 Nm of torque.
The GLA, however, would not have an all-wheel drive capability, though the ground clearance has been raised in India to 183 mm. Compared to the Audi Q3 and BW X1, the power and torque figures are on the lower side for the GLA, but it is also a significantly lighter car. Mercedes, which is scripting a revival in India, expects GLA to bring in more volumes to its kitty.
“The GLA is a very important product for us in India and we have high expectations from it,” said Eberhard Kern, managing director and chief executive officer, Mercedes Benz India. “We have grown strongly in the first half of this year and our new products including the GLA in the second half of the year will ensure another full year of strong growth.”
Mercedes began production of the SUV in Germany in the fag end of last year and it hit the roads in Europe.

Indigo joins fare war with Rs 999 ticket offerIndigo joins fare war with Rs 999 ticket offer
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 4, 2014  | 11:27 IST
Photo: Reuters
Following its rivals low budget carrier IndiGo on Wednesday announce a discounted fares scheme starting from an all-inclusive Rs 999. This promotional offer will be available on bookings of 90 days or more in advance of the travel date.
This offer from IndiGo comes just a week after the airline had announced a promotional offer in which prices started from Rs 1,887. SpiceJet, had triggered the latest round of cheap fares offering tickets for as low as Rs 499 on travel between January and October next year as part of its Early Bird scheme.
This offer is applicable for bookings made till September 3, 2014, and travel date between January 16, 2015, and October 24, 2015 (both dates inclusive).
SpiceJet's fares are inclusive of fuel surcharge but all statutory taxes and fees are to be paid by the passenger as applicable on the date of travel. This promotional offer is only valid on SpiceJet's domestic network.
A day after the Spicejet offer Jet Airways jumped into the fray by rolling out Rs500 fares for the economy class on its domestic flights for a limited period. The all inclusive fares of Jet Airways, start from Rs 500 excluding statutory taxes and customers will be able to enjoy these substantial discounts across all destinations on the airlines' domestic network, the airline said in a release.
The bookings under the offer, however, can be made only in two days the airline said, adding that travel under the offer can only be taken January 16, 2015 onwards. Meanwhile, AirAsia India has also come up a discount offer.
The airline is offering all-in fares from Rs1,290 on different routes. This offer is applicable on bookings till September 7, 2014, and travel period between September 5, 2014 and December 11, 2014.
AirAsia India currently operates in the Bangalore to Kochi, Chennai, and Goa sectors. From September 5, AirAsia India will start flights from Bangalore to Jaipur and Bangalore to Chandigarh.

Expectations on earnings drive market rallyComments
Benchmark equity indices hit new lifetime highs for the seventh day in a row this week as investors bet that corporate earnings will receive a boost from higher economic growth, making India one of the best-performing markets so far this year.
Wednesday marked the ninth consecutive session the indices ended with a gain and the seventh that they rose to records. In these nine sessions, the Sensex, India’s most closely watched market barometer, has risen 3%, extending its gain since the start of the year to 28.2%, making it one of the world’s best performers.
Read full report here .

Q1 GDP boost: Only data mumbo-jumbo or real turnaround08:00 am
Indian economy expanded 5.7 percent in the first quarter of FY15, the highest in nine quarters, against a growth of 4.6 percent in Q4 of 2013-14. The economy grew 4.7 percent in the year-ago period. Sharing outlook on the Indian economy, Saumitra Chaudhuri, former member, Planning Commission says that confidence is high, but domestic demand is still sluggish. He expects FY15 growth to be over 5.5 percent.
The first quarter is generally a lean period for agriculture, despite that the sector registered a growth of 3.8 percent versus 4 percent Y-o-Y. However, he doesn’t expect Q1 agriculture growth to be repeated in Q2 and Q3 .
The revival in the first quarter was led by industry. The manufacturing sector grew at 3.5 percent, against a 1.2 percent contraction year-on-year. According to Chaudhuri, the sector got a beating for variety of reasons and can become an engine of growth if policies are implemented effectively.
Meanwhile, Laveesh Bhandari, Founder Director, Indicus Analytics says while one is seeing optimism about the country’s economic growth across board, but optimism in urban areas lower than that of rural areas.
When asked about the impact of strong growth on soaring inflation,  Bhandari feels even a small pick-up in growth will have impact on inflation, but Chaudhuri disagrees.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Laveesh Bhandari and Saumitra Chaudhuri's interview with CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh, Sonia Shenoy and guest editor Abhay Laijawala, MD & Head of Research, Deutsche Equities India. For the complete discussion watch the accompanying videos.
Sonia: It was a 10-quarter high this time around when we got the Q1 FY15 GDP numbers at 5.7 percent and many indicated that this is a materially strong start to the year but it might not pan out in the next couple of quarters because the industrial numbers came off a very low base. What is the sense you are getting about how the rest of the year may pan out and how we might end FY15 as far as the GDP numbers are concerned?
Bhandari: These are the Q1 estimates and these are the first estimates and they are provisional. So, first I would expect these numbers to eventually be much lower than what has come out. They do tend to be adjusted a bit sometimes. Second is that definitely there is an improvement and no one can deny that and that improvement comes in from two sources. One is there is a certain cyclicality even during bad times and we are seeing some of that and other is of course an expectational part. However inherently if you look at the very DNA of the Indian economy in rural areas and small towns you are not really finding this kind of growth.
Abhay: I know that Indicus is amongst those very few consultants who actually put out GDP and you all drill down to the district level, that is the kind of data that you all work on. You mentioned that you are not seeing that recovery in small towns but what I want to understand from you is what is the feeling you are getting, while we may not have yet seen the recovery do you believe that the data points are suggesting that small town India and at the district level as well the optimism that big town India is seeing is it percolating down to that? It would also be interesting to know from you which are the regions in the country where you are seeing more optimism and regions where you are seeing relatively less optimism?
Bhandari: One has only a few data points but I would put it the other way round. I sometimes feel these days that the optimism in urban and large urban centres is actually much lower than the optimism that one finds in smaller areas including in rural areas. Optimism as we all know has many short term ups and downs but where optimism is concerned there is almost a complete uniform distribution across India. Generally "acche din aane wale hain" has actually percolated down to the masses.
Latha: What is your sense, if you looked at the index of industrial production for instance the index is 170 points and the index in April 2011 was 166 points. While there would be growth because things fell back so much in terms of the total output we are still where we were about 3-4 years ago. What is your sense of this 5.7 percent growth? Can this be the normalised rate for the full year?
Chaudhuri: The first thing one should point out is with these quarterly numbers if you look at all of the quarterly numbers in detail is that while many things haven’t changed dramatically from the previous quarters there is no deterioration in almost anything that you can look at. Everything is either where it was or there is an improvement. I think that is a significant departure from previous quarters.
If you look at the corporate data for either the topline or the EBITDA growth or the PAT growth the same story seems to be true that while there is no remarkable improvement in anything particularly but there is no deterioration in anything. So, what you are getting is net gains. Net gains are what you see in Q1. In Q1 we are sort of benefitting from higher agricultural growth of last year because Q1 of financial is the last quarter of the crop year. So, you got 3.5 percent growth in agriculture and it is unlikely to be repeated in Q2 and Q3. Probably we might see small negative numbers. So, that would certainly pull down overall growth.
While focusing on non-farm sector growth I think the improvement will continue may be it a slightly slower pace in Q2 and may pick up a bit in Q3 because whatever numbers we have for Q2 the core index for July for instance isn’t something which is heart-warming and we have no reason to believe August will be significantly better. However at the same time if you look at electricity generation that is sort of growing in double digit numbers for several months. So, I suspect there is some activity going on the ground, it may not give you very large numbers but I think an improvement in non-farm sector growth in Q2 is little bit and Q3 much more so and Q4 much more so is certainly possible.
So, on the whole I would say we are looking at perhaps growth of somewhat above 5.5 percent if not 5.7 percent because when you are at a turning point you don’t really know how quickly you will turn till you are actually there. Confidence is high, confidence in the business sector is high, confidence in consumer sector, domestic markets are low. Most people who sell in the domestic market tell me that demand is sluggish. However that is not surprising because you have had 3 or 4 years of bad growth and 3-4 years of poor employment creation and wage growth. So, whatever gains were there till before that certainly were significant but in the last three years there has been a slowdown. It will take a little while to get out of it but I think the numbers tend to either show that a) there is no deterioration on any score and b) there is improvement in some. I think that is a very positive reading.
RELATED NEWS

Nude celebrity photos hack: Jennifer Lawrence case spotlights Internet censorshipApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

UBI claims baseless; denied chance to present case: Vijay Mallya1:00 pm
Strongly denying United Bank of India 's (UBI) wilful defaulter allegations chairman of cash-strapped  Kingfisher Airlines Vijay Mallya today said the company was not given a chance to present its case before UBI.
While addressing the media at its United Breweries ' (UB) annual general meeting, he said, "We disagree with their action. We were'nt given a hearing, will pursue legal remedies available."
UBI recently declared the grounded airline and Mallya as wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues worth Rs 400 crore. Three company directors - Subhash R Gupte, Ravi Nedungadi and Anil Kumar Ganguly — were also on the list. But the company is looking to vigorously challenge UBI's decision.
State-owned UBI is the first lender to declare KFA and promoter Mallya as wilful defaulters.
Meanwhile, speaking about the non-renewal of a section of bar licences in Kerala, the liquor baron said that prohibiting alcohol is not in public interest and there is sufficient proof available to show that this prohibition didn't work. Mallya's  United Breweries has a dominant 70 percent of the beer market in the state. However, he sees no reason for beverages to be excluded from the Goods and Services Tax (GST) ambit.
He also denied reports that he is planning to sell his stake in United Breweries to Heineken.
United Bank stock price
On September 10, 2014, at  14:26 hrs United Bank of India was quoting at Rs 45.60, down Rs 0.25, or 0.55 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 61.65 and the 52-week low was Rs 23.40.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 64.81 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 0.70.
RELATED NEWS

ECB cuts benchmark rates to 0.05% from 0.15%Sep 04, 2014, 07.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ECB cuts benchmark rates to 0.05% from 0.15%
ECB President Mario Draghi also announced plans for an asset-backed securities (ABS) and covered bond purchase programme to help ease credit conditions in the bloc.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ECB cuts benchmark rates to 0.05% from 0.15%
ECB President Mario Draghi also announced plans for an asset-backed securities (ABS) and covered bond purchase programme to help ease credit conditions in the bloc.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
In a bid to tackle the slowdown in Eurozone, the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday cut interest rates to a fresh record low. The central bank has cut benchmark interest rate to 0.05 percent from 0.15 percent and marginal lending rate to 0.3 percent, while deposit rates have been slashed to -0.2 percent from -0.1 percent.
The euro zone flatlined in the second quarter of the year and the Ukraine crisis is now weighing heavily on business confidence.
"The Governing Council sees the risks surrounding the economic outlook for the euro area on the downside," ECB President Mario Draghi told a news conference.
"In particular, the loss in economic momentum may dampen private investment, and heightened geopolitical risks could have a further negative impact on business and consumer confidence," he added.
New ECB economic forecasts predicted slower growth this year, of just 0.9 percent, picking up to 1.6 percent in 2015. The forecast for inflation, now at 0.3 percent, was cut to 0.6 percent, rising to 1.1 percent in 2015, still way below the ECB’s target of close to but below 2 percent.
Draghi said if inflation looked like staying too low for too long, the ECB Governing Council was unanimous in its commitment to using other "unconventional instruments”.
He added that Thursday's decisions were not supported unanimously by his colleagues although there was a "comfortable majority".
Draghi also announced purchase of asset-backed securities and covered bonds to help ease credit conditions. A Reuters report indicate the amount could be 500 billion euros (USD 650 billion) over three years. The ECB’s interventions in these programs will begin in October 2014.
In an earlier interview to CNBC-TV18, Manish Singh, Chief Strategist & Head of Investments at Crossbridge Capital, said that he had expected Draghi to be under a lot of pressure to come up with additional stimulus measures.
“I do not think asset-backed securities (ABS) purchase alone is going to be enough and that is primarily because of the size of the SME ABS market that he has talked about,” Singh said.
 

Modinomics falls short of taming inflation: PollNarendra Modi could do more to curb inflation: Opinion Poll
Aditya Kalra     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 4, 2014  | 18:39 IST
PM Narendra Modi
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has scored high on overall performance during his first three months in office, but many are disappointed with his new administration's efforts to bring down inflation, an opinion poll showed.
The poll conducted by Today's Chanakya, the only pollster that accurately predicted the scale of Modi's election victory in May, showed almost half of the respondents felt the Hindu nationalist leader could have taken more stringent steps to curb inflation.
Modi rose to power with promises of reviving India's flagging economy and reducing prices of essential commodities, but consumer price inflation touched a two-month high of nearly 8 per cent in July while food price inflation neared double digits.
More than two-thirds of those polled said the government's efforts to tackle price rise have remained unchanged or weakened over the last three months, the survey results released in two parts over late Tuesday and Wednesday showed.
Though the country's economy grew 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter and recorded its strongest growth in 2-1/2 years, analysts say there is little hard evidence to indicate a sustained rebound.
Ratings agency Moody's on Wednesday said any upgrade to India's sovereign rating is limited by the country's fiscal deficit and inflation outlook.
While 41 per cent of the respondents said the economy is back on track, 34 per cent said it is still not out of the woods.
Still, echoing the sentiment of several other recent opinion polls, a large majority of respondents - 66 per cent - said they were satisfied with the new government's performance so far.
On the issue of corruption, that cost Modi's predecessors dearly in the national elections, 54 per cent surveyed expressed confidence the current government can effectively curb graft that plagues Asia's third-largest economy.
Today's Chanakya, part of a family-run research firm started two decades ago in New Delhi, interviewed 6,280 people across 14 Indian cities between August 26 and August 31 for the poll.
(Reuters)

Welcome to the Age of HacksWelcome to the Age of Hacks
By Jose Pagliery   @Jose_Pagliery September 4, 2014: 1:33 PM ET
 
What happens to your stolen credit cards
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Why are we all getting hacked? It's simple economics.
Criminals want our data. Yes, even yours. It's more valuable than you think.
Celebrities like Jennifer Lawrence and Kate Upton are a special case. Hackers target them for nude photos , because their private lives are prized treasure for creeps.
For the rest of us, it's all about our credit cards and identities. That's why hackers likely targeted the Home Depot's ( HD ) payments systems this year, along with Albertson's , Target , Michaels , Neiman Marcus , P.F. Chang's and SuperValu .
Think you're immune? Think again. As CNNMoney reported exclusively, half of American adults were hacked this year.
Here's what hackers are after -- and what they're getting.
Credit cards: Every time you swipe a debit card at a store, that transaction is processed on a computer network. That network is connected to the Internet. Hackers break into those computers from far away, infect them with a virus and steal card data.
That's how Target lost 40 million debit and credit cards last year. The episode has cost Target ( TGT ) $146 million so far. Investors got lower returns. The CEO was sacked.
This type of hack has become more common in recent years.
Still not convinced? Use this CNNMoney tool to see what hackers know about you .
And credit card hacks will keep happening . Retailers haven't yet figured out how to guard their Internet-connected payment systems. Plus, we're swiping cards that are fundamentally insecure. Magnetic stripes use 1950s technology. It's easy to grab their data, slap it on blank cards and sell them online.
Making matters worse, the United States has yet to join the rest of the world and upgrade to chip-enabled smart cards, which are harder to reproduce. Everyone is hurting.
Remember: The costs of hacking get passed along to you, the consumer.
Then there's the annoyance every time a bank reissues your card. It costs banks $3 to $5 each, and you go a week without a card. Those costs get passed onto you as well.
Identities: They're not just after your money. Hackers want to impersonate you too.
Why? On the black market, old credit cards only fetch $1 each. Medical records go for $50 a pop.
They're more valuable, because criminals use your Social Security number to fraudulently bill insurance, Medicare or Medicaid or get prescriptions for controlled drugs. The FBI estimates that fraud makes up 3% to 10% of the $2.5 trillion the United States spends on health care annually. That adds up to a whopping $75 billion to $250 billion a year. Taxpayers everywhere are footing the bill.
And scammers can steal your tax refund by filing claims in your name, freezing future tax refunds for years. It's so widespread, the IRS paid $3.6 billion in fraudulent tax refunds in 2012.
There's not much you can do to stop them from getting your personal information -- it is more accessible than ever. We type our Social Security numbers into online job applications and loan requests. Medical records, by default, now live on hospital computer servers.
That's why it's so alarming that 90% of hospitals and clinics lose their patients' data to data breaches and hackers stole data on 4.5 million patients when they broke into a hospital network this year.
Identity theft can be much worse than credit card fraud. Your credit history can be ruined. Good luck buying a house. Someone can rack up a criminal record in your name. Cleaning that up is a mess.
What you can do: We've moved our entire lives online, yet most of us refuse to take the proper precautions.
Retailers, hospitals, government agencies, teenagers, adults -- we're all guilty. We stupidly reuse the same, short password. We answer easy-to-guess security questions honestly.
So here's what to do: Avoid using your debit card -- ever. If it's compromised, criminals can empty your checking account. Use cash instead. Or use your credit card, because then you're not liable for fraud.
Change your passwords frequently, and use better ones. Password123 is easy to remember but easy to crack. Something like H&uy91oP is hard to remember but still easy to crack. Use a long, wacky passphrase like, My52ndDinosaurHouseIsOnFiiire!.
But you're probably not going to do anything after reading this. And that's why you'll keep getting hacked .
First Published: September 4, 2014: 12:41 PM ET
Join the Conversation

 Fertiliser Industry Awaiting Policy: Vijay MallyaFashion World Divided on First Look at Apple Watch
Bangalore:
UB group Chairman Vijay Mallya today said the fertiliser industry is eagerly awaiting a comprehensive fertiliser policy that will provide clarity going forward and enable companies to plan their business.
"We are all eagerly awaiting a comprehensive fertiliser policy that will provide clarity going forward. It will enable the fertilizer companies to plan their business for the future including expansion, and I think that certainty will help the fertiliser industry enormously," he told reporters here.
Speaking on the sidelines of the Annual General Meeting of Members of the Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers Limited here, he said "We all know that the country is deficient in fertilizer production and it would be in the best interest of the industry if domestic companies ramped up their production with further investment, but are unable to do so in the absence of clear policy."
"This problem of there being no clear long-term policy is something that has been going for the past several years. I hope it is now fixed once in for all," he added.
Stating that Mangalore Chemicals& Fertilizers Limited had already invested about Rs 300 crore in converting from naphtha feed stocks to gas feed stocks, he said, "We are absolutely ready; the Gas Authority of India Limited is late in providing gas connectivity to Mangalore. This was promised to us which is the basis on which we made the investment, but it seems as if gas connectivity will be at least two years late."
"So clearly we have requested the government to continue their subsidy policy on naphtha based plants till such time that the other government agency which is GAIL provides us with the gas which we are ready to accept," he added.
To a question why Zuari is a better partner in open offer for MCFL, he said "Zuari in the fertilizer business has the similar product profile to MCFL; it is geographically, strategically and more conveniently located to MCFL. There are joint procurement synergies which we have already experienced, the territories are complementary to each other and so it makes more business sense for us to have supported Zuari in the open offer."
Sebi approval has come and Competition Commission of India (CCI) approval is hopefully expected in the near future, Mr Mallya added.
Zuari Agro Chemicals as well as Deepak Fertilizers and Petrochemicals Ltd are looking to take over MCFL.
Asked if this will develop as a price war between Deepak and Zuari because Deepak has steadily been upping their stake in MCFL through purchases in the open market, Mr Mallya said, "I think the combination of the current UB group and Zuari holding speaks for itself."
"This is now a SEBI process, I cannot comment further on it and I think both parties will have to comply with the SEBI requirements," he stated.
On whether he would retain the board control even if UB Zuari combine succeeds in toppling Deepak in controlling MCFL, Mr Mallya said, "The application by Zuari to SEBI is self-explanatory and so are the articles of MCF."
Stating that import and distribution of fertilizer is an integral part of this whole business he said, "I'm concerned about the fact that due to the huge price differential between urea and DAP, farmers are choosing the cheaper option and overusing urea. This is creating a huge nutritional imbalance in soil which will hurt the farmer in the long run."
"That is why MCFL is also now concentrating on producing and selling soil nutrients, but we are also trying to educate the farmer saying that a balance between nitrogenic and phospatic fertilizers is a must," he added.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 21:58 (IST)

 Mallya Defaulter Crisis Not to Impact MCFL-Adventz PactFashion World Divided on First Look at Apple Watch
Kolkata:
The wilful defaulter crisis haunting liquor baron Vijay Mallya may not impact the existing joint- control pact with Saroj Poddar-controlled Adventz Group for Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd.
"The situation remains unchanged as (status of) wilful defaulter is irrelevant as far as my agreement with Mr Mallya over Mangalore Chemicals is concerned....we continue to remain interested and that position remains unchanged," Mr Poddar told reporters on the sidelines of the AGM of his group company Texmaco Rail.
But, if Mr Mallya fails to clear the defaulter tag, he will have to look for people outside the UB group to get nominated in the board to continue to retain the management control of MCFL along with his ally Saroj Poddar.
Vijay Mallya along with directors of Kingfisher Airlines, Subhas Gupte, Anil Kumar Ganguly, Ayani Kurassi and Ravindranath Nedungadi, have been named as wilful defaulters by United Bank of India after the grounded airlines failed to pay up loans.
Mr Poddar in May teamed up with Mr Mallya to up the bid price for a 26 per cent stake in MCFL to thwart a move by Deepak Fertilisers and Chemicals, which has been trying to acquire a controlling stake in the company.
As per the agreement Mr Mallya was supposed to continue as the chairman of MCFL.
"The only different that will happen is Mallya remaining chairman and the board positions. Beyond that I think there would be any change," Mr Poddar said.
However, he said, "But the agreement obviously has to be modified as when we did the pact we never forsee this scenario."
"Even if Mr Mallya is not there he still has the right to appoint three directors and that doesn't change. So, three directors can come in as long as they are not UB employees as his employees like Subhas Gupte and Ravin (Nedungadi) have been named. There is also no family member (in the boards) as of now," Mr Poddar said.
Reserve Bank of India's regulation states that wilfully defaulting directors should be removed from the board of the companies and that they shouldn't be inducted in the board of any company in future.
Mr Poddar said Mallya had told him there had not been any wilful default.
"After this UBI development, we haven't met or discussed the (Mangalore Chemicals) issue......While he didn't mention anything about Mangalore Chemicals or about our pact, the fact that he kept me informed is the confirmation that he is very much on (the agreement)."
Mr Poddar, owns 16.43 per cent through Zuari Agro Chemicals, along with Mallya, who has a promoter stake of 22.91 per cent followed it up with a counter offer at Rs 68.55 per share.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 21:24 (IST)

Organisations must offer broad-based reward scheme‘Organisations must offer broad-based reward scheme’
Our Bureau
M Manickam, Chairman and Managing Director of Sakthi Automotive Group and Executive Vice Chairman of Sakthi Sugars.
Coimbatore, September 4:  
To meet the aspirations of a transient workforce, an organisation has to evolve a broad-based reward scheme and motivate its people, said M Manickam, Chairman and Managing Director of Sakthi Automotive Group and Executive Vice Chairman of Sakthi Sugars.
Inaugurating the 8th edition of the Confederation of Indian Industry, Coimbatore zone's HR Conclave 2014, Manickam emphasised the importance of value creation – both from the point of view of the company and the individual. “The present day youth is neither loyal to their employer nor are they motivated. Hiring them for a package that does not meet their expectations makes them hop jobs; at the same time organisations cannot afford to pay hefty sums for people with no experience. An organisation should therefore invest on training and motivate its people,” he said.
Citing IT giant IBM's reward system, he said, “While most organisations announce a reward scheme for best/star performers, which probably could account for 2 to 10 per cent of its workforce, IBM announces rewards for 60 per cent of its employees. Thus, even the average worker feels like a winner and is motivated to do more. It is a broad-based scheme; we should have such an inclusive system to create a winning team, train the employees and take a middle path.”
Additional Commissioner of Labour P Marimuthu said that focusing on human resource (HR) without taking industrial relations (IR) into account would create lot of problems.
Highlighting some of the recent trends in IR issues, he said, “They are aplenty, particularly because of the growing number of migrant workforce.” The department had undertaken a migrant mapping study and there was no data on the exact number of migrant workers, he said. Industry participants said that money or compensation, though important is not the only criteria for someone to join an organisation. The job seeker assesses his growth prospects in the company, and so does the employer, by looking into the kind of value creation in engaging the concerned.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Intel partners with TN govt on speech recognition softwareIntel partners with TN govt on speech recognition software
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Sept. 4:  
Intel has begun work with the Tamil Nadu Government in a pilot project to provide speech recognition software in personal computers, Debjani Ghosh, Vice President-Sales and Marketing Group, and Managing Director for South Asian Region, told Business Line.
The tech major has been involved for over nine years in programmes to enable schools and Government departments adopt technological tools for efficient services. It has trained over 50,000 teachers in the State, set up embedded systems laboratories in top institutes such as IIT-Madras, and initiated schemes for soft skills development in Government-run Arts and Science colleges.
“You do have basic speech recognitions in phones, but there are not many for PCs,” Ghosh said. The company is on this project with partners whom Ghosh refused to reveal. “When you are talking about rural audiences, they are okay using the phone to talk, but they are more comfortable using larger devices for speech recognition.”
This project, which can assist non-English speaking Indians, comes at a time when the lack of vernacular e-content is starkly lacking. India has about 250 million internet users, but there is no Indian language among the top 10 languages used in online communication, said Ghosh at a summit Intel organised in association with ICT Academy of Tamil Nadu. By 2015, we will have millions of more users added to the base, and how are we going to handle the technology and content for this growing population? she wondered.
Intel had taken up digital literacy drives in Rajasthan and Meghalaya to introduce computers, e-mail, and online information access to villagers. The National Digital Literacy Mission was about enabling rural inhabitants access relevant data – “It was about helping a farmer know the latest mandi prices.” But these programmes become effective if they are accompanied by online content in local language.
TK Ramachandran, Secretary to Government, Information and Technology Department, Tamil Nadu, said the State is setting up an online platform for technology companies to pitch their products. This will enhance the Government’s exposure to tools on offer for e-governance. “There have been responses from about a dozen companies. Intel should also participate,” he said.
ICTACT executes its projects with a host of partners including Microsoft, Tata Consultancy Services, IBM, and Intel.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

RBI needs to focus on banking needs of new States  North-East‘RBI needs to focus on banking needs of new States, North-East’
Vinson Kurian
Employees’ body responds to apex bank’s internal restructuring plans
Thiruvananthapuram, September 4:  
The All-India Reserve Bank Employees Association has said that the apex bank needs to focus its attention on the developmental needs of the newly-formed States and those to the north-east of the country.
Though the RBI has tier-III offices in these State capitals, the banking needs of their area under command yearn for attention, the Association said in response to internal restructuring plans of the banking regulator.
The RBI has chalked up a mandate for development, that is not only sector-specific but also region-specific. According to this, the tier-III offices play a key role here. Currently, skeletal in their structure, these should be made full-fledged establishments, able to cater to the needs of the local people.
Development mandate
Availability of adequate currency notes/coins, development of cooperative and non-banking finance companies, suitable banking network, financial inclusion and financial literacy are issues that need to be accorded high priority. A department for currency management should, ideally, be opened in all tier-III offices and there should be recruitment of staff at the base level periodically. The HR Department had sought the views of the Association in response to its document on the ‘operational blueprint for organisational restructuring and implementation of the human resources initiatives.’
It proposes reorganising the RBI into verticals across departments, shifting of certain divisions/sections from one to the other, and lateral recruitments of officers at the highest levels, among others.
Movements from one cluster to the other should be smooth and transfer of officers from one cluster to the other or from one office to the other should be least disruptive, while being non-discriminatory. The Association said that the top hierarchy is disproportionately large when compared with the State Bank of India or Punjab National Bank, the country’s largest and second largest banks, whose geographical and numerical coverage surpasses that of the RBI.
Delegation of powers
Inspections in a sensitive areas, such as banking and non-banking activities, should be delegated to regional offices, the Association said.
These offices should be given adequate authority to function in the areas under their jurisdiction in all matters. As far as micro-finance and non-banking finance companies are concerned, an overwhelming majority of them remain outside the purview of the RBI’s supervision. This needs to be reversed, it said.
Forex transfers
Another sensitive area is transaction of foreign exchange. The RBI avoids direct inspection of banks in this regard and relies on the information furnished by the banks. All these areas have to be appropriately looked into. Otherwise, the proposed restructuring and clustering will be merely cosmetic, the Association observed.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Wanted: Whistle-blower specialistsSachin P Mampatta |  Mumbai Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 10:50 PM IST
Wanted: Whistle-blower specialists
A mechanism on this is mandated from Oct and third-party entities managing such services give staffers far more confidence to blow the lid on wrongdoing
The promoter of a foreign company had a complaint that its country manager was making use of the entity’s intellectual property and customer database for personal gain. A probe revealed the person had been selling goods 20 per cent cheaper to certain customers through an intermediary and taking part of the profit.
What the foreign promoter later found was that its employees knew. However, they were reluctant to provide a tip-off, since the person involved was known to be close to the promoter. It was only after the implementation of a whistle-blower mechanism, managed by a third-party service provider, that things finally came to light.
Such third-party whistle-blower management services might well find their place in the sun with the implementation of new corporate governance norms for listed companies next month. These require the establishment of a reporting mechanism for malpractices and a third-party manager of such services are likely to be more effective, say experts.
There are at least seven companies which provide such services. Essentially, these companies set up mechanisms for employees to report wrongdoing. Since they are managed outside the company framework, employees are seen to be more comfortable with them, as opposed to those managed by the company itself.
Arpinder Singh, partner and national leader — fraud investigation and dispute services, EY, said use of companies providing such services help the whistle-blowing process. “Employees feel safer if it is through a third-party rather than someone within the organisation. Such agencies also typically provide multiple channels for entities to report issues, including through hotlines as well as through the web,” he said.
OUTSOURCING THE WHISTLE-BLOWER MECHANISM
What are third-party service providers?
These are firms which manage the whistle-blowing mechanism for companies externally
What do they do?
They provide hotlines and other platforms for employees to expose wrongdoing
What are the advantages of outsourcing the function?
Employees are more confident if the tip-off goes to someone outside the company, especially if senior management is involved
How many companies use it?
Only 32 per cent of Indian companies use it, though most MNCs have already adopted the practice
Which companies provide such services?
Navex Global, Network Inc, In Touch India Ltd, Whistle-blowers Pty Ltd, Spectra Management and Integrity Matters are some such companies
Yatish Mamniya, founding partner at Integrity Matters, a company providing the service, said using a third party provider helps instill confidence in people who might not otherwise be comfortable providing information on malpractices. “The Companies Bill does not mandate outsourcing to a third party but it helps, especially since we have seen a tendency to track down such individuals, who have later been victimised,” he said.
While most multinational companies have put in place such mechanisms, only 32 per cent of Indian firms have done so, according to an EY survey, titled ‘The whistle-blowing quandary: India Inc’s journey from oblivious to obvious’ issued in August, in which the story of the country manager was mentioned. The low percentage of use is despite the new norms taking effect next month. A April 17 circular issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) says: “The company shall establish a vigil mechanism for directors and employees to report concerns about unethical behaviour, actual or suspected fraud or violation of the company’s code of conduct or ethics policy.”
The regulator revised the provisions of the listing agreement and a new one takes effect from October 1. Sebi’s move is in line with Clause 177 (9) of the new Companies Act. This says listed companies need to have a mechanism allowing people to take up issues of malpractice.
“The majority of firms that outsourced their whistle-blowing mechanisms were from the consumer product and media and entertainment sectors (24 per cent and 23 per cent, respectively),” added the EY survey.

HT poll: 82% think students should listen to Modi s Teachers  Day speechComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will interact live with millions of young students and teachers across the nation on Friday on the occasion of Teachers' Day.
Modi will address the students from 3pm to 4.45pm through satellite link and live telecast on Doordarshan and the human resource development ministry website.
He will address about 1,000 students from various Delhi schools at the Manekshaw Auditorium in New Delhi, which will be broadcasted live by all Doordarshan channels to over 18 lakh government and private schools in the country, as well on radio. Live streaming on the web would also be available.
He will also take questions from some students across the country through video-conferencing. 
The one hour forty five minutes event will also be beamed live through educational satellite EDUSAT.
The HRD ministry in a meeting with states recently had directed them to make arrangements in all government schools for PM’s interaction to be watched and heard live.
The scheduled event however ran into controversy as a number of states objected to the instruction from the HRD ministry saying it was not feasible for them to make arrangements in a short span of time.
The CPI(M) on Wednesday said the BJP-RSS combine was making an attempt to “indoctrinate young minds” and HRD ministry’s instruction was unprecedented and should be rescinded immediately.
Earlier the Congress had termed it a case of self propaganda. “Are we allowed to make virtual propaganda? Has the government ever used government machinery to influence impressionable minds with political or partially political agenda? It's an issue of misuse of state machinery for self-propaganda,” party spokesman Abhishek Singhvi said.
HRD minister Smriti Irani clarified on Monday that the event was voluntary and the students would not be forced watch it.
Read: An open letter to PM Narendra Modi on Teachers' Day
Hindustan Times conducted a poll to find the opinion of the people on Prime Minister Narendra Modi's mass contact programme with students on Teachers' Day. A survey was also conducted to find out people's awareness about Teachers' day and its significance.
In the opinion poll readers' were asked whether it was a good decision to make teachers and students listen to PM Modi's address on Teachers Day. About 82% of the respondents said that the decision was good. About 17% of the people did not think that the decision was right, while about 1% people who voted did not have any opinion on the issue.
 
In the survey, readers were asked to vote on three questions with multiple choices to know their understanding about Teachers' Day.
In the first question, people were asked to tell in whose memory was Teachers' Day celebrated every year. About 19% of people who took the survey selected Rajendra Prasad as the right answer, 7% said Jawaharlal Nehru, 5% of the respondents voted for Dronacharya and Ved Vyas each, while only 64% of the readers went for the correct option 'none of the above'. Of course, Dr Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, the former Indian President, whose birthday is celebrated as Teachers' Day in India was not in the list of choices.
In the second question, readers were asked what should be the government's priority on Teachers' Day. About 40% of respondents picked the option of including teachers' training in government's skill development plan, about 32% wanted government to take steps to improve facilities in schools, 18% wanted government to provide better pay and facilities to teachers while 10% voters wanted government to stop using teachers for non-teaching jobs, like surveys.
People were asked to pick the best way to celebrate Teachers' Day among a few options in the last part of the survey. About 36% said school managements should award their best teachers, while 31% picked the option of getting teacher's representatives to interact directly with political leadership on their problems. Another 31% wanted government to honour school teachers every year while 2% wanted government to declare Teacher's Day as holiday.

70 feared dead in J-K floods  mishapComments
At least fifty people were feared dead on Thursday after a bus carrying a wedding party was washed away by flash floods in Jammu and Kashmir’s Rajouri district, even as 20 other flood-related deaths were reported from other parts of the state.
  
Play Pause
An eldery person carrying his patient daughter away after the flood water entered Bone and Joint Hospital at Barzulla in Srinagar. (PTI Photo)
A Kashmiri girl boards a boat from the window of her home as she leaves her flooded neighborhood in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
A view of a flooded house in Srinagar.(Waseem Andrabi/HT Photo)
A Kashmiri boy rows a boat in the front lawns of a submerged house in a flooded area during incessant rains in Srinagar. (Reuters Photo)
Children ride a horse cart on the banks of the river Tawi as it rains in Jammu. (Reuters Photo)
The flood water inundates Hanuman Mandir at Amira after incessant rains in Srinagar. (PTI Photo)
Kashmiri residents carrying a goat wade through floodwaters in Srinagar.(AP Photo)
Three days of heavy rain left rivers in the state flowing above the danger mark and triggered landslides in several places, forcing key highway stretches to close for traffic. More rainfall is likely for at least the next two days, the meteorological department warned.
On Thursday afternoon, the bus -- filled to its capacity of 52, including the bride and groom – was on its way to Lam, around 120 km from Jammu city, when it was hit by surging waters of the Gambhir river. Only three people survived the accident.
“Rescue operations were severely hampered by heavy rainfall,” said Rajouri senior superintendent of police Mubassir Latifi.
The state capital of Srinagar also braced for major floods with the Jhelum, Kashmir’s main river, flowing more than seven feet above the danger mark.
Vast swathes of Srinagar remain inundated, with water levels just a few feet shy of breaching Lal Chowk, the city’s commercial hub.
With water level rising by the hour, locals complained of administrative apathy. “Our colony has been under water since 2am Thursday but no help arrived till morning. Only two boats, with a capacity of four, were made available by the administration, even though hundreds of people are stranded,” said Mushtaq Ali, a resident of Hamdania colony in Srinagar’s Bemina area.
Torrential rainfall forced the Vaishno Devi pilgrimage to be suspended on Thursday after three people were injured in landslides triggered by heavy showers.
The 300-km-long Jammu-Srinagar national highway also closed for traffic after two landslides in the Ramban district left hundreds of vehicles stranded.
South Kashmir’s Anantnag and Kulgam districts are among the worst hit, with at least 50 villages under water and more than 1500 people marooned. On Thursday, the government dispatched 50 boats to the region that evacuated hundreds of people trapped by floodwater. A number of bridges have also collapsed in south and central Kashmir, cutting off several hamlets.
“People living along the banks of Jhelum and embankments of other water bodies have been asked to move to safer areas immediately,” said Kashmir divisional commissioner.
Amid complaints that the administration was slow in responding to the crisis, chief minister Omar Abdullah conducted an aerial survey of flood-affected districts on Thursday, directing officials to take all necessary measures to safeguard lives of people affected by the deluge.
The government has asked the air force to keep a rescue plan ready, and around 500,000 sand bags have been kept available, said a spokesperson. The cabinet has also approved Rs. 10 crore for rescue work.
All schools and colleges are closed in the state till Sunday. Kashmir University has postponed its examination.

No bus ride home for some students  others to be tested on PMs speechComments
When Prime Minister Narendra Modi makes his televised Teachers’ Day speech on Friday, hundreds of students will be worrying about how to get back home or listening raptly and taking notes for a ‘test’ on it the next day.
Most schools in the Capital have made it mandatory for students to stay back for the 3-4.30pm telecast. Some even plan to take attendance and fine students who skip school.     
However, the Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) — which provides close to 1,000 buses to 95 schools — has refused to change its schedule to pick up students in the evening. “We will provide buses in the morning but 5pm is peak office hour.
Tribal students from Maoist-hit Dantewada to interact live with Modi
The general public will be inconvenienced if we divert buses to schools,” said a DTC spokesperson.
“We have, therefore, requested parents to pick up their children,” said Anuradha Joshi, principal, Sardar Patel Vidyalaya.  Other schools, like Tagore International, have hired private buses.
  No in-service training, teachers stuck in time warp
Similar arrangements have been made by NCR schools, though they have not made attendance mandatory like in Delhi.
Bal Bharati Public School in Noida is closed on Friday as exams start Saturday. But it has asked students to catch Modi’s speech at home as they will be tested on it the next day.
“All five main papers will have a question each on the PM’s address carrying two marks each,” said a school circular.
“Many parents came to us with concerns about transportation. After consulting them and our officials, we have decided to take the day off.
But students will have to listen to the speech carefully as we will include questions in the exam,” said principal Asha Prabhakar.
“We have anticipated what the PM’s speech will be about and prepared a questionnaire. Students will be required to fill it in,” added Kamini Bhasin, principal of DPS Noida “Though we have not made attendance mandatory, we have told parents to make sure their children watch the speech,” she added.

Nithari killer Surinder Koli to be hanged on September 12Comments
Nithari serial killer Surinder Koli,who has been sentenced to death for the brutal killing of a 14-year-old girl, will be hanged in Meerut on September 12, jail superintendent SHM Rizvi said on Thursday.
"The hanging will be carried out on September 12...all the rules and procedures will be followed", he told reporters.
A warrant was issued on Wednesday by Ghaziabad's additional sessions judge Atul Kumar Gupta in the name of 42-year-old Koli that he should be hanged to death after the convict exhausted all his legal remedies in this case.
Koli, lodged in a jail in Ghaziabad, has been sentenced to death in connection with the killing of Rimpa Halder and in four other cases.
This will be the first execution of a death sentence convict under the new NDA government.
Union home minister Rajnath Singh had earlier recommended to President Pranab Mukherjee that Koli's mercy plea be rejected, barely a month after he had taken over as the minister.
The President rejected the mercy petition on July 27, paving the way for the judicial process to commence for hanging of Koli.
There are 11 cases of murder pending against Koli. CBI had filed charge sheet against him in 16 cases where he had allegedly killed children after sexually abusing them.
The Rimpa Halder case came to light in December, 2006 when a girl who went missing was found murdered later by Koli.
Investigations into the case led the probe team into more gruesome murders of children and their skeletal remains were recovered from a drain adjacent to the house where Koli was working as a domestic servant in Nithari locality of Noida, Uttar Pradesh.
Koli was awarded death sentence by a lower court, which was upheld by the Allahabad high court and confirmed by the Supreme Court on February 15, 2011 for the murder of Rimpa Halder in 2005.
Holding that Koli "appears to be the serial killer", the court had said "No mercy can be shown to him."  
A total of 16 cases were registered against Koli. His employer Moninder Singh Pandher, who was also sentenced to death in Rimpa Halder case, was acquitted by the Allahabad High Court.
Out of 16 cases filed against Koli, he has been awarded death sentence in five of them so far and others are still under trial.

Euro pummelled after ECB cuts ratesLast updated: September 4, 2014 9:22 pm
Euro pummelled after ECB cuts rates
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3ca73498-33e5-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Al Qaeda Announces New WingAl Qaeda Announces India Wing
Reuters
reddit
DUBAI, Sept 3 (Reuters) - Al Qaeda leader Ayman al Zawahri on Wednesday announced the formation of an Indian branch of his militant group he said would spread Islamic rule and "raise the flag of jihad" across the subcontinent.
In a 55-minute video posted online, Zawahri also renewed a longstanding vow of loyalty to Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Omar, in an apparent snub to the Islamic State armed group challenging al Qaeda for leadership of transnational Islamist militancy.
Zawahri described the formation of "Al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent" as a glad tidings for Muslims "in Burma, Bangladesh, Assam, Gujurat, Ahmedabad, and Kashmir" and said the new wing would rescue Muslims there from injustice and oppression.
Counter-terrorism experts say al Qaeda's aging leaders are struggling to compete for recruits with Islamic State, which has galvanized young followers around the world by carving out tracts of territory across the Iraq-Syria border.
Islamic State leader Abu Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi calls himself a "caliph" or head of state and has demanded the loyalty of all Muslims.
The group fell out with Zawahri in 2013 over its expansion into Syria, where Baghdadi's followers have carried out beheadings, crucifixions, and mass executions.
As well being an indirect repudiation of Islamic State, the announcement could pose a challenge to India's new prime minister, Narendra Modi. He has already faced criticism for remaining silent about several incidents deemed anti-Muslim, underscoring fears that his Hindu nationalist followers will upset religious relations in the majority Hindi nation.
However, while al Qaeda is very much at home in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border area, due to influential contacts and a long presence there, it is a minnow compared to local militant groups in terms of manpower and regional knowledge.
SAFE HAVEN
Over the years Zawahri and his predecessor Osama bin Laden, killed by U.S. forces in 2011, repeatedly pledged allegiance to Mullah Omar, in return for the safe haven he granted their followers in Afghanistan.
The statement did not mention Islamic State or Baghdadi, but it appear to take a subtle dig at the group's efforts at administering areas it has seized in Iraq and Syria.
Islamic State's effort at state-building is something never attempted by al Qaeda's central leaders, who traditionally have preferred to plot complex attacks on targets in the West.
Zawahri called for unity among militants and criticized "discord" - echoing a common al Qaeda complaint against Islamic State's record of clashing with rival Islamist groups in Syria.
The statement also warned al Qaeda's new wing against oppressing local populations - another complaint leveled against Islamic State by critics in Iraq and Syria.
"If you said that you are doing jihad to defend the sanctities of the Muslims, then you must not transgress against them or their money or honor, and not even transgress your mujahideen brothers by word and action," he said.
"Discord is a curse and torment, and disgrace for the believers and glory for the disbelievers," he said. "If you say that by your jihad you do not want but the pleasure of Allah, then you must not race for governance and leadership at the first opportunity."
Muslims account for 15 percent of Indians but, numbering an estimated 175 million, theirs is the third-largest Muslim population in the world.
Centuries of rule by medieval Muslim invaders drove a wedge between Hindus and Muslims. Tensions have grown since Pakistan was carved from Muslim-majority areas of India in 1947, a violent partition in which hundreds of thousands were killed. In the era of Washington's "war on terror", some Indian Muslims have begun to sympathize more with hardline pan-Islamic groups and causes. (Editing by Alison Williams)
More:

BP extends Infosys contract by 5 yearsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Latest American doctor infected with Ebola heading to Nebraska for treatmentBy Elahe Izadi September 4 Follow @ElaheIzadi
The latest American doctor to be infected with the deadly Ebola virus is being flown to the U.S. for treatment at the Nebraska Medical Center in Ohama.
Richard Sacra, a missionary doctor with SIM, is expected to arrive Friday, according to a statement from SIM USA.
As The Washington Post reported Wednesday , SIM USA officials said Sacra has been in good spirits and is regularly communicating with his wife, Debbie, via e-mail and phone. She said during a Thursday news conference that the doctor who had put her husband on the plane said he is clearly sick, "but he is in very good spirits, and he walked onto the plane. We are really encouraged by that news and looking forward to reuniting with him."
During a news conference early Thursday evening from University of Massachusetts Medical School, Debbie Sacra said that "when left at the beginning of August, we understood that there was a risk he could become sick with this deadly virus, but I knew he needed to go and be with the Liberian people who needed a hospital to open."
Debbie Sacra also relayed her husband's words: "The need of West Africa is desperate and there are resources that can be deployed to make sure that all health- care workers have enough gloves, and gowns ... to protect themselves from hospital-Ebola exposure."
1 of 23

Myntra eyes Diwali bounty with exclusive tie-ups  3 private brandsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Investors shift away from debt productsNeelasri Barman |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:29 AM IST
Investors shift away from debt products
Equities will do better in coming months as corporate earnings are improving & reforms are going ahead
With the stock markets soaring high, the attraction for retail investors of public issues in corporate bonds and debt mutual funds (MFs) is seen as reducing. Companies are coming up with Initial Public Offerings (IPOs), while fund houses are back to launching equity New Fund Offers (NFOs).
Data also shows IPOs getting subscribed multiple times and inflows in equity MFs. Income funds, which primarily invest in bonds, are seeing outflows.
“Equities will do better than debt as they are better placed. Even in the long term, they do better. On a 10-year cumulative basis, there is a difference of 6-10 per cent in the returns. Whenever markets improve, more investors gets attracted to equities. We are seeing that retail investors are moving from fixed income to equities gradually,” said Anand Rathi, chairman, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
He says equities will do better in the coming months as corporate earnings are improving, reforms are going ahead and expectations of the government are improving. “All these factors add to the attraction towards the equities market,” he added.
Since the start of this financial year (April), the BSE Sensex has gained 28.3 per cent and the National Stock Exchange's Nifty has gained 29 per cent. The recent IPO of Snowman Logistics was subscribed 59.75 times.
“The returns in bonds are much less than the returns investors can get in equities these days. In fact, even if investors decide to buy tax-free bonds, a big hit last year, the returns will not be much,” said Arvind Konar, head of fixed income, Almondz Global Securities. Tax-free bonds can be bought from the secondary market.
Data from the Association of Mutual Funds in India shows net inflows of Rs 10,815 crore in equity MFs in July, compared to outflows of Rs 10,080 crore in income funds and a meagre Rs 110 crore into gilt funds. “We are seeing shifts happening in the retail side from fixed income funds to equities,” said Dwijendra Srivastava, chief investment officer (debt) at Sundaram MF.
So far this year, fund houses have launched 33 NFOs in the equity category, the highest since 2008, when 41 new offers had been made.
On public issues of bonds, data from the Securities and Exchange Board of India show that in the current financial year, Rs 3,909 crore has been mobilised. Typically, most issuances hit the streets in the second half of every financial year. In 2013-14, companies had raised Rs 42,383 crore through public issue of bonds. This includes the amount mobilised through tax-free bonds, a highly successful investment avenue last year. They aren’t there this year.
Data from Value Research shows the one-year returns of equity MFs are much better than debt funds. Still, experts say, a certain class of investors will stick to fixed income products, as their risk appetites are less.
 Advertisements

Obamacare site hackedObamacare site hacked but nothing taken, HHS says
By Jose Pagliery   @Jose_Pagliery September 5, 2014: 7:17 AM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Hackers silently infected a Healthcare.gov computer server this summer. But the malware didn't manage to steal anyone's data, federal officials say.
On Thursday, the Health and Human Services Department, which manages the Obamacare website, explained what happened. And officials stressed that personal information was never at risk.
"Our review indicates that the server did not contain consumer personal information; data was not transmitted outside the agency, and the website was not specifically targeted," HHS spokesman Kevin Griffis said.
But it was a close call, showing just how vulnerable computer systems can be.
It all happened because of a series of mistakes.
A computer server that routinely tests portions of the website wasn't properly set up. It was never supposed to be connected to the Internet -- but someone had accidentally connected it anyway.
That left it open to attack, and on July 8, malware slipped past the Obamacare security system, officials said.
Related story: Welcome to the Age of Hacks
As health department officials describe it, the malware was run-of-the-mill, low-level hacker stuff. It wasn't even designed to steal patient data. It was actually malware meant to turn the computer server into a zombie machine, part of a robot network, or botnet, to spews out spam or computer viruses to the rest of us.
It wasn't the military-grade cyberweapons typically aimed at U.S. systems by hackers in China and Russia.
But federal officials said the malware didn't do any damage. It just lay there dormant, quiet and dumb.
That's one reason it wasn't found until weeks later. The website's security team conducts daily reviews, but the malware wasn't spotted until Aug. 25.
 
Here's what the cloud actually looks like
The computer server was quickly disconnected and decommissioned. The FBI and Department of Homeland Security are now investigating, HHS said. Federal officials say the attack came from several Internet addresses, some overseas.
HHS officials on Thursday briefed Congressional staff about the episode and assured the department has taken "measures to further strengthen security."
This is the first discovery of its kind. Last year, computer researchers found a security hole found in Obamacare website . But that has since been patched.
First Published: September 4, 2014: 5:17 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Fruit  veggies to get cheaper in DelhiBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:48 AM IST
Fruit, veggies to get cheaper in Delhi
With these out of the APMC Act, govt can buy directly from farmers, sell at prices lower than market rates
After taking fruit and vegetables out of the ambit of the Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee Act (APMC) in the national capital, the government is planning to purchase these commodities directly from farmers and sell these to consumers at prices lower than market rates.
Last month, authorities here began selling onions and potatoes purchased directly from farmers. The sales are being carried out by farmer-producer organisations, under the guidance of the Small Farmers’ Agri-Business Consortium (SFAC).
Officials said onions and potatoes were being brought from villages in Himachal Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh and sold at half the market rates to consumers. It has been planned other vegetables and fruit will also be purchased directly from farmers.
DIRECT FROM THE FIELD
Last month, authorities bought onions and potatoes directly from farmers from villages in Himachal Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh and sold at half the market rates to consumers
Now, the government is planning to purchase other vegetables and fruit directly from farmers
On July 19, the Delhi government had de-listed fruits and vegetables from the APMC Act
The move is aimed at helping farmers sell their produce directly to consumers
“This is a sort of soft-launch of our initiative to allow farmers sell their produce directly to consumers. A full-fledged kisan-mandi is expected to be started in the capital by November,” said Pravesh Sharma, managing director of SFAC.
On July 19, the Delhi government had de-listed fruits and vegetables from the APMC Act. It said any objection to the move would have to be stated within 45 days; the deadline expired on Tuesday. Consequently, the regulation on the movement of fruit and vegetables, in place for markets other than the three major ones — Azadpur, Okhla and Keshopur — ceased.
Freeing fruits and vegetables from the ambit of mandis is expected to lower transaction costs and help consumers get the final produce at lower rates. Also, it enables bulk purchases by food processors.
According to unofficial estimates, commissions earned by agents, also called artiyas, stand at two-five per cent of retail prices. Other taxes such as mandi tax, octroi, value-added tax, sales tax and inter-state movement charges account for 10-12 per cent of the retail price. In the Azadpur market here, among the largest wholesale markets in India, agent commissions stand at about six per cent of retail prices.
 Advertisements

BJP  Shiv Sena patch up as Amit Shah meets Uddhav ThackerayApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Tata Value Homes sells 85 flats on Snapdeal within aweekPrint
New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 5:44 am
E-commerce is no longer limited to apparels, gadgets and white goods — consumers are even buying houses over the internet. Tata Value Homes, a subsidiary of Tata Housing Development Company, for instance, sold about 85 flats on Snapdeal within a week of putting some of its projects online. Buyers from cities such as Pune, Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Mumbai and Chennai bought flats priced between Rs 18 lakh and Rs 70 lakh, generating over Rs 40 crore in sales via Snapdeal.
Speaking with FE, Kunal Bahl, co-founder and chief executive, Snapdeal, said, “We are always on the lookout for categories that help in drawing consumers’ attention. We were pleasantly surprised by the interest this initiative generated.”
According to a recent study released by Google, the online realty market is valued at $43 billion in India, with about 72% buying decisions influenced by the internet.
Last month, Snapdeal joined hands with Tata Value Homes to foray into the real estate category. As part of the partnership, about 1,000 houses in seven projects, located in Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, and Ahmedabad, were put up for sale on the portal. From 1 BHK to 3 BHK, these flats were priced between Rs 18 lakh and Rs 70 lakh.
Bahl says the section generated interest from day one. “On the very first day, that is, August 28, it generated 1,000 registrations, which further increased on the second day,” added Bahl.
In its bid to woo buyers on Snapdeal, Tata Value Homes introduced an offer — upon possession, customers will get Rs 10,000 per month for a year as assured rent. Moreover customers were able to book a unit with a booking amount of Rs 30,000.
For Tata Housing, it was the experience of selling over 50 flats for over Rs 25 crore during the four-day Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) organised by Google last year that make the real estate company take the plunge. It has since then sold over 600 houses through its own website.
“It has been a great experience so far. Even as we continue to sell homes via our own site, the idea of partnering Snapdeal was to reach out to more consumers,” said Pawan Sarda, head marketing and product development, Tata Value Homes.
Snapdeal, which recently crossed the 1-billion sales mark, currently has 25 million subscribers. It sells products and services to consumers in 5,000 cities and towns.

BP extends Infosys contract by 5yearsPrint
Bangalore | Posted: September 5, 2014 5:39 am
Infosys, India’s second-largest IT services exporter, has strengthened its relationship with BP by extending its agreement with the global oil major by another five years. Infosys, now driven by new CEO Vishal Sikka, has been selected by BP to provide IT services, in particular application support and development. Infosys did not provide the financial details of the deal. In August, the company had announced a multi-year agreement with global auto major Daimler AG.
Infosys and BP share a decade-long partnership, and the new deal will provide IT services to the oil major in areas of corporate function, upstream and downstream segments, energy trading and marketing. The agreement’s geographical scope includes BP’s main facilities in Houston, Texas, and in the UK, as well as support in locations as diverse as Azerbaijan, Angola, Brazil and Singapore.
Infosys provides a range of services, including application maintenance for a number of BP’s most critical IT systems and consultancy services for BP. “Our agile and innovative application development programmes have grown significantly in recent years,” Infosys said. Commenting on the deal, Rajesh K Murthy, executive vice-president and global head, energy, communications and services, Infosys, said, “Winning this contract demonstrates how we have evolved as a supplier and continue to work collaboratively with BP across their range of activities.”
BP falls in the energy & utilities vertical at Infosys, a segment that accounted for 5.1% of its revenues at the end of first quarter of FY15. The services provided by the IT major come within the ambit of application development and maintenance, which accounts for 35% of its revenue.
The IT major said that central to these services will be its continued investment in the Infosys Information Systems and Technology University. According to Infosys, this academy, located in Bangalore and Mysore, trains its employees to work with BP and serve the development and maintenance of applications. The university courses address various domain areas in oil and gas and are delivered through classroom and online media. “The training institute is unique for BP,” it added.
BP has been a significant provider of IT contracts to India’s tech sector. In 2009, it had come out with a billion-dollar outsourcing deal split between Infosys, Wipro and TCS. During this period, Wipro had managed to get an entry into this account.

Myntra eyes Diwali bounty with exclusive tie-ups  3 privatebrandsMyntra will collaborate with 20 brands to launch some of their products exclusively on its platform.
Bangalore | Posted: September 5, 2014 5:32 am
With an eye on achieving $1-billion gross merchandise value in 2016, online fashion store Myntra will collaborate with around 20 brands to launch some of their products exclusively on its platform by the first week of October. It has tied up with brands like Puma, Vero Moda, Jack and Jones, Biba, Lee and Wrangler, among others, to launch over 1,000 styles, which is likely to give Myntra a timely boost during the ensuing festive season.
Having been acquired by online marketplace Flipkart at a valuation of $350-370 million, besides a promise of infusion of another $100 million, Myntra will add three more private brands to its kitty of eight before Diwali. The fashion e-tailer will also launch brands like New Look and Antony Morato by the end of September, in line with its aim to launch a new brand every fortnight.
“We are launching three private brands around Diwali, one in the formal category, one in kidswear and the other a licensed brand. We will continue to grow our private brands as they are important both from a differentiation point and also profitability aspect. They account for a fifth of our revenues,” Ganesh Subramanian, COO, Myntra, told FE.
Subramanian said Myntra will also focus on augmenting its technology capabilities, especially in the data analytics space. The e-tailer has formed a team of data scientists to closely monitor user engagement with products and the site as a whole, to streamline its product recommendation engine. Besides, mobile will be another area of focus. At present, Myntra generates around 40% of its orders from its mobile app and expects the figure to surge to over 60% by the end of the year.
“We are building a good team of data scientists, who see data in various forms. This will help us provide relevant recommendations to customers. Our marketing team can also use this data. It’s a long journey and we are just 1% there,” Subramanian said.
According to a report by Accel Partners, one of the investors in Flipkart, the online fashion, footwear and accessories market in India was valued at $559 million in 2013 and is projected to reach $2.8 billion by 2016, growing at a CAGR of 71%.
Myntra is also looking to bring down discounts, which has been a norm with e-tailers. In fact, some e-tailers like Flipkart and Snapdeal have been accused of predatory pricing by brick and mortar retailers, especially in the electronics segment. Even electronics manufacturers like Asus and Lenovo have warned buyers against purchasing from Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon, saying they were not the authorised resellers of their products.
“Discounts have been going down for Myntra. Yes, discounts online are higher than one would wish, but every quarter it will come down. It has already dropped by three-four percentage points,” Subramanian continued…

Maruti Suzuki shows a yen for currency stability with switch to rupeeroyaltyMaruti Suzuki India will pay royalty to parent Suzuki Motor (SMC) in rupees instead of yen.
New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 5:26 am
Maruti Suzuki India will pay royalty to parent Suzuki Motor (SMC) in rupees instead of yen, thus shifting the risk of foreign exchange fluctuations to the parent firm, chairman RC Bhargava told shareholders at the annual general meeting on Thursday.
However, this change would not lead to any immediate gain for Maruti as this new arrangement would kick in only once the company signs a new product agreement for future launches. Right now the launches, like its mid-size sedan Ciaz which would hit the roads sometime next month or any further launches already planned and lined up would continue to be governed by the current agreement where forex risk would continue to lie with Maruti. According to a company official the new arrangement may kick in from FY19.
Click here for graph
“On all future models the royalty will be expressed in rupees… and not (in) the yen so that we are not exposed to the variation in the exchange rate which has been happening in the past,” Bhargava said.
Maruti, in which Japan’s SMC holds 56% stake, pays royalty on a per-car basis in yen for use of technical know-how and use of the parent’s brand name. During FY14 the company paid a royalty of R2,486 crore or around 6% of its net sales.
Illustrating how the new arrangement when it comes into force would help the firm, a company official said that currently royalty is paid on a per-car basis in yen, which would change to rupee. Earlier, if the royalty was like 100 yen per car and the rupee became weaker, Maruti paid more in rupee terms. Now, the payment will remain constant, so for example if royalty is at R100 per car, and the rupee becomes weaker, SMC will earn less.
Bhargava also said that with Maruti enhancing its research and development capabilities future royalty payouts would decrease. “More and more R&D work will be done in India and royalty calculation would be based on work done here and our expenditures on R&D will be rewarded in the form of reduced royalty,” he said.
On the Gujarat plant, Bhargava said that the plant would be commissioned in 2017 and urged shareholders to exercise their franchise favourably in the voting that is to take place sometime next month to let Suzuki own and invest at the facility.
The new plant in Gujarat would be owned by Suzuki, which would manufacture the vehicles and provide them to Maruti at no cost, with no mark-up on account of return on capital employed. The Gujarat company would not sell cars to anyone else anywhere, it would not make any profit or loss or accumulate any surplus. It would be Maruti which would realise all the profits arising from the production in Gujarat, Bhargava continued…

Brzezinski: NATO Should Stop Putin From Restoring Czarist EmpireNATO Should Stop Putin From Restoring Czarist Empire, Zbigniew Brzezinski Says
The WorldPost  | By                                                                Nathan Gardels
Posted:
Updated:
09/03/2014  6:59 pm EDT
A  picture taken on November 14, 2011, shows a Russian flag flying near the domes and crosses of Church of the Nativity in the Moscow Kremlin.  AFP PHOTO / KIRILL KUDRYAVTSEV (Photo credit should read KIRILL KUDRYAVTSEV/AFP/Getty Images) | KIRILL KUDRYAVTSEV via Getty Images
reddit
Zbigniew Brzezinski, who served as national security adviser to President Jimmy Carter, remains one of America’s top strategic thinkers going back to the days of the Cold War. He spoke with WorldPost editor Nathan Gardels on Monday evening about the NATO Summit in Wales.
WorldPost: In light of the Ukraine crisis, NATO allies at the summit in Wales will announce a new rapid deployment force of 4,000 troops to respond to any threat to one of its members on the Russian periphery. Along with sanctions, it that enough to deter Putin?
Zbigniew Brzezinski: That depends on how the situation itself in Ukraine gets resolved. If deployment of potential forces in the Baltic states enhances their security in the immediate term, their security will still be in question over the next months if the Ukrainian issue is resolved in a fashion that makes Putin the victor and the democratic forces in Ukraine the losers and victims.
That, in turn, will raise the issue of how safe all the other countries around Russia’s rim will be in the longer term, particularly the Baltic states.
WorldPost: How do you define “resolved in a fashion that makes Putin the victor?"
Brzezinski: What Putin is striving to do is create so much hardship and so much disorder in Ukraine that, eventually, the Ukrainian government will collapse and some thuggish elements backed by Putin can assume power and abandon the effort to take Ukraine into the democratic West. Those in power would then join Putin on the march to create a Eurasian Union. That Eurasian Union is nothing but a new name for the former Soviet Union, or for the former Czarist Empire.
WorldPost: How would you define a democratic outcome of the Ukraine crisis?
Brzezinski: Eventually, some sort of accommodation in which Ukraine moves toward a deeper involvement with Europe -- but does not seek to join NATO -- while still keeping an economic relationship with Russia. That would benefit both Ukraine and Russia as normal trade and commerce can be restored.
WorldPost: Should NATO provide arms directly to Ukraine?
Brzezinski: If it does not, it signals to Putin that he can militarily escalate as he
wishes in order to destabilize Ukraine altogether.
WorldPost: Do you assign any validity to the present view of liberal reformers of the Gorbachev era -– including Gorbachev himself –- who feel “betrayed,” as Gorbachev told me, by NATO expansion to Russia’s border? This was not the “new thinking” he agreed to with the West at the end of the Cold War, he said, but a return to “sphere of influence thinking.”
That is why Gorbachev and others like him support Putin’s pushback in Ukraine.
Brzezinski: It is quite conceivable that they sincerely think this is a correct version of what was discussed at the end of the Cold War, and thus a legitimate case for them to make.
But you have to ask yourself, “What was the desire of the people who, after more than 40 years of Soviet oppression, became free?” They didn’t want to be pawns between a residual West that ended somewhere on the borders of the old West Germany and a resurgent Russia. They wanted to be part of the democratic West and, eventually, of the European Union.
Those are perfectly legitimate aspirations. This is no threat to Russia –- except to those Russians who cannot conceive of Russia as anything else but a dominant empire that rules not only over the Russian people but over those adjoining Russian territory.
WorldPost: As justified as sanctions or even military action by NATO against Russian forces might be, isn’t the effect to drive Russia and China together into an anti-Western bloc?
Wouldn’t it be wise for the U.S. to “re-open to China,” so to speak -- as Nixon did in Soviet times --  in order to drive a wedge into this bloc before it consolidates?
Brzezinski: First of all, we are not in a position to manipulate Chinese policy. However, I do not support the argument that what is happening is creating a more solid Chinese-Russian relationship.
I think the Chinese are watching very carefully what is happening. They did not support Russia in the United Nations when there was a crucial vote on Russian misconduct. They are, at the same time, quietly increasing their influence over Central Asia and do not support the incorporation of countries like Kazakhstan into a new union with Russia.
The Chinese are playing a clever game and benefiting from Russia’s crisis with the West. They struck a fantastic deal with the Russians on energy because the Russians had no choice but to submit to their terms.
WorldPost: So any Russians who believe that China will somehow ally with them against the West are deluded?
Brzezinski: Yes, they are whistling in the dark. Russia is so weakening itself that one consequence will be that it will become a satellite of the Chinese! And that will benefit the West.
The Chinese leadership is rational and calculating. The Russian leadership under Putin is irrational, emotional, erratic and dangerous.
Related on HuffPost:

One in five power units out of service as outages ruleApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Tata Comm s Baweja to join Flipkart as CFOTata Communication's Sanjay Baweja to join Flipkart as CFO
Radhika P Nair, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 05.51AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Flipkart is set to get…)
BANGALORE: Online retail firm Flipkart is set to get a new chief financial officer after a hunt of more than a year. Sanjay Baweja , chief financial officer at Tata Communications, is expected to join the company in the next few weeks.
"They (Flipkart) have been looking for a suitable person from the FMCG sector for quite some time now and have finally identified Sanjay as their candidate," said a person who has direct knowledge of the offer. The company, the person said, has offered a salary of Rs 4 crore.
There is also a milestone-linked bonus component, apart from employee stock options. When contacted, Flipkart said it "will not be able to comment on market speculations".
Baweja, who has about three decades of experience in finance, joined Tata Communications as its CFO in 2009. He has previously worked at Emaar MGF Land Limited, Bharati Airtel and Xerox ModiCorp . Baweja could not be reached for comment.
The appointment comes at a critical juncture for Flipkart.
"There are government regulatory and compliance issues that Flipkart's CFO will have to deal with especially considering the acquisitions the company has made and is planning to make," said a person who works with the company in an advisory capacity.
The company recently made a strategic investment in mobile payment company nGpay and in May acquired online fashion portal Myntra . The company is looking to make more acquisitions in areas ranging from mobile to fashion technology.
"Also, a lot of internal systems and processes need to be standardised to make the company more attractive for further fund-raising that could be in the form of an IPO or private equity investment," said the person, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Flipkart raised $1 billion (about Rs 6,000 crore) in funding in July and before that it raised $210 million (over Rs 1,200 crore) in May. All this was done without a full-time CFO on its rolls. Last February, then CFO Karandeep Singh quit Flipkart soon after reports surfaced of an Enforcement Directorate raid at the company. Singh, who is now finance director at Tesco , and Flipkart said he quit for personal reasons.
Kalyan Krishnamurthy, director, finance, portfolio companies, at Flipkart investor Tiger Global, took over as interim CFO.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty seen opening flat; have support at 8060Dow Jones
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open flat on Friday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets . Tracking the momentum, the index may head lower but has a strong support around 8,060 levels.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 5 points lower at 8,130 indicating flat-to-negative negative opening on the domestic market.
After six continuous positive days Nifty ended the day with a loss of 18 points at 8095 on Thursday. The index witnessed some bit of profit booking however Nifty respected the support of 8060.
"Intraday support levels are placed at 8060 and 8030 where resistance levels are placed at 8140 - 8170. In the immediate term the level of 7965 is now an important support to watch out for in the next few sessions," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"A breach of the same would induce further profit taking. On the higher side the present upside may now stretch till 8170 to 8235 if we do not witness an immediate reversal from present levels which takes the Nifty down below 7965," added the report.
The entire upside since June till September '2014 have been on the back of lower volumes and negative divergence on the weekly chart, thus analysts' continue to advocate caution at present levels and recommend profit booking.
Overnight, U.S. stocks ended down retreating from intraday records for the S&P and Dow, as a decline in energy shares sapped an earlier rally following the European Central Bank's new stimulus measures.
Analysts attributed the late-day pullback to nervousness ahead of Friday's key U.S. jobs data. Expectations are for payroll growth of 225,000 in August, according to a Reuters poll.
The Dow and S&P 500 had touched record intraday highs after the ECB's surprise move, with the benchmark index hitting a high of 2,011.17 earlier in the session, Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 8.7 points, or 0.05 per cent, to 17,069.58. The S&P 500 was down 3.07 points, or 0.15 per cent, to end at 1,997.65. The Nasdaq Composite lost 10.28 points, or 0.22 per cent, to 4,562.29.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.23 per cent higher at 15,711 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.18 per cent lower at 25,253.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.20 per cent lower at 2,052 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.44 per cent higher at 2,317.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bus washed away  45 feared killed inJ&KPeople being evacuated in boats, in Srinagar on Thursday. (Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Express News Service | Srinagar/jammu | Posted: September 5, 2014 8:59 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 9:13 am
Nearly 45 people, mostly women and children, who were a part of a marriage party, were feared killed as the bus in which they were travelling washed away in flash floods at Jamerhi Nullah in Laam area of Rajouri district Thursday morning.
J&K Finance Minister Abdul Rahim Rather said, “At Rajouri, a bus carrying 50 people of a marriage party was washed away by water currents. Only three people have been rescued, while 45 people are feared dead. So far we have failed to recover any body or missing people,” he said.
However, Jammu divisional commissioner Shantmanu said nearly 60-70 people were reportedly travelling in the bus. Eye witnesses told The Indian Express over the phone that two 52-seater buses carrying the marriage party had left Raipur Qamila for Laam. At Jamerhi nullah, water was flowing over the small bridge. While the first bus crossed the bridge safely, the second one was washed by strong water currents. Some of the locals rescued three people. Bus driver Lovely was among those feared dead.
The Centre has also dispatched National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) teams to the spot to find survivors.
J&K is witnessing worst ever floods in the past two decades and 65 people are feared dead and hundreds injured over the last 24 hours.
More than 200 people have been rescued by the police and Army rescue teams at different places in the state. The government has put the Indian Air Force on alert for aerial rescue evacuation operation in the affected areas.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh spoke to Chief Minister Omar Abdullah who briefed him about the flood situation in the state. Due to the floods, the Union Home Minister who was scheduled to visit the state on Friday has reportedly deferred his visit.
The national highways connecting Srinagar-Jammu, Srinagar-Ladakh and Batote-Doda were reportedly closed after the rainfall triggered landslides. MET officials have predicted more rain in the next 24 hours and said this is the highest rainfall recorded in the state since 1992.
On the city outskirts, many residential areas got submerged and authorities launched rescue operation at various places to evacuate people. Some portion of Army’s 15 Corps headquarters located on the banks of river Jhelum was also inundated and soldiers were seen shifting equipment to safer locations. Even the CM’s cavalcade was stuck in flood water near the Army headquarters while he was touring flood-affected areas of the city. Jhelum was was flowing 9 feet above danger mark at Sangam in South Kashmir.
The government has already sounded red alert across the Valley and set up round the clock control rooms. Due to floods, the Haj flights have also been postponed.

Bus washed away  45 feared killedPeople being evacuated in boats, in Srinagar on Thursday. (Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Express News Service | Srinagar/jammu | Posted: September 5, 2014 8:59 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 9:13 am
Nearly 45 people, mostly women and children, who were a part of a marriage party, were feared killed as the bus in which they were travelling washed away in flash floods at Jamerhi Nullah in Laam area of Rajouri district Thursday morning.
J&K Finance Minister Abdul Rahim Rather said, “At Rajouri, a bus carrying 50 people of a marriage party was washed away by water currents. Only three people have been rescued, while 45 people are feared dead. So far we have failed to recover any body or missing people,” he said.
However, Jammu divisional commissioner Shantmanu said nearly 60-70 people were reportedly travelling in the bus. Eye witnesses told The Indian Express over the phone that two 52-seater buses carrying the marriage party had left Raipur Qamila for Laam. At Jamerhi nullah, water was flowing over the small bridge. While the first bus crossed the bridge safely, the second one was washed by strong water currents. Some of the locals rescued three people. Bus driver Lovely was among those feared dead.
The Centre has also dispatched National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) teams to the spot to find survivors.
J&K is witnessing worst ever floods in the past two decades and 65 people are feared dead and hundreds injured over the last 24 hours.
More than 200 people have been rescued by the police and Army rescue teams at different places in the state. The government has put the Indian Air Force on alert for aerial rescue evacuation operation in the affected areas.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh spoke to Chief Minister Omar Abdullah who briefed him about the flood situation in the state. Due to the floods, the Union Home Minister who was scheduled to visit the state on Friday has reportedly deferred his visit.
The national highways connecting Srinagar-Jammu, Srinagar-Ladakh and Batote-Doda were reportedly closed after the rainfall triggered landslides. MET officials have predicted more rain in the next 24 hours and said this is the highest rainfall recorded in the state since 1992.
On the city outskirts, many residential areas got submerged and authorities launched rescue operation at various places to evacuate people. Some portion of Army’s 15 Corps headquarters located on the banks of river Jhelum was also inundated and soldiers were seen shifting equipment to safer locations. Even the CM’s cavalcade was stuck in flood water near the Army headquarters while he was touring flood-affected areas of the city. Jhelum was was flowing 9 feet above danger mark at Sangam in South Kashmir.
The government has already sounded red alert across the Valley and set up round the clock control rooms. Due to floods, the Haj flights have also been postponed.

 Asian Shares Mixed  Euro Slumps on ECB MovesYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Mixed, Euro Slumps on ECB Moves
Reuters | Updated On: September 05, 2014 07:41 (IST)
Wockhardt Shares Gain on Unit Merger Plan
The euro was deep under water on Friday having suffered its steepest daily fall in three years after the European Central Bank stunned markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
The aggressive shift sent short-term bond yields into negative territory in Germany, France, the Netherlands and Austria, giving investors an overwhelming incentive to sell euros for higher yielding assets elsewhere.
That stood in stark contrast to the United States where upbeat data only reinforced the case for the Federal Reserve to wind down its stimulus, driving the dollar higher and sideswiping oil and gold in the process.
Stock prices in Europe climbed to new records in response, though Wall Street succumbed to a bout of jitters ahead of the US payrolls report due later on Friday.
The Dow fell 0.05 per cent, the S&P 500 0.15 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.22 per cent.
In Asia, Tokyo's Topix added 0.44 per cent to be within a whisker of its January peak. A break there would take it to levels last seen in July 2008.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was off 0.2 per cent having already reached its highest since early 2008.
The euro was licking its wounds at $1.2937, after hitting a 14-month low of $1.2920 overnight and seemed destined to test the July 2013 trough of $1.2898.
It hit a one-month low on the yen at 135.97 and a 15-month trough on the Australian dollar at A$1.3798.
The collapse came after ECB President Mario Draghi announced a range of rate cuts and a new plan to push money into the flagging euro zone economy.
In a news conference, Draghi said the aim was to expand the bank's balance sheet back to the heights reached in early 2012, which equates to a rise of around 50 per cent or 1 trillion euros in new assets.
"The Governing Council will be pumping money into the economy while simultaneously penalizing European banks that do not spend it," Valentin Marinov, an analyst at CitiFX.
TURBO-CHARGED
"To the extent that at least some part of that money will head abroad, the turbo-charged easy money will likely invigorate euro-funded carry trades," said Marinov.
The already hugely popular carry trade is where investors borrow at low rates in say euros or yen, to buy higher yielding assets in other countries. The latter include Australia, Canada, New Zealand and a whole range of emerging market nations.
"We believe also that the longer-term impact of the measures would be to help unclog the lending channel of the Eurozone and stimulate domestic demand," added Marinov.
Spanish, French and Portuguese stocks all gained over a full percentage point, while Germany's DAX rose 1 percent. The FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares reached ground last visited in early 2008.
Shorter-dated euro zone debt rallied hard, pushing the yield gap between US and German two-year debt out to 60 basis points, the fattest premium since May 2007.
Across the Atlantic, data provided fresh evidence that the US economy is on track for sturdy growth in the third quarter. Companies hired workers at a steady clip in August and services sector activity accelerated to 6-1/2-year high.
That lifted yields on 10-year Treasuries US10YT=RR 4 basis points to 2.453 per cent, further supporting the dollar.
Investors are now keenly waiting for the latest read on the US labour market due later Friday. Analysts expect the pace of job creation to have picked up slightly in August, with a rise of 225,000 nonfarm payrolls.
With the US dollar flying, commodities had to cheapen to stay attractive and gold struck a three-month low at $1,256.90 an ounce.
Brent crude oil was pinned at $101.84 a barrel, after shedding more than a dollar overnight, while US crude CLc1 was stuck at $94.54.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Nifty could see another day of cautious tradingLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty could see another day of cautious trading
It could be another day of cautious trade for the Nifty something that we saw in yesterday’s trading session. Ekta Batra of CNBC-TV18 gives you details of what to expect from market on September 5.
Post your opinion here
 
It could be another day of cautious trade for the Nifty something that we saw in yesterday’s trading session. Ekta Batra of CNBC-TV18 gives you details of what to expect from market on September 5.
RELATED NEWS

Madhukar Sabnavis: Does anyone have it allMadhukar Sabnavis: Does anyone have it all
Liquidity to remain benign globally: Macquarie Sec s GibbsLiquidity to remain benign globally: Macquarie Sec s Gibbs
Teachers  Day: The PM Modi Period at 3 pm todayTeachers  Day: The PM Modi Period at 3 pm today
Nithari case: Surinder Koli to be hanged on Sept 12Nithari case: Surinder Koli to be hanged on Sept 12
Prime Gurgaon land worth Rs 40K cr sold to DLF for 1 750 crorePrime Gurgaon land worth Rs 40K cr sold to DLF for 1 750 crore
Japanese stocks near highest since mid-2008Japanese stocks near highest since mid-2008
Pre-market: Five stocks to watch outPre-market: Five stocks to watch out
Markets open higher; IT stocks leadSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 10:40 AM IST
Market trim early gains; Nifty holds 8,100
Infosys was among the top Nifty gainers after the order win from BP
Markets came off their day's highs after the first hour of trade as investors booked profits at higher levels. However, IT majors continued to trade firm after a large order win by Infosys.
At 10:40AM, the 30-share was up 28 points at 27,114 after hitting an intra-day high of 27,179 and the 50-share Nifty was up 9 points at 8,105 after touching a high of 8,123.
The rupee is trading at 60.39 compared to its previous close of 60.36. However, gains in the domestic share market may, however, limit a sharp fall in the rupee.
In the Sensex pack, Infosys was up 1%, after rising nearly 2% in early trades, following the order win from BP. Wipro and TCS were up 0.7-1% each.
L&T was up 1.2% following an order worth Rs 5100 Crore Supercritical Power Plant Order from MP State Utility.
Oil stocks firmed up with GAIL, Reliance Industries and ONGC were up 0.5-2% each.
Among other shares, JP Associates has extended losses for the second consecutive day and has dipped by over 10% at Rs 33.75 after Jaypee Infra Ventures sold over 13 million shares on the National Stock Exchange on Thursday. The stock has dropped nearly 30% in the last two sessions.
Union Bank of India has gained nearly 2% to Rs 215 after the company plans to raise Rs 1,386 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP) this financial year, its chairman and managing director Arun Tiwari said.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index was up 0.7% and the Small-cap index was up 1%.
The market breadth continued to remain strong with 1,473 gainers and 802 losers on the BSE.
___________________________________
(Updated at 9:35AM)
Markets continued to trade higher with the Nifty trading above 8,100 led by IT shares after a huge order win by Infosys.
9:35AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 69 points at 27,155 and 50-share Nifty was up 20 points at 8,116.
Meanwhile, foreign investors continued to remain buyers having bought stocks worth Rs 1,698 crore, as per provisional stock exchange data.
On the global front, Asian shares trimmed early gains. Japan's Nikkei and Shanghai Composite were trading 0.3% higher. However, Hang seng was down 0.4% and Singapore's Straits Times was trading lower by 0.5%.
US stocks ended lower on Thursday as profit taking in oil shares pared intra-day gains after the European Central Bank lowered its key policy rate. Further, US initial jobless claims rose to 302,000 last week, data showed.
The Dow Jones ended down 0.05% at 17,069.58, the broader S&P 500 closed 0.15% down at 1,997.65 and the tech-laden Nasdaq ended down 0.22% at 4,562.29.
Among the Sensex gainers, Infosys was up 1.5% after it signed a five-year group-wide IT outsourcing services contract with BP (formerly British Petroleum).
The Indian rupee was trading lower at Rs 60.43 compared to the previous close of Rs 60.36. On Thursday, the rupee had closed at one-month high of 60.36 paise, up 13 paise against the dollar on sustained selling of the US currency by exporters and some banks amid heavy capital inflows.
Infosys was up 2% at Rs 3790 on the BSE in the early morning trades after the company signed a five-year group-wide IT outsourcing services contract with BP (formerly British Petroleum). TCS and Wipro were up over 1.1% each.
Larsen & Toubro was up 1.7% after the engineering major won a Rs 5100 Crore Supercritical Power Plant Order from MP State Utility, 1320 MW Plant to be executed on EPC Basis Under Stringent Schedule
In the banking pack, ICICI Bank, SBI and Axis Bank were up 0.5-0.8% each.
Other Sensex gainers include, Sun Pharma, Tata Motors, Hindalco and Cipla among others.
HDFC was the top Sensex loser down 1.3% while ITC, Hero MotoCorp, Coal India and Tata Power were down on profit taking.
 
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were up over 0.7% each.
Market breadth was strong with 1,511 gainers and 413 losers on the BSE.
 Advertisements

Emkay freak trade: SAT order may force margin rules reviewAug 30, 2014, 01.53 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Emkay freak trade: SAT order may force margin rules review
Under the current system, brokers can execute trades even after 100 percent of their margin utilized, to ensure that large orders under execution are not stopped midway due to margin shortfall.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Emkay freak trade: SAT order may force margin rules review
Under the current system, brokers can execute trades even after 100 percent of their margin utilized, to ensure that large orders under execution are not stopped midway due to margin shortfall.
Post your opinion here
Santosh Nair
moneycontrol.com
Stock exchanges may have to review their rules on the collection of margins from trading members, as the probe into the freak trade by brokerage house Emkay Global in October 2012 has shown that some brokers had put in huge buy orders without depositing adequate margin money with the NSE.
Under the current system, brokers can execute trades even after 100 percent of their margin utilized, to ensure that large orders under execution are not stopped midway due to margin shortfall. After the trade is executed, the broker can deposit additional margin with the stock exchange, with a penalty. But the penalty amounts—Rs 5000 for the first violation and Rs 10,000 for the second—are a pittance compared to risks that the system can be subject to if the trades go awry.
On October 5, 2012, a dealer at Emkay Global erroneously punched in a sell order for 17 lakh Nifty units, instead of Rs 17 lakh worth of a Nifty basket of stocks. The order sent the Nifty crashing by 15 percent and trading was suspended for 15 minutes. Emkay Global tried to reverse the faulty trade by buying an equivalent number of Nifty units, but incurred a loss of Rs 51 crore as prices moved up sharply.
During the probe into the trade, it surfaced that two counterparties to the Emkay trade—Prakash K Shah and Inventure Growth—who gained the most from the freak trade, had put in buy orders way below the prevailing market rates an without margins to back the trade.
This aggravated the problem, because the Nifty index went into a free fall of 15 percent, instead of halting at 10 percent when the first index circuit breaker is triggered.
When the index hits the 10 percent limit on either sides, the circuit breaker is triggered, but trading does not immediately come to a halt. The system stops accepting fresh orders, but ones that have already been entered before the activation of the circuit breaker, gets activated. In this case, since counterparties, which included Prakash Shah and Inventure, had placed buy orders up to 18 percent below the previous day’s closing prices, the orders got executed and pulled down the Nifty by 15 percent.
Excerpts from the SAT order:
"From a practical view point, members put in margin, which is based on
their daily average trading in a day i.e. expected gross open positions and put up that much of margin upfront. However, there are problems when members do trade in excess of margin and to take care of such possibilities, system generate alerts when margin upto 70%, 80%, 90% and 95% is traded and trading system is expected to stop taking up further orders from member when margin utilization is 100%.
To stop trading on exhausting 100% margin, SEBI had instructed NSE
to have such a system in place, which will disable a member’s terminal on
reaching this limit. However, NSE has interpreted this in a different way - that members have been instructed to stop trading on reaching 100% utilization of margin.
NSE is definitely not justified in passing the responsibility of stopping trading on exceeded available margin to members and should have tried to implement this in their trading systems and if it was not possible, due to some reasons, should have brought this to notice of SEBI. This was not done and to resolve this SEBI and stock exchanges should
consider what has to be done to address this problem"
RELATED NEWS

SpiceJet offers Rs 499 fare on domestic networkSpiceJet offers Rs 499 fare on domestic network
R Yegya Narayanan
Tweet
Coimbatore, Sept 1:  
Low-fare carrier SpiceJet has fired another salvo at its rivals, launching a new fare war called the ‘early bird sale’ in which fares start as low as Rs 499 per ticket for flights on its domestic network.
Booking for the tickets is open till 11.59 pm on September 3 for travel between January 16 and October 24, 2015, the airline has said.
In the announcement posted on its Web site, SpiceJet said the ‘early bird’ fares would begin at Rs 499 and these were one-way fares inclusive of fuel surcharge. All statutory taxes and fees would have to be paid by the passengers as applicable on the date of travel. The fare would vary from sector to sector based on travel and the inventory available was limited and would be given on a first-come-first-served basis.
Bookings for infants and groups were excluded from the scheme. The scheme would be available only for bookings made on its Web site www.spicejet.com, online travel portals and through travel agents only. While bookings made for direct, via and onward flights on its domestic network were covered under the scheme, the fare paid was non-refundable.
SpiceJet had earlier launched schemes with a base fare of Re 1.
(This article was published on September 1, 2014)
Related

European Central BankNeed to sort legal issues before targeting UBHL: United Bk
Sep 10, 2014 at 12:04 | Source: CNBC-TV18
RBI has issued clarification on 'wilful defaulter' tag wherein it allowed banks to include key executives in the management as defaulters too. The central bank also wants banks to name non-group entities as wilful defaulters if they have given guarantees and dont pay up when the original party defaults.
Rupee to outperform other EM currencies in 2014: Deutsche
Sep 09, 2014 at 10:53 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Goel says the global currency market is seeing divergence in cues, reflecting the conflicting policies of central banks in developed markets
Indian rupee opens lower at 60.43/dollar; slips 14 paise
Sep 09, 2014 at 09:00 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Strong FII flows and suspected Central Bank intervention have ensured that rupee consolidates in 60-61/dollar range, says Ashutosh Raina of HDFC Bank.
Watch out: Central bank shock potential
Sep 08, 2014 at 15:06 | Source: CNBC
David Tice, president of Tice Capital and founder of the Prudent Bear Fund, warned last month that a jolt to international confidence in central banks would lead to a 30 to 60 percent market decline
EMs should be beneficiaries of ECB rate cut: Nick Parsons
Sep 05, 2014 at 12:59 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nick Parsons, head of research, UK and Europe at National Australia Bank believes the US is looking fully priced in.
ECB action: Next catalyst for emerging markets?
Sep 05, 2014 at 11:47 | Source: CNBC
dThe ECB surprised investors on Thursday,cutting interest rates to record lows and announcing a program to buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds starting in Octobe
See money flowing from euro into US dollars: Hans Goetti
Sep 05, 2014 at 09:18 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Hans Goetti of Banque Internationale the ECB has delivered more than the market expected, which could eventually lead to quantitative easing and expansion of ECB balance sheet.
Indian rupee opens lower at 60.44 per dollar, down 9 paise
Sep 05, 2014 at 09:12 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity expects the rupee to trade range bound to slightly weak. "The range for the day is seen between 60.20-61/USD," he adds.
Liquidity to remain benign globally: Macquarie Sec's Gibbs
Sep 05, 2014 at 09:07 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday cut interest rates to a fresh record low. The central bank has cut benchmark interest rate to 0.05 percent from 0.15 percent and marginal lending rate to 0.3 percent, while deposit rates have been slashed to -0.2 percent from -0.1 percent.
Euro under water as ECB opens liquidity tap
Sep 05, 2014 at 08:51 | Source: Reuters
The aggressive shift sent short-term bond yields into negative territory in Germany, France, the Netherlands and Austria, giving investors an overwhelming incentive to sell euros for higher yielding assets elsewhere.
Need to sort legal issues before targeting UBHL: United Bk
Sep 10, 2014 at 12:04 | Source: CNBC-TV18
RBI has issued clarification on 'wilful defaulter' tag wherein it allowed banks to include key executives in the management as defaulters too. The central bank also wants banks to name non-group entities as wilful defaulters if they have given guarantees and dont pay up when the original party defaults.
Rupee to outperform other EM currencies in 2014: Deutsche
Sep 09, 2014 at 10:53 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Goel says the global currency market is seeing divergence in cues, reflecting the conflicting policies of central banks in developed markets
Indian rupee opens lower at 60.43/dollar; slips 14 paise
Sep 09, 2014 at 09:00 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Strong FII flows and suspected Central Bank intervention have ensured that rupee consolidates in 60-61/dollar range, says Ashutosh Raina of HDFC Bank.
Watch out: Central bank shock potential
Sep 08, 2014 at 15:06 | Source: CNBC
David Tice, president of Tice Capital and founder of the Prudent Bear Fund, warned last month that a jolt to international confidence in central banks would lead to a 30 to 60 percent market decline
Euro under water as ECB opens liquidity tap
Sep 05, 2014 at 08:51 | Source: Reuters
The aggressive shift sent short-term bond yields into negative territory in Germany, France, the Netherlands and Austria, giving investors an overwhelming incentive to sell euros for higher yielding assets elsewhere.
EMs should be beneficiaries of ECB rate cut: Nick Parsons
Sep 05, 2014 at 12:59 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nick Parsons, head of research, UK and Europe at National Australia Bank believes the US is looking fully priced in.
ECB action: Next catalyst for emerging markets?
Sep 05, 2014 at 11:47 | Source: CNBC
dThe ECB surprised investors on Thursday,cutting interest rates to record lows and announcing a program to buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds starting in Octobe
Wall Street ends lower as energy shares decline, offset ECB
Sep 05, 2014 at 07:58 | Source: Reuters
The Dow and S&P 500 had touched record intraday highs after the ECB's surprise move, with the benchmark index hitting a high of 2,011.17 earlier in the session.
ECB cuts benchmark rates to 0.05% from 0.15%
Sep 04, 2014 at 17:25 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ECB President Mario Draghi also announced plans for an asset-backed securities (ABS) and covered bond purchase programme to help ease credit conditions in the bloc.
Indian rupee opens lower at 60.44 per dollar, down 9 paise
Sep 05, 2014 at 09:12 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity expects the rupee to trade range bound to slightly weak. "The range for the day is seen between 60.20-61/USD," he adds.
Videos »

Sensex hits new record-high of 27 148.90; Nifty at 8 119.80market and exchange
Continuing its rising streak for the ninth straight session, the benchmark BSE Sensex rose over 129 points to hit a new high of 27,148.90 in opening trade on Wednesday on sustained foreign capital inflows coupled with a firming trend on other Asian bourses.
The 30-share index, which had gained over 705 points in the previous eight sessions, gathered another 129.51 points, or 0.47 per cent, to trade at a new peak of 27,148.90, surpassing its earlier record of 27,082.85 touched on Tuesday (intra-day).
All the sectoral indices, led by teck, consumer durables, infrastructure and oil & gas, were trading in positive territory with gains up to 0.93 per cent.
Maintaining its record-breaking spree, the NSE Nifty also shot up by another 36.75 points, or 0.45 per cent, to hit a fresh life-time high of 8,119.80, crossing its previous record of 8,101.95 hit on Tuesday.
Brokers said sentiments remained buoyant with key indices soaring to new highs on sustained foreign capital inflows and widespread buying by retail investors, driven by positive economic data such as better-than-expected GDP growth in first quarter and narrowing CAD.
Besides, positive global factors with crude oil prices falling to multi-month lows and a firming trend on other Asian markets boosted investor sentiments, they said.
Among other Asian markets, Japan’s Nikkei rose 0.82 per cent, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.15 per cent in early trade on Tuesday.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average, however, closed 0.18 per cent lower in Tuesday’s trade.

Tony Abbott in India  nuke deal likely on agendaUpdated: September 4, 2014 11:04 IST
Tony Abbott in India, nuke deal likely on agenda
PTI
Tony Abbott is in India to discuss strategic ties and strength two-way commerce opportunities. File photo: AP
TOPICS
India-Australia
Hope to sign agreement that will enable uranium sales by Australia to India, he said.
Amid indications that a nuclear deal could be in the offing, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott arrived in Mumbai this morning on a two-day India visit during which the two countries would look at ways to deepen strategic ties and strengthen two-way trade and commerce.
Mr. Abbott landed in the financial capital, his first port of call, on a day-long visit during which he will interact with business leaders and select Indian CEOs.
He will also attend the launch of the Australian Government’s New Colombo Plan in India and be present for the felicitation of young cricketers by Australian cricketers like Adam Gilchrist and Brett Lee at the Cricket Club of India. India’s Sachin Tendulkar will also attend the ceremony.
Mr. Abbott is expected to sign a Memorandum of Understanding in the field of sports but details have not been disclosed so far.
He will also lay a wreath at the memorial for the victims of 26/11 attacks at Hotel Taj Mahal Palace.
A big-ticket item on Mr. Abbott’s agenda as he leaves for the national capital in the evening, however, would be a civil nuclear deal with India efforts for which have been underway since 2012 after the Labour party reversed its decision to ban the sale of uranium to India because of New Delhi not being a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
“I am hoping to sign a nuclear co-operation agreement that will enable uranium sales by Australia to India,” he told the parliament on the eve of his visit to India.

Muslim pilgrims leave for Hajjpicture  others
Muslim pilgrims leave for Hajj
A Muslim pilgrim, back to camera, is hugged by her relative at the airport as she leaves for the annual hajj pilgrimage to the holy city of Mecca in New Delhi.
More than 3 million Muslims worldwide make the pilgrimage each year, but recent reports say Saudi Arabia plans to restrict the number this year to about 1.3 million because of construction projects in the holy city. (Source: AP)
Relatives put an identification tag around the neck of Muslim woman as she leaves for the annual hajj pilgrimage to the holy city of Mecca in New Delhi. (Source: AP)
Muslim, back to camera hugs his relatives before they leave for the annual hajj pilgrimage to the holy city of Mecca in New Delhi. (Source: AP)
Muslim woman pilgrim cries as she hugs her son at the airport before leaving for the annual hajj pilgrimage to the holy city of Mecca in New Delhi. (Source: AP)
People wave as their relatives leave for the annual hajj pilgrimage to the holy city of Mecca. (Source: AP)
Muslim women cry as their relatives get ready to leave for the annual hajj pilgrimage to the holy city of Mecca, at a airport in New Delhi. (Source: AP)
Muslim women cry as their relatives get ready to leave for the annual hajj pilgrimage to the holy city of Mecca, at a airport in New Delhi. (Source: AP)

Marico Kaya hits all-time high; RBI allows FIIs to up stakeSep 04, 2014, 01.50 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Marico Kaya hits all-time high; RBI allows FIIs to up stake
"RBI on Wednesday advised that FIIs/registered foreign portfolios investors (RFPIs) can now invest up to 40 percent of the paid up capital of company under the portfolio investment scheme," said the central bank in its note.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Marico Kaya hits all-time high; RBI allows FIIs to up stake
"RBI on Wednesday advised that FIIs/registered foreign portfolios investors (RFPIs) can now invest up to 40 percent of the paid up capital of company under the portfolio investment scheme," said the central bank in its note.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Marico Kaya Enterprises  (demerged entity of  Marico and listed in August) touched a record high of Rs 650 on Thursday, up 4 percent intraday after the Reserve Bank of India allowed foreign institutional investors to buy more stake in company.
"RBI on Wednesday advised that FIIs/registered foreign portfolios investors (RFPIs) can now invest up to 40 percent of the paid up capital of company under the portfolio investment scheme," said the central bank in its note.
The company had passed these resolutions at its board of directors’ level and a special resolution by the shareholders on August 28, agreeing for enhancing the limit for the purchase of its equity shares and convertible debentures by FIIs.
The purchases could be made through primary market and stock exchanges and would be subject to FEMA regulations and other terms and conditions stipulated by the Reserve Bank, said the RBI.
Promoter group led by Harsh C Mariwala holds 59.69 percent stake in the company while public shareholding stands at 19.7 percent as of June 2014.
At 13:21 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 642.05, up Rs 17.80, or 2.85 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Vijay Mallya denies being a  wilful defaulter   says will pursue legal actionUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Under fire from the court and banks, Kingfisher Airlines Chairman Vijay Mallya has denied allegations that he is a wilful defaulter. He has said that he will take the legal recourse available.
He made these comments while attending the United Breweries' Annual General Meeting in Bangalore on Thursday. "We strongly deny the allegations made. We shall pursue all available legal remedies to us," Mallya said.
Mallya and Kingfisher Airlines have been declared wilful defaulters by the United Bank for not repaying a debt of Rs 350 crore. The group is sitting on a debt of nearly Rs 25,000 crore.
Mallya and Kingfisher Airlines have been declared wilful defaulters by the United Bank for not repaying a debt of Rs 350 crore.
"We were not given a hearing, we have not appeared before them, we disagree with their action and we shall pursue legal action," Mallya said.
Kingfisher Airlines and directors declared as wilful defaulters will not be able to borrow from banks in the future. They would also lose Director-level positions in companies and criminal proceeding could be initiated against them, if warranted, to recover the money. The carrier had allegedly opened multiple current accounts leading to diversion of funds, said a bank official, adding that there is a balance of Rs 7.5 crore in other-than-the-designated current account as on date.
The Kolkata-based bank is the first PSU lender to initiate the process of declaring Vijay Mallya and three other directors of the grounded Kingfisher Airlines as wilful defaulters a couple of months ago. Other banks such as State Bank of India, IDBI Bank and Punjab National Bank have also initiated the process of declaring KFA and its directors as wilful defaulters.
UBI's exposure to Kingfisher Airlines was around Rs 350 crore as part of consortium led by State Bank of India. The consortium of 17 banks, has an outstanding debt of about Rs 6,521 crore from the now-grounded carrier and outside the consortium, the bank gave about Rs 60 crore loan for Pre-Delivery payment.
(With additional information from PTI)

Sensex  Nifty continue to slide; JP Associates tanks 13%Sep 04, 2014, 02.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty continue to slide; JP Associates tanks 13%
HDFC, NTPC, Coal India, Hero MotoCorp and ITC are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are BHEL, Hindalco, Tata Motors, Tata Steel and ICICI Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty continue to slide; JP Associates tanks 13%
HDFC, NTPC, Coal India, Hero MotoCorp and ITC are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are BHEL, Hindalco, Tata Motors, Tata Steel and ICICI Bank.
Post your opinion here
13:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
2:00 pm Vijay Mallya's address: Strongly denying United Bank of India's (UBI) wilful defaulter allegations chairman of cash-strapped Kingfisher Airlines Vijay Mallya today said the company was not given a chance to present its case before UBI.
While addressing the media at its annual general meeting, he said, "We disagree with their action. We were'nt given a hearing, will pursue legal remedies available."
UBI recently declared the grounded airline and Mallya as wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues worth Rs 400 crore. Three company directors - Subhash R Gupte, Ravi Nedungadi and Anil Kumar Ganguly — were also on the list. But the company is looking to vigorously challenge UBI's decision.
State-owned UBI is the first lender to declare KFA and promoter Mallya as wilful defaulters.
 1:45 pm Results: India's largest spirits company United Spirits (USL) posted huge loss of Rs 4,489 crore in the year ended March 2014 on consolidated basis, increased by 44.4 times compared to a loss of Rs 101.2 crore in previous year. Impairment loss of Rs 3,235.73 crore, provision of Rs 1,123.16 crore and higher interest cost impacted bottomline of the company.
"Corresponding to the provision for doubtful advances and diminution in the value of investments recognised in the standalone financial statement and impairment loss of Rs 3,235.73 crore on goodwill of WMG, Palmer Investment Group and Montrose International SA has been recognised in the consolidated financials. This impairment loss reported as an exceptional item," the company explained.
1:30 pm Market opinion: The run up seen in the market could be liquidity driven believes Anup Bagchi, MD & CEO, ICICI Securities but thinks there seems to be some nervousness now creeping in. So one could see some consolidation in the market says Bagchi in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
However he does not expect a deep correction.
He think stocks from the oil and gas space would make good policy bets and one could buy them on any correction.
Profit booking continues in Dalal Street with the Sensex down 124.60 points at 27015.34. The Nifty is down 36.60 points at 8078.00. About 954 shares have advanced, 1794 shares declined, and 92 shares are unchanged.
 
HDFC, NTPC, Coal India, Hero MotoCorp and ITC are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are BHEL, Hindalco, Tata Motors, Tata Steel and ICICI Bank.
JP Associates tanks 13 percent after Jaypee Infra Ventures sold 1,34,89,693 shares of Jaiprakash Associates at Rs 46.33 on the NSE.
Meanwhile, The Intelligence Bureau issued a security alert to several states on Thursday after al Qaeda leader Ayman al Zawahri announced the formation of an Indian branch of his militant group, two television networks said.
12:00
Sensex breaks 27000; Hindalco down 4%; HDFC, ITC shine
State-run power equipment maker BHEL and aluminium major Hindalco Industries topped the selling list in the Sensex, falling more than 4 percent. Among the Nifty 50 stocks, DLF crashed over 8 percent after Punjab and Haryana HC canceled allotment of 350 acre land to company by Haryana government while JSPL lost 4 percent.

SC rejects CBI Director Ranjit Sinha s plea to restrain mediaSC turns down CBI Director Ranjit Sinha's plea to restrain media
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 4, 2014  | 16:18 IST
A view of the Supreme Court building is seen in New Delhi (Photo: Reuters)
The Supreme Court on Thursday turned down the plea of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Director Ranjit Sinha to restrain media from broadcasting and publishing news stories on the basis of documents pertaining to the entry list of visitors at his residence.
A bench headed by Justice HL Dattu said it had gone through the documents and asked advocate Prashant Bhushan to file an affidavit annexing the materials.
We have gone through the documents. We cannot take cognisance of this until it is placed on record, the bench said.
The bench agreed to give an urgent hearing on the issue and decided to assemble at 10 am, half an hour before the normal court time, on Monday.
In his plea, Sinha submitted that his right to privacy and reputation was involved in the case and pleaded the court to restrain the media.
The CBI Director is at the centre of a controversy after an NGO had told the Supreme Court that entry register of his residence portrays a very disturbing and explosive material coming in the way of administration of justice in 2G spectrum allocation scam .
Senior advocate Vikas Singh, appearing for the CBI Director, raised questions on the veracity and source of the documents. The CBI Director also refuted all the allegations made against him, saying all such statements are patently false.
However, the court turned down the plea to restrain the media from broadcasting or publishing news stories based on the documents.
The advocate also raised questions on how the documents got leaked despite apex court's order that they should be placed before it in a sealed envelope. Singh further pleaded that apex court should ask Bhushan about the source from which he acquired those documents.

No respite for Central India  Gujarat as monsoon summons up another big spellNo respite for Central India, Gujarat as monsoon summons up another big spell
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 3:  
The rare spectacle of two full-blown low-pressure areas battling it out to assume control of the vigorous monsoon over west India was on show late last night.
Forecasts indicated that the two will strike up a compromise and merge into a single trough that extends from Saurashtra and Kutch to north Rajasthan-Punjab.
Roaring high
This will take place over the next couple of days, sending the monsoon to a roaring high over Gujarat, Konkan-Mumbai, west Madhya Pradesh and east Rajasthan.
By Thursday, the ‘low’ lying straggled over northeast Arabian Sea and Saurashtra-Kutch may enter the Bhuj-Jamnagar belt and weaken thereafter.
But that may not necessarily weaken the monsoon materially since the trough linking the west with the northwest would still be very active.
The counterpart ‘low’ would have found the environment to intensify in strength as monsoon easterlies fan in from a new-born ‘low’ in the northwest Bay of Bengal.
New-born 'low'
Forecasts by India Met Department and peer international models indicated that the new ‘low’ would materialise by Thursday.
It is predicted to cross the north Andhra Pradesh-Odisha coast and intensify one round, according to the European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts.
In fact, the European Centre goes on to predict that this system would also send monsoon into full cry over central India sooner than later before it toys with Gujarat yet again.
Just as the monsoon peaks to a high dictated by current conditions, Gujarat would once again see a potent ‘low’ spinning up overhead and slip under heavy rain.
(This article was published on September 3, 2014)
Related

Nokia Lumia 830: Microsoft unveils the thinnest and lightest Lumia yetUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The metal-framed Nokia Lumia 830 is what Microsoft calls "the affordable flagship" of the Nokia Lumia family. The Windows Phone 8.1 device priced at 330 euros (about Rs 26,200) is also the thinnest and lightest Lumia yet with an 8.5mm thin profile.
The Lumia 830 has a 10 megapixel rear camera along with a 1 megapixel front camera and is powered by a 1.2GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor. The phone has a 5-inch display with 1280x720 pixels resolution protected by Gorilla 3.0 glass.
The battery in the Lumia 830 is 2200 mAh and storage options include 16GB on-board with an additional 15GB free space available on Microsoft's OneDrive and the phone also supports microSD cards of up to 128GB.
The metal-framed Nokia Lumia 830 is what Microsoft calls "the affordable flagship" of the Nokia Lumia family.
Lumia 830 will come with the Lumia Denim update that introduces features such as Live Folders, Apps Corner and an updated Glance screen.
In tune with the Lumia tradition of colourful phones, the Lumia 830 will be  available in bright orange, bright green, white and black colour options.
The phone will go on sale globally this month.
Nokia also unveiled two other phones Lumia 730 and Lumia 735 with 5 megapixel wide-angle front cameras targeted towards the ever-increasing number of selfie enthusiasts.

Nokia Lumia 730  Lumia 735: Microsoft launches two affordable  selfie  phonesUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: In line with expectations, Microsoft has launched, not one, but two 'selfie' phones - the Lumia 735 and Lumia 730 dual-SIM - that run the latest Windows Phone 8.1 operating system. Microsoft says the 5 megapixel wide-angle front camera on the Lumia 730 dual-SIM and Lumia 735 lets users capture better selfies.
The phones have been optimised keeping the Skype app in mind as they let users switch from voice to Skype video calls with just one tap. They come powered by a 1.2 GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor and have a 4.7-inch Super Sensitive Touch HD OLED display.
Both phones feature a 6.7 megapixel rear-facing camera, 2220 mAh battery, 8 GB of internal storage and 15 GB of free OneDrive storage. They support a microSD card of up to 128GB.
The new phones will start shipping in September, though not necessarily right away in all markets.
The Lumia 735 includes 4G and built-in wireless charging, while the Lumia 730 doesn't.
The Lumia 730 dual-SIM will be priced around 199 euros (before taxes and subsidies), while the Lumia 735 with LTE/4G and wireless charging support will be priced around 219 euros (before taxes and subsidies).
The Nokia Lumia 730 dual-SIM and Lumia 735 will begin rolling out globally this month.
Key specifications: Lumia 730 and 735
Operating system: Windows Phone 8.1 with Lumia Denim
Display: 4.7" HD OLED 720Ã-1280 screenSunlight ReadabilitySuper Sensitive Touch for glove and nail usage
Battery: 2220 mAh batteryWireless charging compatible [1]
Processor: 1.2 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor
Main camera: 6.7 MP FF, Improved Nokia Camera, LED flash
Front facing camera: 5 MP wide-angle Full HD, 1080p video
Memory: 8GB + 15GB free OneDrive, micro SD up to 128GB

Co- Head Equites & Head-Research Dolat CapitalMr. Amit Khurana is Co-Head Equities & Head of Research at Dolat Capital. He has done CFA, MBE. He has over 18 years of experience in Capital Markets.
ABOUT Amit Khurana
Mr. Amit Khurana is Co-Head Equities & Head of Research at Dolat Capital. He has done CFA, MBE. He has over 18 years of experience in Capital Markets.

Heineken  Diageo to take call on board position: MallyaHeineken, Diageo to take call on board position post wilful defaulter tag: Vijay Mallya
PTI     Bangalore   Last Updated: September 4, 2014  | 18:28 IST
Vijay Mallya, chairman and chief executive of United Breweries, speaks during a news conference in Srinagar (Photo: Reuters)
Vijay Mallya , United Breweries group Chairman and debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines promoter who was declared a wilful defaulter by the United Bank of India, on Thursday said Heineken and Diageo should be asked directly about their stance on his board position.
The question was raised as being declared a wilful defaulter means board position becomes untenable, to which Mallya replied, "The issues have not been raised with me... It is premature to speculate."
On Monday United Bank of India declared Mallya and three directors of debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines, wilful defaulters due to the company allegedly indulging in diversion of funds by opening multiple accounts.
Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of 15th Annual General Meeting of Members of United Breweries Limited in Bangalore, he denied the allegations made by the state-run bank and said, "we shall pursue all available legal remedies ."
"In response to the United Bank of India action, I have already issued a media statement which basically says that we strongly deny the allegations made, that we disagree with the findings of their Grievance Redressal Committee before which we have had no opportunity to appear," Mallya said.
To a question on United Spirits' (USL) plans to institute an inquiry into loans advanced by the company to different entities of the UB group, Mallya said, "I was part of the United Spirits Limited board meeting yesterday. I know exactly what comments were made. Once again there has been a proper inquiry instituted under the charge of the Managing Director and the CEO, and let the inquiry be conducted and the results will obviously be known."
Giving details about the AGM, he said the shareholders did not raise any questions and concerns at all. They were highly complimentary about the company's results. I explained the environment and trading conditions for the year under review despite which United Breweries increased its market share.
To another question, he said, "Beverage alcohol must definitely be included in the GST scheme. We are a very large industry, very large employers, but more significantly one of the most significant and highest contributors to state revenue. There is no reason to exclude beverage alcohol industry from GST."
In fact, he added, it would be highly prejudicial to the beverage alcohol industry if they were to be excluded from GST.
On Kerala's new liquor policy and levy of a five per cent cess on liquor, he said Kerala was a large consuming state. However, each state has a right to whatever policy it chooses particularly on the alcoholic beverage industry.
He said, "We have seen other states in India before impose total prohibition. In Kerala it is only a road map over ten years. I do not believe in prohibition and I think there is sufficient evidence to prove that prohibition has not succeeded anywhere, not even in countries like United States... I think all this needs to be considered."
Stating how the beverage alcohol industry was a very significant contributor to the revenues of the Kerala government, Mallya said he hoped they had considered all factors before announcing road map.

Poroshenko says Ukraine ceasefire plan to be signed tomorrowPrint
Agence-France Presse | Kiev | Posted: September 4, 2014 8:12 pm
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said a ceasefire plan aimed at ending a near five-month conflict in the east of the country would be signed on Friday.
“Tomorrow in Minsk a document will be signed providing for the gradual introduction of the Ukrainian peace plan,” he said on the sidelines of the NATO summit in Wales on Thursday.
“It is very important that the first element provides for a ceasefire,” he said.
Representatives of Kiev, Moscow, the separatist rebels and the pan-European security group the OSCE are due to meet in the Belarussian capital on Friday.
“If the meeting takes place, I will issue instructions to the leadership of the general staff about a bilateral ceasefire,” Poroshenko told Ukrainian television.
He also said that NATO will adopt a declaration backing stronger military support for Kiev, a move that is likely to infuriate Moscow.
“In its declaration, NATO will confirm resolute bilateral steps by its member states to support military and technological assistance for Ukraine,” Poroshenko said. “This is exactly what we were waiting for.”
Russian President Vladimir Putin had announced on Wednesday a seven-point ceasefire plan for Ukraine, although he denies Moscow has any involvement in the conflict raging in the east.
But Moscow is vehemently opposed to closer ties between NATO and Kiev, which has said it is taking steps to begin the membership process for the transatlantic alliance.

Microsoft launches new "affordable flagship" Lumia 830 smartphoneApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Banking system s NPAs to inch up in FY15: IcraBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:46 AM IST
Banking system's NPAs to inch up in FY15: Icra
For the whole banking sector also the gross NPA is expected to increase to 4-4.2% at the end of this financial year
Despite lenders claiming bad loans are under check, the asset quality of banks continues to worsen. Rating agency Icra estimates public sector banks’ gross non-performing assets (NPAs) to stand at up to 4.7 per cent at the end of this financial year, compared with 4.4 per cent at the end of FY14.
For the entire banking sector, gross NPAs are expected to stand at 4-4.2 per cent, against 3.9 per cent at the end of March this year and four per cent at the end of June.
“The rate of generation of fresh NPAs remained elevated for public sector banks (3.5 per cent) and, as result, their gross NPAs increased by 20 basis points to 4.6 per cent in the first quarter of FY15. During the same quarter, the NPAs of private banks increased by 20 basis points to two per cent,” Icra said.
The agency expects the sale of bad loans to asset reconstruction companies to decrease; this might further increase the NPAs in the banking system. Had it not been for the sale of NPAs to asset reconstruction companies, the banking system’s gross NPAs would have been 20-30 basis points higher, Icra said.
As the Reserve Bank of India has mandated asset reconstruction companies to invest and hold 15 per cent in security receipts, against five per cent earlier, the sale of NPAs to these companies might decrease.
During the quarter ended June this year, there was a significant fall in fresh referrals to the corporate debt restructuring cell. Icra said at the end of the June quarter, the standard restructured book continued to be relatively large---about six per cent for public sector banks and five per cent for the entire banking system.
 Advertisements

Rahul accepts split in Cong ranks; hits out at ModiBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:49 AM IST
Rahul accepts split in Cong ranks; hits out at Modi
He said the PM was 'playing drum' in Japan while people suffered from power crisis and soaring vegetable prices
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Thursday directly acknowledged that there was confusion amidst the party ranks, with youth advising senior leaders to “work collectively” and “refrain from publicly questioning party leadership.”
When asked about it, Gandhi said, “It is an old party, everyone has opinion of his own.”
While on a visit to his Lok Sabha constituency Amethi, Gandhi told reporters that “there are multiple voices in the Congress party” and all these voices will bring solutions to it. “There are always these types of tensions and we will deal with it,” he said when asked to comment on the infighting in the party after it suffered a rout in the Lok Sabha elections.
This past week, more than 16 AICC secretaries had got together declaring their support for Rahul Gandhi in the face of growing voices of dissent in the party.
Gandhi’s statements also come on a day when four young Congress Secretaries met party General Secretary Janardan Dwivedi to convey their concerns over senior leaders publicly criticising Rahul Gandhi. Dwivedi an AICC general Secretary in-charge of organisation attempted to downplay the “tension” saying it would be dealt with.
AICC Secretaries Harish Chowdhary, Naseeb Singh, Prakash Joshi and Shakeel Ahmed Khan had a meeting with Dwivedi and conveyed their views. Sources claimed that they also handed over a letter addressed to senior leaders signed by the secretaries.
Senior leaders Digvijaya Singh had questioned Vice President Rahul Gandhi’s lack of media visibility contributing to the Congress’ loss in the war of perception
On Wednesday, after one such brainstorming session of secretaries, AICC Secretary Shakeel Ahmed Khan who is one among this group of secretaries speaking to Business Standard said, “All of us feel that opinions should be voiced within the party forum - there is the Congress Working Committee or CWC and also the party leadership that can be approached. There has to be a consciousness that we need to work collectively and unitedly.”
“Instead of indulging in a blame game, we should train our energies to perform the role of a constructive Opposition and work collectively to expose the new BJP-led government,” said Khan.
Also on Thursday, Rahul directly attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying he was “playing drums”in Japan while people suffered from power crisis and soaring vegetable prices back at home.
“They had made big promises but where is the result? They might have forgotten so let me remind them. They said they will change the country, bring down prices, reduce corruption. 100 days are over. At least begin working now. People say they have not even started working. The PM is playing drums in Japan while there is no electricity here and prices are rising.”
The BJP has lashed out at the Congress for attacking Modi.
 Advertisements

A 105-inch Samsung UHD TV that can bend  new Lumia phones on IFA Day 2Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Morning Bets: BUY or SELL ideas from experts for FridayYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
‘BUY’ or ‘SELL’ ideas from experts for Friday, 05 September 2014
ET Now Sep 5, 2014, 08.32AM IST
Tags:
Adani Enterprises Ltd
(ET Now spoke to various experts…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Friday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Gabriel India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 79 and a stop loss of Rs 63
Berger Paints Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 350
Petronet LNG Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 207 and a stop loss of Rs 190
Titan Company Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 410 and a stop loss of Rs 380
Gammon India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 46 and a stop loss of Rs 32
Supreme Petrochem Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 94 and a stop loss of Rs 78
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 540 and a stop loss of Rs 503
CESC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 765 and a stop loss of Rs 729
Dish TV Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 50 and a stop loss of Rs 55
India Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 129 and a stop loss of Rs 118
CEAT Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 665 and a stop loss of Rs 625
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Tata Global Beverages Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 175 and a stop loss of Rs 157
CESC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 780 and a stop loss of Rs 724
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 548 and a stop loss of Rs 499
Karur Vysya Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 524 and a stop loss of Rs 480
Tata Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 491 and a stop loss of Rs 518
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 424 and a stop loss of Rs 414
Hathway Cable Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 276
Vijay Bhambwani , Author and CEO at bsplindia.com
Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 285 and a stop loss of Rs 295
Container Corporation Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1261 and a stop loss of Rs 1306
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi: Man beats 14-year-old boy to death for stealing a mangoUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: In a shocking incident in Delhi, a 14-year-old boy was mercilessly beaten to death for stealing a mango. The incident took place in the new Seemapuri area of northeast Delhi.
The child was reportedly playing in the park when the mango seller came along with a few other people and started beating him. The child's relatives claim the mango seller hit the boy on the head with an iron rod.
The police have registered a case and sent the body for post-mortem.
"We were playing in the park when the mango seller came and started beating my brother.  My brother was hurt & bleeding. I tried to save him but the mango seller hit me with a rod," said Sheikh Shahabuddin, the victim's brother.
"The child was beaten so mercilessly only for stealing a mango. This is barbaric and inhuman," said Kareem Shah, an eyewitness.

Express 5: PMs Teachers Day live telecast; CBI chiefs odd guestlistVisitors logbooks
 
Not just well known politicians and representatives of corporate houses under probe by CBI, owners of several lesser known entities too had easy and frequent access to agency director Ranjit Sinha’s residence, a scrutiny of visitors logbooks shows.
 
Saradha chit-fund Scam
With names of several top TMC leaders cropping up in the nearly Rs 2,460-crore Saradha chit fund scam, West Bengal Governor Kesari Nath Tripathi said he can take any action only if something is placed before him in writing.
Read more here:  ‘Can act if I get something in writing’
Special to the Express:
BI move to investigate the disinvestment of Udaipur’s Laxmi Vilas hotel on the basis of an anonymous oral complaint, 12 years after the decision, holds a lesson for those who are trying to get the bureaucracy going.
 
INDIA TOUR OF ENGLAND
Indian batsman Ajinkya Rahane joined the bandwagon of Indian players, who have attributed Team Director Ravi Shastri for bringing about a turnaround in team’s fortunes with his technical inputs in the ongoing ODI series after their dismal show in the Test matches.

Google s-EU antitrust deal criticised by MicrosoftSep 05, 2014, 09.26 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Google's-EU antitrust deal criticised by Microsoft
The Competition Commissioner is preparing to decide whether to wrap up the case or hand it over to his successor when his mandate ends, after spending three years examining whether Google squeezes out rival services in online search results.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Google's-EU antitrust deal criticised by Microsoft
The Competition Commissioner is preparing to decide whether to wrap up the case or hand it over to his successor when his mandate ends, after spending three years examining whether Google squeezes out rival services in online search results.
Post your opinion here
 
Google's antitrust deal with EU regulators was criticised by Microsoft and other competitors in a last-ditch attempt to influence European Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia before he leaves office at the end of October.
The Competition Commissioner is preparing to decide whether to wrap up the case or hand it over to his successor when his mandate ends, after spending three years examining whether Google squeezes out rival services in online search results.
Almunia reached a preliminary deal with the world's most popular Internet search engine in February. He has told 18 complainants that he intends to rebuff their grievances and is now examining their responses.
Also read: Google to refund $19m in kids' in-app purchase case: US
Microsoft's director of competition law, Jean-Yves Art, said the US software company was particularly concerned about Google's contractual curbs on advertisers making it difficult for them to switch to other online platforms.
"The proposals don't cure or eliminate all restrictions that we and rivals see. There are still restrictions preventing them from providing interoperability," he said at a news conference organised by a host of Google complainants.
The head of British price-comparison site Foundem, Shivaun Raff, said the Commission had no evidence that Google's offer to let three rivals display their logos and web links in a box and allow content providers to decide what material Google can use for its own services would resolve competition issues.
"(Google's proposals) are not a remedy. They are a catastrophic escalation of the abuse," Raff said.
The case has become highly politicised, with sources saying about a third of Almunia's colleagues in the Commission are opposed to the deal. Sources told Reuters the EU may close the current case and open another one into Google's Android mobile operating system.
Almunia's spokesman Antoine Colombani declined to comment. Google spokesman Al Verney said: "We've co-operated fully with the European Commission's investigation over the last four years. Our proposal addresses all of the EC's concerns, and greatly increases the visibility of rival services."
Also at the meeting were representatives from newspapers and magazine publishers across Europe, online travel site Expedia and several complainants from Germany and Britain.
RELATED NEWS

Indian ADRs: Infosys Wipro decline  ICICI Bank gainsSep 05, 2014, 09.26 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian ADRs: Infosys & Wipro decline, ICICI Bank gains
In the technology space, Infosys was down 0.11 percent to USD 61.11 and Wipro lost 0.18 percent to USD 12.19.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian ADRs: Infosys & Wipro decline, ICICI Bank gains
In the technology space, Infosys was down 0.11 percent to USD 61.11 and Wipro lost 0.18 percent to USD 12.19.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Indian ADRs ended mixed on Thursday. Among banks, HDFC Bank rose 0.07 percent to USD 51.33 per ADR while ICICI Bank declined 0.19 percent to USD 54.77.
In the technology space, Infosys was down 0.11 percent to USD 61.11 and Wipro lost 0.18 percent to USD 12.19.
Among others, Dr Reddy's Labs gained 0.08 percent at 49.36 and Tata Motors rose 0.04 percent to USD 48.20.
RELATED NEWS

See money flowing from euro into US dollars: Hans Goetti08:00 am
Hans Goetti, Head of Investment - Asia, Banque Internationale says with the European Central Bank (ECB) cutting rates there will be outflow of money from euro into US dollars.
He says the ECB has delivered more than the market expected, which could eventually lead to quantitative easing and expansion of ECB balance sheet.
According to him the technical support fot the euro is around 1.28 levels in the near-term but it could also see levels of 1.20 in the medium-term in case the ECB follows through with expansion of its balance sheet and the Fed at the same time keeps tapering by not expanding the  balance sheet. Tech
On the US Jobs data front, he expects the number to be anywhere between 220,000-250,000
In a bid to tackle the slowdown in Eurozone, the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday cut interest rates to a fresh record low . The central bank has cut benchmark interest rate to 0.05 percent from 0.15 percent and marginal lending rate to 0.3 percent, while deposit rates have been slashed to -0.2 percent from -0.1 percent.
Below is the transcript of Hans Goetti's interview with Nigel D'Souza and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Nigel: How do you read the situation? Yesterday the European markets ran along, there was no reaction whatsoever on the US markets while the Asian markets are quite subdued this morning, what is your take on it? Where is the money going to flow?
A: First of all, it is going to flow out of the euro. We have seen a pretty strong reaction on the downside in the euro and that is indicative of a lot of money flowing into US dollars. I think that is the global trend.
The European Central Bank (ECB) delivered what the markets are hoping for. In fact, they have probably delivered a little bit more because the interest rate cuts were not widely expected.
So what you are going to see is a move towards quantitative easing (QE) eventually and an expansion of the ECB balance sheet. Remember, balance sheet of the ECB shrank from 2.7 trillion in 2012 to 2 trillion and they have clearly indicated, they are going to expand it again which means weaker currency.
Reema: What is the size of the current bond buying programme and any signals by Mario Draghi about what the future ECB policy by way of stimulus could be?
A: The plan to buy asset backed securities – essentially, the idea behind it is that bank lending will pick up and they think that in the asset backed space that is the most likely to happen as far as they are targeting this and it is a sizeable injection of liquidity obviously. So that is the ideav to jumpstart an economy that has clearly started to slowdown in the aftermath of sanctions against Russia. Remember, sanctions work both ways and jumpstarting lending would be a way to revive the economy.
Nigel: This evening in fact we have that crucial jobs report that is going to be out in the US. What is your expectation of it?
A: I think the consensus is calling for about 220,000-250,000, which would be a good number. The labour market in the US has been improving for quite some time now. We have had more than 200,000 every month this year. So that is not the problem. The Fed, however, is looking at several components of the labour market and even strong number coming out of it does not necessarily mean that the Fed is going to raise rates anytime soon and they actually intend to do.
Reema: You spoke about the direct impact of the ECB policy will be money out of the euro. The euro has already slipped below 1.30, has that priced in or do you expect further weakness in the euro? What would your key target level be?
A: The target level on a technical basis in the near-term is 1.28, it is almost there but if that level does not hold, in the medium-term we could see 1.20 easily.
Reema: 1.20 on the euro/dollar?
A: US dollar/euro 1.20 in the medium-term if the ECB follows through on the expansion of its balance sheet and the Fed at the same time keeps tapering by not expanding the balance sheet.
Reema: So you expect follow through of further stimulus from the ECB?
A: Yes, they telegraphed that clearly. They are going to expand the balance sheet and usually when Central Bank expands the balance sheet in relation to another Central Bank, the one that expands the balance sheet more, gets the weaker currency.
RELATED NEWS

Money Market Operations as on September 04  2014Money Market Operations as on September 04  2014
Tech Mahindra gains on winning order from Bombardier AerospaceTech Mahindra gains on winning order from Bombardier Aerospace
Close to Taj is Japanese JALMA monument of love (Health Feature  with image)Close to Taj is Japanese JALMA monument of love (Health Feature  with image)
Sensex Edges Higher  Nifty Above 8 100Sensex Edges Higher  Nifty Above 8 100
Will Challenge Defaulter Tag: Vijay MallyaWill Challenge Defaulter Tag: Vijay Mallya
Sensex  Nifty slightly up; Infosys  Reliance top gainersSensex  Nifty slightly up; Infosys  Reliance top gainers
Rate cut! What the ECB did on Sept 4Rate cut! What the ECB did on Sept 4
Google to pay $19 million to settle FTC app-billing claimsGoogle to pay $19 million to settle FTC app-billing claims
Tech Mahindra gains after signing deal with Bombardier AerospaceSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 09:47 AM IST
Tech Mahindra climbs after signing deal with Bombardier Aerospace
Tech Mahindra opened at Rs 2,490, touched a high of Rs 2,522 and a low of Rs 2,479 on the BSE
Tech Mahindra has signed by nearly 2% to 2,503 after the company signed an agreement with Bombardier Aerospace. As part of this engagement, Tech Mahindra will provide engineering solutions to Bombardier.
Tech Mahindra plans to invest significantly in infrastructure and talent in the Montréal region. Tech Mahindra aims to grow its Canada team to 1,200 people in the next five years.
The company has recently announced its plans to create jobs in Canada and aims to develop an eco-system to grow local economy. The company is present in the region since 2005 and has been servicing key clients across North America.
Shares of Tech Mahindra opened at Rs 2,490, touched a high of Rs 2,522 and a low of Rs 2,479 on the BSE. A total of 10,888 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.
 Advertisements

Ten stocks in focus in Friday morning tradeYou are here: Home > Collections > Travancore
Ten stocks in focus in Friday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Jan 31, 2014, 08.09AM IST
Tags:
Coal India Ltd
(Indian markets are likely…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are likely to trade in a range on Friday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets. The key support level for the index is placed at 6,000 levels.
"The Nifty is expected to trend down till 6000. In this period the key support will be at 6000 and resistance will be at 6157 and 6226," said Somil Mehta, Senior Tech Analyst (Equity) at Sharekhan.
Mehta is of the view that the Nifty has broken the range on the downside after facing resistance around the upper end of the Bollinger Band which is a negative sign for the market. The short-term bias for the index remains negative for a target of 5920 with reversal at 6360.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are likely to be in focus in trade today:
Hero MotoCorp Ltd: The country's largest two-wheeler maker reported a 7.53 per cent increase in profit after tax to Rs 524.66 crore for the third quarter ended December 31 on robust sales.
State Bank of Travancore: The public sector bank's reported a net profit in the third quarter ended December 31 of FY14 plunged by nearly 88.8 per cent to Rs 14.76 crore on higher provisioning and rising bad loans.
JSW Energy Ltd: Private power producer JSW Energy reported an over 34 per cent drop in profit after tax at Rs 203 crore for the third quarter ended December 31.
Neyveli Lignite Corp : The company reported a 120.6 per cent spurt in net profit at Rs 489.02 crore for the third quarter ended December 31 on the back of rise in other income.
Reliance Power Ltd: Capital market regulator Sebi has approved the amalgamation of Reliance Clean Power Pvt Ltd (RCPPL) with Reliance Power Ltd. The board of private power utility Reliance Power had approved the amalgamation scheme in November.
Coal India Ltd: In yet another action against Coal India Ltd , the Competition Commission has ordered fresh probe into the state-run miner and its subsidiary for alleged abuse of dominant market position in fuel supplies.
SBI: State-owned bank SBI has raised Rs 8,032 crore by selling shares through qualified institutional placement, making it the biggest ever equity sale via this route, but largely aided by LIC.
EIL Ltd: The government on Thursday cleared the decks for 10 per cent stake sale in Engineers India through a follow on public offer (FPO) that is expected to fetch Rs 500 crore.
Ranbaxy Ltd: Ranbaxy Laboratories , the troubled drugmaker, has hinted at the possibility of sabotage by disgruntled employees at its manufacturing facility in Toansa, Punjab, which was blacklisted by the US drug regulator early this month.
Suzlon Energy Ltd: Wind turbine maker Suzlon Energy will allot shares worth over Rs 131 crore to its lenders as part of corporate debt restructuring plan. It will allot more than 7.10 crore shares, at issue price of Rs 18.51 per scrip, to CDR lenders on preferential basis, the company said in a regulatory filing today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Louis C.K. Was Right About The Cloud All Alongreddit
Comedian Louis C.K. has been known to drop truth bombs in his standup, but in this 2012 interview with Jimmy Kimmel, he seems to predict the future.
In the video above, Louis C.K. expresses suspicions about handing over photos and data to the network of servers known as the Cloud .
"I think people are a little naive about what they're giving away," he says. "There's this new thing, the Cloud. They want you to go the Cloud, and they are selling it as a great idea. Just, 'You don't need your stuff. Just give it to us; we'll keep it on the Cloud.'"
"And you're like, 'Really? Those are my pictures,'" he continues.
We're all likely guilty of trusting these all-magical storage spaces. After nude photos of female celebrities were leaked , however, many began reconsidering their trust in the Cloud's security .
Ultimately, hackers who violate privacy are to blame for these acts, but perhaps now you will re-watch this Louis C.K. clip with a more critical eye than you did back in 2012.
Also on HuffPost:
Timeless Truth Bombs From Louis CK
of

Track company s actions before making equity investmentStory
Tracking the Moves
Shoaib Zaman      Follow @shobzm    Edition: September 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
Realms of paper, hours of broadcast and gigabytes of information are released everyday on various companies and whether they make for a good investment or not. Sure enough, each company has its own intricacies. But if there is one advice that every investment expert will vouch for, it is that investors should look at the quality of the management. That's easily said though. How and where does one begin checking the quality of management?
Experts suggest using a mix of qualitative and quantitative parameters to judge a company's management. So, here we look at how you can understand these factors before making an investment .
QUALITATIVE ASPECT
If a family's financial assessment begins with how effectively they use their monthly income, why should it be different for companies? Ravi Gopalakrishnan, head, equities, Canara Robeco Mutual Fund, looks at how well the management used capital. He says, "The ability of the management to deploy capital efficiently based on past track record needs to be evaluated. Raising capital periodically from the market or unrelated capital expenditure for new ventures should raise red flags."
Parag Parikh, director, Parag Parikh Financial Advisory Services (PPFAS) points at other attributes to consider: "We can observe factors like the treatment of minority shareholders," he says. He also advises to check how the management has dealt with acquisitions and try understanding the rationale behind them. "We can monitor management during lean times when the industry is under-performing. That's a good time to separate smart managements from the rest who will take advantage of the lean times to invest in new capacity for expected upturn," he adds.
'A company's consistent dividend track record helps us evaluate the ability of the management to reward shareholders.' , says Ravi Gopalakrishnan, Head, Equities at Canara Robeco Mutual Fund
QUALITATIVE ASPECT
"A company's consistent dividend track record helps us evaluate the ability of the management to reward shareholders," points Gopalakrishnan. "Consistency of returns ratios such as return on equity and assets and return on capital employed compared to industry average across different business cycles also helps us in understanding the efficiency of use of capital by the management", he adds. Meanwhile, Parikh adds that he also looks at working capital related metrics over a period of time, as it shows how the management constantly endeavours to avoid cash drain through good working capital management.
Vivek Mahajan, head, fundamental research, Aditya Birla Money, believes that one can get the historical record of all the key parameters of the company performance during good as well as bad times. "In case management is not able to disclose some data points in view of competition, it is acceptable," he adds. 
ANALYSING COMPANY ACTIONS
One of the most difficult parts is to figure out when the management has unintentionally made a mistake, and when they were involved in poor decision making or they are making decisions with malicious intent. The ability of management to identify the needs of the business in terms of capital requirements for new business opportunities or for expansion of existing capacity is an important criterion for evaluation. "Reporting false revenues, excessive related party transactions where the management-owned entities benefit the most, issuing increase in salary despite underperforming business, issuing warrants to key management that allows them to purchase shares at below-quoted market rate, making unnecessary purchases of trophy objects like helicopters/private jets with the company's funds, are ways that harm msinority shareholders," says Parikh. Mahajan adds: "Investors should get cautious when the top management indicates venturing into non-related business from the core business, without proper justification."
Also, while it is not possible for small investors to meet the management, experts point that one should meet the management to understand their intentions. Gopalakrishnan believes that if management is not approachable for small investors, evaluation can be done via channels through which they communicate. Attending annual general meetings, or going through the annual report, will give a perspective about the future course of management's.
Parikh further adds: "If an investor cannot meet the management and yet wants to understand the business & the management quality then he/she should interact with customers of that business, suppliers to that business, to get a good idea about how the management treats these entities. This adds another layer to our understanding about the management."

India manufacturing  services output expand at slower pace than China: HSBCApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Maruti to pay royalties to Suzuki in rupeesMaruti to make royalty payments to Suzuki in rupees for future models
Devidutta Tripathy     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 4, 2014  | 14:15 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Maruti Suzuki India , the country's largest carmaker, would make royalty payments due to parent Suzuki Motor Corp for all future models in rupee denominations to limit risks from foreign exchange fluctuations.
"On all future models the royalty will be expressed in rupees...and not (in) the yen so that we are not exposed to the variation in the exchange rate which has been happening in the past," Maruti Chairman RC Bhargava told shareholders at the company's annual general meeting in the national capital.
Maruti, which is over 56 per cent-owned by Suzuki, currently pays royalties in yen for use of technical know-how and its Japanese parent's brand name. The company paid Rs 24.86 billion ($412 million), or nearly 6 per cent of its net sales , in royalties for the year to March, according to its annual report for the year.
In February, some large domestic investment funds, challenging a plan by Maruti to source cars from a plant in Gujarat  to be built by Suzuki, said the royalty paid by Maruti to its Japanese parent was too high, a complaint made previously by minority investors.
Maruti, which has said it will take minority shareholders on board before progressing on the new Gujarat plant , expects the factory to be commissioned in 2017, chairman Bhargava said at the shareholder meeting.
Bhargava also said Maruti would invest in increasing its research and development capabilities, and the work done locally would be taken into account while calculating royalty payments.
"That will mean that our expenditure on R&D will get rewarded in terms of lower royalty rates," he said.
(Reuters)

Govt may consider auctioning eight coal blocksGovt may consider auctioning eight coal blocks
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 4, 2014  | 15:47 IST
Photo: Reuters
The government may consider auctioning eight coal mines which have reserves of 1,773 million tonnes (MT) and are located in Chhattisgarh, West Bengal, Jharkhand and Maharashtra.
The development comes at a time when Supreme Court had held that all coal blocks since 1993 have been allocated illegally and arbitrarily, bringing uncertainty to the fate of 218 block allocations.
Coal India's mine planning and consultancy firm Central Mine Planning and Design Institute (CMPDI) had recently "recommended to the Coal Ministry that eight coal blocks may be considered for auction," a source close to the development said.
The blocks are Kunur mine in West Bengal, Morga South A, Morga South B, Meguli mines and Phutamera in Chhattisgarh, Dahegaon Dhapewada and Kalambi Kalmeshwar blocks in Maharashtra, Karanpura Mahuamilan mine in Jharkhand, the source added.
The government had earlier asked CMPDI to submit the list of coal blocks which could be either auctioned or given through other routes and had also set up a nine-member panel, to identify more blocks for sale through competitive bidding, the source said.
Of the eight coal mines, just two blocks are explored, five are under exploration and one is unexplored, the source added.
Government had on Monday told the Supreme Court that it "wants re-auction of all 218 coal blocks" declared as illegal allocation but sought its indulgence to "exempt" 40 of them which are functional and ready for the end use power plants.
Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal had yesterday said that the government was awaiting the final decision of the Supreme Court on the coal block allocations and was prepared for any eventuality as it has its plans ready irrespective of any verdict.
The coal ministry had earlier said that it has cancelled the auction of three coal mines as issues related to certain clearances need to be "revisited".
The erstwhile UPA government had in February issued notice inviting applications, offering three coal blocks for mining to companies engaged in production of steel, cement and sponge iron.

Is the Gionee S5.5 worth your moneyGionee S5.5
Price: Rs 22,999
Specs: 5-inch display; 13 MP camera; 1.7 GHz octa core processor; 2 GB RAM; 16 GB onboard storage; Bluetooth 4.0
Right from the Elife E3, E5, E6 and E7, Gionee has come up with some fabulous smartphones. The company claims this one to be the world's slimmest smartphone and advertises it to be more than just a pretty phone.
The Gionee S5.5 is a sleek phone with aluminium alloy edges and glass panel at the front and the back. The smooth surface makes for a comfortable to grip. When launched, this smartphone ran on Android Jelly Bean but thankfully Gionee has released the KitKat update for the phone.
The performance is smooth but it did lag a few times while handling heavy graphic games. The phone packs in Bluetooth 4.0. As far as the camera goes, the results were just about average. The outdoor shots were good, but it isn't a performer in low light situations. The phone has got a non-removable battery, which failed to last even a single day.
Bag it or junk it: Consider Moto X over this one

Union Bank to raise Rs 1 386 cr through QIPUnion Bank to raise Rs 1,386 cr through QIP
PTI     Kolkata   Last Updated: September 4, 2014  | 16:39 IST
Union Bank of India (UBI) will raise Rs 1,386 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP) this financial year, its chairman and managing director Arun Tiwari said.
"We are planning to raise Rs 1,386 crore through QIP which we plan to raise in the second quarter of this fiscal. If not, then the money will be definitely raised by the end of this financial year", Tiwari told reporters on the sidelines of Ficci Banking Conclave in Kolkata on Thursday.
The bank had already got the approval of the shareholders and RBI in this regard, he said.
Stating that the bank's aim was to increase profitability and not just reducing NPAs, he said recovery had improved while incidences of bad assets had declined.
He said the bank sold Rs 325 crore worth of NPAs last fiscal.
On the recently launched JanDhan financial inclusion programme, Tiwari said that the bank had opened 9.95 lakh accounts under the scheme so far.
Tiwari said the bank was eyeing a business growth of 11-12 per cent this year, with 10 per cent in deposits and 12 per cent in advances.
The bank, he said, would soon upgrade its Sydney representative office into a full-fledged branch.
Tiwari said the contribution of overseas business was four per cent now. "We are aiming to take this to 8-10 10 per cent in the next five years", he said.

Tata JLR launches Land Rover Freelander 2 special editionTata JLR launches Land Rover Freelander 2 special edition at Rs 44.41 lakh
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 4, 2014  | 17:37 IST
Land Rover Freelander 2 (Photo: Reuters)
Tata Motors owned Jaguar Land Rover on Thursday launched a special edition of sports utility vehicle (SUV) Land Rover Freelander 2 priced at Rs 44.41 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai).
This new edition is powered by a 2.2 litre diesel engine and will be available only in limited numbers, the company said in a statement.
Commenting on the launch, Jaguar Land Rover India Vice President Rohit Suri said, "It will further endear the hugely popular model to our young and sophisticated customers looking to own an exclusive Land Rover with enhanced sporty looks."
The Freelander 2 Sterling Edition is equipped with sporty exterior features such as 17 inch five-split spoke alloy wheels, lower door claddings and a single tail pipe with bright finish among other features.

IS militants kidnap around 50 in North Iraq villagePress Trust of India | Kirkuk | Posted: September 4, 2014 6:40 pm
Jihadists kidnapped dozens of residents of a northern Iraq village on Thursday after villagers burned one of their positions along with a jihadist flag, police and witnesses said. The militants of the Islamic State (IS) group had withdrawn from Tal Ali in Kirkuk province yesterday, but returned in force on Thursday and abducted some 50 people, the sources said.
It is not the first time IS has carried out mass kidnappings in Iraq, with the group abducting thousands of civilians as it overran minority-populated northern villages last month, according to human rights group Amnesty International.
Amnesty has accused IS of “systematic ethnic cleansing,” including mass killings, of ethnic and religious minorities in Iraq. A senior UN rights official has said the group is responsible for “acts of inhumanity on an unimaginable scale.”
IS-led militants launched a lightning offensive in the north in June, sweeping through much of the Sunni Arab heartland north and west of Baghdad before turning on Christian and Yazidi areas. Iraqi security forces, now bolstered by thousands of Shiite militiamen as well as Kurdish fighters, have clawed back some ground northeast of Baghdad.
But significant areas, including parts of Kirkuk province, remain under militant control.

Kalyan Singh sworn in as 20th Governor of RajasthanChief Justice of Rajasthan High Court Sunil Ambwani administering oath of office to the new Governor Kalyan Singh at a swering-in -ceremony at Raj Bhawan in Jaipur. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Jaipur | Posted: September 4, 2014 2:05 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 8:47 am
Former chief minister of Uttar Pradesh, Kalyan Singh, was on Thursday sworn-in as the 20th Governor of Rajasthan. Chief Justice of Rajasthan High Court Sunil Ambwani administered the oath of office to Singh at a ceremony held at Raj Bhawan in Jaipur.
Before that, Chief Secretary Rajiv Mehirshi read out the warrant of appointment issued by the President.
Assembly Speaker Kailash Meghwal, Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje and senior officers were present on the occasion.
Enthusiast party workers shouted slogans ‘jai shree ram’ and ‘vande matram’ when Singh was taking the oath. He was also given a guard of honour.
U P Governor Ram Naik was holding the additional charge of Rajasthan before the appointment of Kalyan Singh.
Naik was given the additional charge of Rajasthan after Margaret Alva completed her term on August 5.

Post prohibition  six out of 10 domestic travellers plan to skip KeralaPost prohibition, six out of 10 domestic travellers plan to skip Kerala
Soubhik Mitra , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 04, 2014
First Published: 20:38 IST(4/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:46 IST(5/9/2014)
Nearly six out of 10 Indian travellers who are planning holidays to Kerala could call off their trips after the upcoming prohibition on liquor sales in the state, a 30-city survey has found.
 
Around 58% of respondents said that they would not plan a vacation to ‘God’s Own Country’ after the state decided to ban sales of liquor, excepting some hotels. Last week, the Kerala government proposed a new liquor policy which stated that only five-star properties in the state would be permitted to serve alchohol which meant that hundreds of liquor vendors and permit rooms selling alchohol in the state would be forced to pull down their shutters forever. Even as the policy permitted 5-star hotels to offer bar service looking with an eye on the state’s massive tourism revenues conditions such as mandatory dry days on Sundays could coax travellers to avoid the destination, said travel operators.
 
“Kerala is usually a long weekend destination for domestic travellers. As a result having dry days on Sunday would impact the holidaymakers’ decision,” said a Colaba-based travel operator requesting anonymity.
 
Travellers agree. City based frequent traveller Raju Pillai said that he would prefer a Goa over Kerala if the ban comes into effect. "It is logical to pick a destination such as Goa which offers all kinds of staying option as against spending too much at a 5-star property in Kerala," said the 31-year-old working with an IT-enabled services firm in Goregaon.
 
Travel advisory portal, HolidayIQ.com, conducted the survey by distributing online questionnaires among that polled 5000 domestic travellers. The survey also said that a majority of male respondents (61%) were perturbed by the liquor ban while only a minority  of women travellers (37%) were agitated about the ban.Among metro cities vacationers from Delhi were most upset (72%) with the prohibition followed by Mumbai (68%) and Bangalore (64%).
 
According to data from Kerala tourism department foreign tourists arrivals in the state increased by 8.12% to 8.58 lakh and domestic travellers grew by 7.75% to 1.08 crore until 2013. Nationally, the state stood seventh in drawing foreign tourists according to data from the union ministry of tourism. Tourism earned revenues worth Rs. 22,926 crores (both direct and indirect) indicating an increase of 12.22% between 2012 and 2013, the data added.

U.S. private sector jobs are coming backPrivate sector jobs are coming back
By Tami Luhby  @Luhby September 4, 2014: 11:11 AM ET
Private employers have hired more than 1 million people in the last five months.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
It's been a good summer for jobs. Private employers added 204,000 new workers in August, payroll processing firm ADP ( ADP ) said Thursday.
That marks the fifth straight month of companies adding at least 200,000 new hires to their payrolls. To put it another way, over one million jobs have been added in the private sector since April.
"Steady as she goes in the job market," said Mark Zandi, chief economist of Moody's Analytics.
The especially encouraging news is that businesses of all sizes and across all industries are hiring.
Jobs that pay middle wages , such as in government or manufacturing, are also on the rise now, Zandi said. Job gains early in the economic recovery were fueled by low-wage employment and later followed by higher-paying positions.
Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen has expressed concerns over the lack of wage growth for many Americans.
 
Hardest hit job starts a comeback: Construction
The August private jobs figure came in slightly below CNNMoney's economist forecast for 217,000 jobs added in the private sector. But several economists said it would not affect their predictions for the much anticipated Department of Labor monthly jobs report that will be released Friday morning.
Economists surveyed by CNNMoney predict the U.S. government report will show the American economy added 226,000 jobs in August and the unemployment rate will slip to 6.1%, down from the current 6.2% rate.
In a related report Thursday, initial jobless claims rose ticked up slightly to 302,000 during the week ending August 30. The weekly numbers can vary widely, but the monthly average is around 300,000, down a good bit from this time last year.
The recent claims data "continue to paint a relatively upbeat picture" about the jobs market, said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan Chase.
First Published: September 4, 2014: 11:11 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Eco homes that cut costs  save energyEco homes that cut costs, save energy
Chetan Chauhan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 00:32 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:02 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
A four-storey home in Delhi or elsewhere can run on minimum thermal power from the grid if the new guidelines for energy efficient homes issued by the ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE) are implemented.
The voluntary guidelines for the residential sector in hot and humid areas recommends 15 energy efficient features for homes including installation of solar rooftop panels and solar water heaters that can substantially reduce energy requirement annually.  
“If all the features are incorporated in homes up to four-storey buildings the requirement of energy from external sources would be bare minimum,” said Sameer Maithel, who had developed the guidelines under Indo-Swiss Building Energy Efficient Project. “Taller buildings will require more thermal power as roof-top solar generation capacity will remain limited”.
Implementing some of the measures like proper ventilation, use of light colour on walls and proper wall-to-window ratio would result in substantial savings on power consumption. About 20% of the cooling energy can be saved if internal and external walls have light colours and windows have extended overhangs. Use of insulation on walls and double glaze glass panes could result in saving of up to 50% electricity needed for cooling.
Ajay Mathur, director general of Bureau of Energy Efficiency — the statutory office for energy efficiency in India — said the cooling requirement of a room in a middle class home will go down from a 1.5 tonne air conditioner to a one tonne AC if the measures for one’s bedroom are adopted. And it would translate into about 30 to 50% less energy consumption for cooling.
A big bottleneck for implementing the guideline was removed by Delhi Electricity Regulatory Authority (DERC) on Tuesday — the day the guidelines were launched — by announcing net metering system for Delhi.

AP capital to be located around Vijayawada: Naidupublic works & infrastructure
"This decision of the Cabinet is a reflection of the popular sentiment", says the Andhra Pradesh CM
It’s official. Vijayawada and the surrounding VGTM (Vijayawada, Guntur, Tenali and Mangalagiri) region will be the new capital of Andhra Pradesh. The city happens to be a vital rail-road junction besides having air and port connectivity.
Stating this in the Andhra Pradesh Assembly at 11.10 a.m. on Thursday, Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu said, “The Cabinet has decided on Sept.1, 2014 to locate the capital city in a central place of the State around Vijayawada and to go for decentralised development with three mega cities and 14 smart cities.”
Land pooling
For the acquisition of land, the government will go for pooling system to be worked out by the Cabinet sub-committee, he added.
The announcement was not a smooth affair for Mr Naidu as the Opposition felt the government was favouring a section of people and insisted on a debate. Irate opposition members forced adjournments.
YSR Congress party, the main Opposition, felt the capital should be located where over 30,000 acres government land was available so that public utilities including housing for common man may not be an expensive affair. However, the YSRCP chief Y. S. Jaganmohan Reddy said he would support Naidu’s decision.
Promises galore
Mr Naidu announced sops for each district that may warrant an outlay of over Rs. 5 lakh crore altogether according to industry estimates. Three international airports at Visakhapatnam, Vijayawada and Tirupati and nine regional airports in different districts are on the anvil.

BJD MP Hamendra Chandra Singh dies  four days after suffering heart attackSingh was put on ventilator after he suffered heart attack.
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:25 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 9:08 am
Hemendra Chandra Singh, Biju Janata Dal (BJP) MP from Kandhamal Lok Sabha constituency and scion of Nayagarh royal family, passed away on Thursday night at a private hospital in Bhubaneswar.
Singh, 46, was admitted in a city-based private hospital on Monday after he complained of chest pain and difficulty in breathing. His condition turned critical as he developed multiple organ failure following septicaemia.
He slipped into coma and was put on ventilator. A team of experts from AIIMS examined him and wanted to fly him to New Delhi through Air Ambulance. But it was ruled out after his condition deteriorated.
He is survived by his wife, a son and daughter.
Singh, a fomer Congress leader, had joined BJD before this year’s Lok Sabha election and was given a ticket for Kandhamal. It was his maiden entry to Lok Sabha. A passout from Rajkumar College, Singh was a stockbroker.

Oxford University develops first global norms for baby growthprint
The first international standards for fetal growth and newborn size have been developed by a global team led by scientists from Oxford University, depicting the desirable pattern of healthy growth for all babies everywhere, regardless of their ethnicity or country of birth.
The standards have been developed as part of an international project that included participation of pregnant women in India.
They provide 3rd, 10th, 50th, 90th and 97th centile curves for the growth of a baby during pregnancy (as measured by ultrasound) and for a baby's size at birth according to gestational age (weight, length and head circumference).
Now, for the first time, all 120 million babies born each year across the world can be assessed using a common set of standards, reflecting how babies should grow when mothers have adequate health, nutrition, medical care and socio-economic status.
This means it will be possible to detect underweight and overweight babies early in life no matter where in the world they are born, a university release said.
"Being able to identify millions of additional undernourished babies at birth provides an opportunity for them to receive nutritional support and targeted treatment, without which close to 5% are likely to die in their first year or develop severe, long-term health problems," says senior author Professor Jose Villar of Oxford University.
The international standards - one for the growing fetus and the other for newborns - are published in two papers in the medical journal The Lancet. They were developed as part of the landmark INTERGROWTH-21st Project, funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, which took over 300 clinicians and researchers from 27 institutions across the world six years to complete.
Poor growth in the womb resulting in small size at birth is associated with illness and death in infancy and childhood. It also impacts on adult health with increased risks of diabetes, high blood pressure and cardiovascular disease. Smaller babies result in substantial costs for health services and they are a significant economic burden on society as a whole.
Being born overweight is also a worsening problem, particularly in developed and emerging countries, as a result of rising maternal obesity rates due to overnutrition. Overweight babies are at increased risk of diabetes and high blood pressure later in life.
At present, over 100 different, locally produced, growth charts are used around the world to assess fetal growth and newborn size. These only describe how babies grew in a particular population or region at a given time. International standards, on the other hand, describe what can be achieved with optimally healthy growth.
The researchers calculate that, each year, at least 13 million more newborns worldwide will be identified as being undernourished using their international standards. These babies are now considered 'normal', when local charts adapted for undernourished populations are used.
The INTERGROWTH-21st Project involved almost 60,000 pregnant women in eight well-defined urban areas in Brazil, China, India, Italy, Kenya, Oman, the UK and USA. From this very large number, over 4,600 healthy, well-nourished women with problem-free pregnancies were enrolled to construct the standards.

US had warned Delhi of Qaeda s designs in Augustprint
The United States alerted India about al Qaeda’s plans to expand operations into the Indian sub-continent in late August, sources said on Thursday, as part of the two countries’ close intelligence cooperation that is set to become stronger during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Washington later this month.
Government sources told HT that al Qaeda chief Ayman al Zawahri’s video statement did not come as a surprise to Indian agencies, which see it as a response to the growing clout of ISIS among Islamic radicals.
“Zawahri’s statement of launching al Qaeda in the Indian sub-continent is a desperate attempt to stop the radicals from gravitating towards the so-called caliphate declared by ISIS’ Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi,” said a top Indian counter-terror operative.
“This is not only competitive jihad but also an attempt by al Qaeda to recapture lost ground among Sunni Muslim radicals. It is a matter of serious concern to India as the new branch will launch terror attacks as spectacular and gruesome as ISIS’ beheading tapes.”
“Zawahri fell out with al-Baghdadi over the question of support to the al Nusra group in Syria in 2011.
Read: Asim Umar, man who will head South Asia branch of al Qaeda
The internal security establishment has taken Zawahri’s tape very seriously with counter-terror agencies directly talking to state police chiefs on Thursday and asking them to take pro-active steps in case radicals decide to fly al Qaeda flags in support.
Already, ISIS flags have been seen in Kashmir Valley and on T-shirts worn by some Muslim youth in Tamil Nadu. “A country-wide alert by the multi-agency centre has been sounded since morning and efforts are being made to reach out to (the) Muslim community to report in case youth are being radicalized in the name of al Qaeda,” said a senior home ministry official.
While the US tip-off to the Research and Analysis Wing (RA&W) gave Indian agencies extra time to prepare for the new al Qaeda branch, South Block is seriously looking at setting up a joint group on countering violent extremism (CVE) so that critical information on radical Salafi groups could be shared in real time.
“The purpose of CVE interaction is to study the way US is preparing legislative framework against Muslim youth joining global jihad with ISIS in Iraq and see whether a similar variation can be applied in India,” said an intelligence official.
Read: States on alert after al Qaeda announces India wing
Counter-terrorism officials expect Zawahiri will use the al Qaeda-affiliated, Af-Pak-based Ansar ul Tauhid group for attacks in the sub-continent, particularly as its members were earlier with the Indian Mujahideen.
Ansar ul Tauhid was set up after Indian radicals from Azamgarh and Bhatkal broke away from IM founders Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal, due to interference from Pakistan’s ISI in selecting Indian targets, and joined al Qaeda.

NRN regains no.1 spot in Most Powerful CEOs list |  Infy is like my middle childNR Narayana Murthy regains top spot in most powerful CEOs list, dislodges Mukesh Ambani to second position
Dibeyendu Ganguly, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.46AM IST
Tags:
Azim Premji
(Now in its 10th year,…)
MUMBAI: Last year, there was a chorus of disapproval when NR Narayana Murthy returned from an emeritus role to take charge as executive chairman of Infosys, with son Rohan designated as his executive assistant.
As it turned out, Murthy's term ended in about a year, wrapped up neatly with the appointment of his company's first 'outside' CEO. Corporate India has endorsed Murthy's performance the second time round at Infosys by voting him No. 1 in the 'India Inc's Most Powerful CEOs' listing. Murthy displaces last year's No. 1Mukesh Ambani of Reliance Industries , who slips to 2.
Now in its 10th year, The Economic Times India Inc's Most Powerful CEOs listing is based on a survey conducted by IMRB International.
More than 500 executives evaluate CEOs
More than 500 corporate executives of the rank of vice-president, general manager and above are asked to evaluate CEOs on parameters such as performance, leadership, stature, social contribution and governance. Murthy topped the rankings for the first three years of the survey, then ceded the position to Ratan Tata, who held it for three years in a row.
But Murthy has always remained in the top three, until he was dropped as a contender when he took a back-seat at Infosys and KV Kamath was appointed chairman of Infosys in 2011.
Now designated non-executive chairman, Murthy is back to playing a handsoff role. "Infosys is like my middle child, so when the board invited me to return and add value to the company, I could not say no, though some people said there would be no upside for me in this," he says. "Leadership is about doing the right thing, even if it means going against a vast number of naysayers and mediocre people."
The Most Powerful CEOs listing is based largely on the ET 500, so a large turnover, asset base and market capitalisation definitely enhance a CEO's chances of making it to the top of the class. At No. 7, ICICI Bank's Chanda Kochhar is the highest ranking woman. In a top10 dominated by promoters -- Kumar Mangalam Birla , Azim Premji , Anil Ambani, Anand Mahindra --she is also the highest-ranked professional CEO, followed by Natarajan Chandrasekaran of TCS , who is at No. 9. "I've probably been voted in because of my job. Banks are the catalyst for the country's economic growth and have the capability to make an impact.
That would be the reason why bank CEOs would be considered powerful," Kochhar says.
Still, when it comes to the top 20, the public perception of the CEO does count. Though he now heads one of India's most important business houses, Cyrus Mistry is just outside the top 10 at 11, up from 13 last year. Meanwhile, Gautam Adani's ranking in business has climbed almost in tandem with Narendra Modi's ascent in politics. Adani has vaulted to No. 13, up from 30 last year.
Another promoter CEO who has zoomed up the rankings is Dilip Shanghvi , who is now at 17, up from 56 last year. Sun Pharma was named Company of the Year at the last ET Awards for Corporate Excellence and Shanghvi has subsequently been in the news for his ongoing takeover of Ranbaxy .
And finally, there's Flipkart, whose Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal make their debut in the list at 51. They are one notch above SK Roy, chairman of Life Insurance Corp. of India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Most powerful CEOs | Top MNC CEOs | Powerful...You are here: Home > Collections
India Inc's Power List: Most powerful CEOs of 2014
ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 10.21AM IST
(The Economic Times Corporate…)
The Economic Times Corporate Dossier presents India Inc's definitive power listing.
Here is a list of India Inc's 10 most powerful CEOs 2014:
This list has top 100 CEOs:
FEATURED ARTICLES

Barclays taps vein biometrics in bank fraud fightSep 05, 2014, 08.35 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Barclays taps vein biometrics in bank fraud fight
The British bank said it has teamed up with Japanese technology firm Hitachi to develop a biometric reader that scans a finger and identifies unique vein patterns to access accounts, instead of using a password or PIN.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Barclays taps vein biometrics in bank fraud fight
The British bank said it has teamed up with Japanese technology firm Hitachi to develop a biometric reader that scans a finger and identifies unique vein patterns to access accounts, instead of using a password or PIN.
Post your opinion here
 
Barclays is launching a finger scanner for corporate clients and will roll out voice recognition for millions of retail clients next year as it steps up use of biometric recognition technology to combat banking fraud.
The British bank said it has teamed up with Japanese technology firm Hitachi to develop a biometric reader that scans a finger and identifies unique vein patterns to access accounts, instead of using a password or PIN.
Vein recognition technology is used by some banks in Japan and elsewhere at ATM machines, but Barclays said it is the first bank globally to use it for significant account transactions.
Barclays said it is the start of a ramp up in its use of biometrics to provide safer verification systems that cut fraud risks from customers sharing or choosing obvious passwords, or forgetting PINs.
"Biometrics is the way to go in the future. We have no doubt about that, we are committed to it," said Ashok Vaswani, chief executive of Barclays personal and corporate banking.
Vaswani said Barclays was improving technology and security, but criminals were also getting more sophisticated.
"You can't let these guys create a breach in the dam. You've got to constantly stay ahead of the game," he told Reuters.
Britain's private companies lost 21 billion pounds (USD 34.5 billion) from fraud in 2012 and financial firms suffered 5.4 billion pounds of that, according to National Fraud Authority estimates.
SOPHISTICATED HACKERS
Banks are coming under particular scrutiny amid evidence of increasing attacks from sophisticated hackers.
Wall Street bank JP Morgan last month said it was working with US law enforcement authorities to investigate a possible cyber attack, after the FBI said it was looking into reports on a spate of attacks on US banks.
Royal Bank of Scotland and other UK banks have suffered serious attacks by hackers in the last two years and are trying to strengthen their defences from coordinated attacks and other more routine fraud.
Barclays said its vein authentication technology will be rolled out to corporate customers next year and it expects strong take-up from its 30,000 large corporate clients.
The finger scanner, which looks like a mini Star Wars Stormtrooper helmet, sits on the customer's desk and plugs into a computer. The vein pattern is matched with one stored on a SIM card, so Barclays does not hold a record. The scanned finger has to be attached to a live human body to work.
The bank launched voice recognition biometrics for private banking clients last year and Vaswani said rolling that out more widely to retail clients "will definitely happen in 2015" and the bank was exploring other opportunities.
That could include using similar technology on mobile tablets, which is the fastest growing area for European banks, or at ATMs. (USD 1 = 0.6081 British Pounds)
RELATED NEWS

As blackout fears loom  Modi faces his stiffest challengeReuters |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 08:26 AM IST
As blackout fears loom, Modi faces his stiffest challenge
As coal stocks at thermal plants fall to critical levels, economic recovery could be hit
Narendra Modi took decisive action as chief minister of Gujarat to secure round-the-clock supplies of electricity. Now, as prime minister of India, he is under attack for failing to avert a national power crisis.
More than half of India's thermal power stations have less than a week's supply of fuel - the lowest levels since mid-2012 when hundreds of millions of people were cut off in one of the world's worst blackouts.
Coal stocks at thermal stations have hit critical levels as payment disputes escalate, unleashing power cuts that could choke off an economic recovery before it takes hold and hurt Modi's prospects at forthcoming state elections.
 
ALSO READ:  Coal shortage: Window dressing statistics for a crisis
Financial metropolis Mumbai was plunged into darkness for most of Tuesday, amid a row between private generators and regional distributors that is symptomatic of an industry mired in debt and arrears of at least $100 billion.
It's a headache for Modi that experts say will only get worse. His government is resisting political pressure for a bailout, just two years after a rescue by the last government that it denounces as a "farce".
"The moment I start with financial assistance for one state, all the states will be asking me," Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal told reporters on Wednesday as he marked a rocky first 100 days in the job.
 
ALSO READ:  Don't blame Coal India
"States have to improve their own systems. I can't fund their coal purchases," said Goyal, who is mediating in payment disputes in an attempt to mitigate the power crisis.
Prithviraj Chavan, chief minister of Maharashtra, has from Mumbai pointed the finger of blame at Modi, who won election by a landslide in May with promises of economic reforms, new jobs and dynamic growth.
"The centre is responsible," said Chavan. He added that he urged Modi two weeks ago to call crisis talks on the power industry, but says New Delhi "has not taken serious note".
Maharashtra is one of several states that are at odds with New Delhi on power and coal supplies, and will soon hold elections. Modi's nationalist party hopes to boost its strength in the upper house of parliament, where it lacks a majority.
ACHILLES' HEEL
Since Modi took power, coal stocks at thermal power stations that generate three-fifths of India's power have nearly halved to just six days' cover. Of 100 plants, 56 are now 'critical' with less than a week's supply.
 
ALSO READ:  Coal shortage at power stations worsens
The shortages have arisen not because India lacks coal - it has reserves of 61 billion tonnes. Nor does India consume much power: per capita use is one-seventeenth of the US level, and 400 million Indians have no electricity at all.
What India does have is a mismatch between the regulated price at which power is sold and the cost of producing it, which is typically 20-30% higher.
As a result, the power sector is caught in a debt trap, leaving generators unable to scrape together the cash to buy fuel from Coal India, a state behemoth that successive governments have shied away from restructuring.
"We have a bizarre situation where there is demand for power from distributors without the ability to purchase. Generating capacity is stuck without a contract or the fuel," said Debasish Mishra, a senior director and energy expert at Deloitte.
 
The situation "might precipitate quite fast into a crisis," said Mishra, urging the opening up of coal production to competition and amending power tariffs to properly take into account the cost of fuel.
MODI MODEL
Modi tackled a similar power crisis in 2005 as premier of Gujarat - with a population the size of Britain - with measures that experts say would work in India today.
His state government assumed existing power company debts, freed the firms of populist pressures that kept power tariffs artificially low and clamped down on rampant electricity theft.
As a result, Gujarat is now a surplus power producer.
Doing the same at a national level would, however, be tough as responsibility for power is shared between the 'centre' and India's 29 federal states. The problem is a lot bigger too.
The industry has racked up bank debts of Rs 5 trillion ($84 billion), according to central bank figures. Debts owed by distributors totalled $18 billion in 2012, the year of the last rescue. Coal India's receivables are $1.4 billion.
Worse, the World Bank estimates that annual losses in the Indian power sector could rise to $27 billion by 2017 without action to tackle wasteful subsidies, power theft and political meddling.
 Advertisements

Markets rangebound  Nifty above 8100; BPCL  Airtel top gainersYou are here: Home > Collections
Markets rangebound, Nifty reclaims 8,100 levels; BPCL, Bharti Airtel top gainers
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 5, 2014, 09.25AM IST
Tags:
ACC
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index reclaimed its crucial psychological level of 8,100 in trade on Friday, led by gains in BPCL , Bharti Airtel , NMDC , ACC and Asian Paints.
Tracking the momentum, the S&P BSE Sensex also managed to rally over 70 points, supported by gains in consumer durable, power and IT stocks.
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,149, up 63 points or 0.24 per cent. It touched a high of 27,155.25 and a low of 27,116.31 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,110.20 up 14 points or 0.18 per cent. It touched an intraday high of 8,117.25 and a low of 8099.90.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.45 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.45 per cent.
Inosys (up 1.7 per cent), TCS (up 1..1 per cent), Wipro (up 1.05 per cent), TCS (up 0.60 per cent) and Hindalco (up 0.68 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
HDFC (down 1 per cent), BHEL (down 0.66 per cent),GAIL India (down 0.42 per cent), and ITC (down 0.46 per cent), were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Many scam accused under CBI lens frequent visitors at Ranjit Sinhas residenceMany scam accused 'visited' Ranjit Sinha’s house
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 01:39 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 11:28 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
CBI director Ranjit Sinha may have claimed before the Supreme Court that the media was invading his privacy by publishing names of those who frequented his residence, but a scrutiny of a copy of the guest register kept at his 2, Janpath, residence makes it clear that many of his visitors were prominent people entangled in his agency’s investigations, raising questions of a possible conflict of interest.
While the CBI was probing the coal scam, Vijay Darda and his son Devendra – both accused in the case — visited Sinha’s home, according to the guest book. While Vijay met him in January 2014, Devendra visited Sinha 10 times between February and April 2014. The agency filed a chargesheet against the Dardas in the coal scam on March 27, 2014, sources said.
Similarly, Tony Jesudasan and AN Sethuraman of the Reliance Anil Dhirubai Ambani Group (ADAG) – whose three officials are facing trial in the 2G case – seemed frequent visitors. Jesudasan’s name appears at least 23 times against entries made between May 2013 and August 2014, while Sethuraman’s name appears 25 times against entries made between June 2013 and August 2014, the sources said.
Read: Sinha rules out resignation, says did nothing wrong
The name of Mahendra Nahata, managing director of Himachal Futuristics Communications Ltd, appears 64 times against entries made between May 2013 and August 2014. Nahata came under the CBI’s scanner with regard to Datacom Services, one of the alleged beneficiaries of the 2G scam, sources said.
The register is full of entries against the name of Moin Qureshi, the alleged hawala operator and Kanpur-based meat exporter who was raided by the IT department earlier this year. Many entries refer to him as ‘Qureshiji.’ Former CBI director AP Singh, believed close to Qureshi, is said to have visited Sinha on February 3, 2014 and April 22, 2014.
Names of politicians in the book include that of former law minister Salman Khurshid, former minister Subodh Kant Sahay, Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda.
The SC has asked advocate Prashant Bhushan, also the 2G scam petitioner, to file an affidavit along with a copy of the visitors’ logbook and the matter will be taken up on Monday.

DCM Shriram Buys Back 34 Lakh SharesYou are here: Home Market
DCM Shriram Buys Back 34 Lakh Shares for Rs 30 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 04, 2014 20:42 (IST)
Wockhardt Shares Gain on Unit Merger Plan
New Delhi:
DCM Shriram today said it has purchased back more than 34 lakh shares for Rs 30 crore from its shareholders.
In February this year, the company had announced that it would buy back shares for total consideration not exceeding Rs 135 crore, with an aim to optimise value for the shareholders of the company.
"The Company has bought back 34,87,183 equity shares of Rs 2 each fully paid,...up to September 4, 2014, under the buyback offer..," DCM Shriram said in a BSE filing.
As on June 2014, the promoter and promoter group had 63.88 per cent stake in the company.
It had reported 56 per cent increase in its consolidated net profit during the first quarter to Rs 177.33 crore.
Shares of the company today closed at Rs 215.05 per piece up by 3.86 per cent on BSE today.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 20:41 (IST)

Gross Non-performing Assets of PSU banks to Be About 4.4% in FY 15: ICRAApple Unveils the Watch, Larger iPhones at Star-Studded Event
New Delhi:
Asset quality for public sector banks will remain a concern with gross non-performing assets (NPAs) expected to remain at elevated level of about 4.4 per cent in the current fiscal despite the revival in the economy, says a report.
PSU banks' gross NPAs are to be at 4.4-4.7 per cent as on March 31, 2015, as against 4.4 per cent as on March 31, 2014 and 4.6 per cent as on June 30, 2014, said the ICRA report.
"Overall, the Gross NPAs of the banking sector (PSBs and private banks) could be at 4-4.2 per cent as in March 2015, as against 3.9 per cent as in March 2014 and 4 per cent as in June 2014," it said.
During Q1, 2014-15, GDP grew by 5.7 per cent in year-on- year, as against 4.6 per cent in the previous two quarters, following pickup in industrial growth.
ICRA expects GDP growth to improve to 5.3-5.5 per cent in 2014-15 from 4.7 per cent in the previous fiscal.
Manufacturing output rose 3.5 per cent in first quarter, after having contracted by 1.4 per cent in the previous quarter.
However, it said, these are early positive signs and the sustainability of these indicators would hold the key to revival in credit growth as well as improvement in banks' asset quality profile.
The y-o-y growth figures for banks' domestic credit and deposits remain moderate, respectively, at 12.8 per cent and 12.4 per cent in the first quarter of the current fiscal.
The report said, the rate of generation of fresh non-performing assets (NPAs) remained elevated for PSBs (3.5 per cent), and as result, their gross NPAs increased by 20 basis points to 4.6 per cent in the first quarter; the NPAs of private banks also increased by 20 basis points to 2 per cent for the same quarter.
However, there was a significant drop in fresh referrals to the CDR Cell for restructuring during April-June quarter.
"If the current trend were to continue, one may expect some containment of the standard restructured book. The standard restructured book is relatively large at more than 6 per cent for PSBs and over 5 per cent for the banking system as a whole as of June 30, 2014." it said.
Overall, the Gross NPA percentage plus 30 per cent of standard restructured advances remains large at 5.5-5.7 per cent (around Rs 3.5-3.7 lakh crore as of June 2014) and may continue to impact profitability over the short term.
"Going forward, in addition to economic activity, management of one large steel exposure (estimated at 0.6 per cent of banking credit), the Supreme Court's decision on coal blocks, and deleveraging efforts by large corporate groups, among other factors, could shape the asset quality profile of banks," it said.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 20:32 (IST)

Now  a printer that lets you search and print from the netApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

US says Al-Qaedas new India branch not a threat  committed to dismantling theoutfitThe creation of the group called "Qaedat al-Jihad in the Indian Subcontinent" was announced by As Sahab, al-Qaeda's official media outlet, in a lengthy video posted on social media sites including YouTube. (Source: Reuters)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 5, 2014 9:59 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 10:55 am
The announcement by al-Qaeda that it has formed a branch for operating in India is not an indication of the terrorist outfit gaining new capabilities, the US on Friday said, asserting that it is committed to dismantling the group.
“We do not regard the announcement as an indication of new capabilities by al-Qaeda, which has long been active throughout the region,” Caitlin Hayden, spokesperson of the National Security Council at the White House, said.
“We have seen the reports of al-Qaeda’s new branch on the Indian subcontinent. The US remains committed to dismantling al-Qaeda and ensuring that it never again poses a threat to the American people,” she said in response to a question.
The US, she said, has robust counterterrorism partnerships in the region to combat al-Qaeda’s destabilising influence, to deny it safe haven, to counter violent extremism, and to build resilience against terrorist groups.
After the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, co-operation between the US and India on counter-terrorism issues has increased significantly.
This is expected to be one of the key topics of discussion between the two countries when Prime Minister Narendra Modi travels to Washington later this month to meet President Barack Obama.
“We have seriously degraded al-Qaeda in the region, and will continue our efforts against the group and affiliates that pose a threat to the American people,” Hayden said.
The creation of the group called “Qaedat al-Jihad in the Indian Subcontinent” was announced by As Sahab, al-Qaeda’s official media outlet, in a lengthy video posted on social media sites including YouTube.
Al-Qaeda is active in Afghanistan and Pakistan, but the group’s leader Ayman al Zawahiri said ‘Qaedat al-Jihad’ would take the fight to India, Myanmar and Bangladesh.
US officials said the core of al-Qaeda has been decimated.
“When we talk about core al-Qaeda, it’s al-Qaeda’s senior leadership in the tribal areas primarily of Pakistan, also some in Afghanistan, and that core leadership has been decimated. That’s a fact,” State Department Deputy spokesperson Marie Harf said.
“The core of al-Qaeda’s leadership except for Zawahiri, of the senior leadership in al-Qaeda in Pakistan has been taken off the battlefield,” she said.
“We’ve constantly at the same time said we’re concerned if they try to undertake operations in other places, if they as we know have affiliated groups in other places. So we’re concerned about it. Again, we don’t regard this announcement as an indication of any new capabilities by al-Qaeda,” she said.

West prepares for fresh raft of RussiasanctionsBarack Obama stands with NATO heads of state and government including Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite and NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen, front left, at a NATO summit dinner. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Newport (uk) | Posted: September 5, 2014 9:51 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 9:56 am
NATO leaders are expected to announce a raft of fresh sanctions against Russia on Friday over its actions in Ukraine, although hopes remain that a ceasefire can be forged at peace talks in Minsk on the same day.
The leaders are heading into the second and final day of a NATO summit in Newport, Wales that has been labelled the most critical since the end of the Cold War for the Western military alliance as it addresses a multitude of crises from Ukraine to Iraq to Afghanistan.
They agreed on Thursday to set up new funds to help Ukraine’s military effort and treat wounded soldiers in a five-month conflict that has seen more than 2,600 people killed.
EU and US officials said sanctions against Russia would be announced on Friday in response to a major escalation of Russian military support to the rebels in eastern Ukraine in recent days.
But they added implementation could be delayed pending the ceasefire talks in Minsk.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko voiced “careful optimism” about the talks, which will be attended by Russia and pro-Moscow rebels.
NATO leaders are also expected to approve plans to position troops and military equipment in Eastern Europe to reassure ex-Soviet bloc member states unnerved by Russia’s recent actions in Ukraine.
“While talking about peace, Russia has not made one single step to make peace possible,” NATO chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen said after Ukraine-focused talks at the leaders’ summit yesterday.
“Instead of de-escalating the crisis, Russia has only deepened it,” he said, adding that previous Russian statements on peace had been “a smokescreen for continued Russian destabilisation of the situation”.
But Rasmussen left open the door to a seven-point peace plan put forward on Wednesday by Russian President Vladimir Putin, saying: “If we are witnessing genuine efforts for a political solution, I would welcome it”.
Poroshenko said he was hopeful about the plan because the initiative had come from pro-Moscow rebel leaders in eastern Ukraine.
But he added that political talks would be a “tough challenge”, warning that Ukraine’s independence and territorial integrity were “not for negotiation”.

TechM hits 52-week high on order win from BombardierBombardier
(The IT services firm said…)
NEW DELHI: Tech Mahindra Ltd rallied as much as 2.3 per cent in trade on Friday to hit its fresh 52-week high of Rs 2521.80, after the IT services firm said it has secured an engineering solutions deal with Canadian aerospace and transportation company Bombardier.
At 09:50 a.m.; Tech Mahindra was trading 1.7 per cent higher at Rs 2508.35. It hit a low of Rs 2479.55 and a 52-week high of Rs 2521.80 in trade today.
In a statement to PTI, Tech Mahindra said: "It has signed an agreement with Bombardier Aerospace . As part of this engagement, Tech Mahindra will provide engineering solutions to Bombardier."
As per the report financial details of the contract were not disclosed.
Both companies have signed a mutual agreement that will lead Tech Mahindra to work with Bombardier globally, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tortured Indian woman flees SaudiNEW DELHI, September 4, 2014
Updated: September 4, 2014 21:19 IST
Tortured Indian woman flees Saudi
Pheroze L. Vincent
Tweet
Basanti Devi, who was tortured by her employers in Saudi Arabia and later repatriated, shows the injury marks on her hand during a media interaction in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: V. Sudershan
Basanti Devi, who was tortured by her employers in Saudi Arabia and later repatriated, shows the injury marks on her hand during a media interaction in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
human trafficking
Her daughter Kanchan, a mother of two, also managed to escape from her employers, but is being held at the Saudi Welfare Housemaid Deportation Centre in Riyadh.
She was promised seven times her monthly salary of Rs.8,000 she earned cleaning malls in Hyderabad, if she went to Saudi Arabia. However, on reaching there her hand was scalded with boiling water, her arm was broken and she spent almost two months at a detention centre.
Yet 50-year-old Basanti Devi, an illiterate Dalit woman from Bihar’s Lakhisarai district, was able to escape from the clutches of her employers and reach home without any help from the Indian government. “I consider myself lucky. Other women at the detention centre told me that they were sexually abused and tortured by their employers in ways that I am ashamed to tell,” she told The Hindu.
This paper had last month reported that Basanti and her daughter Kanchan, whose family currently stays in Hyderabad, had been duped into forced labour in Saudi Arabia. Thirty-year old Kanchan, a mother of two, managed to escape and is being held at the Saudi Welfare Housemaid Deportation Centre in Riyadh.
Basanti’s husband Bhagwat Bind, who is based in Patna, had approached External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj through Ali Anwar Ansari, the Chief Whip of the Janata Dal (United) in the Rajya Sabha, last month after all his attempts to get his wife and daughter back failed.
Ms. Swaraj wrote back to Mr. Ansari on August 27 saying that Kanchan would be repatriated after her sponsor, one among a chain of job brokers, completes the exit formalities. She said that Basanti could not be traced by the Indian authorities there. However, on August 27, Basanti was flown back to Hyderabad by the Saudi authorities.
“I went there to work at a hospital in Ha’il with five other women, without telling my husband as our financial condition was bad. On reaching there, I was asked to do domestic work. On my refusal, a local agent stripped me and beat me up with a stick,” she said.
According to Basanti, she was sold twice after that. Her left arm was broken and left hand scalded with boiling water by subsequent employers when she demanded to be sent home.
“I ran away one morning before they woke up and went to a police station. They took me to a dispensary and dressed my hand. I was then sent to a detention centre with several other women. The employment agents there had already taken away my jewellery including mangalsutra, passport, mobile phone and ATM card. I returned to India in the same night dress I was wearing when I escaped,” she said.
After more than six weeks at the centre, Basanti said the police were able to recover her passport from one of her employers in Ha’il and send her back. “My only wish is that my daughter should come back and our government should stop people from going there. Our lives have been destroyed,” Basanti added.
Mr. Ansari has sought an appointment with Ms. Swaraj to ask for assistance for the family. “An illiterate woman had the courage to escape. If our embassy is more proactive, several stranded Indians can be saved,” he said, showing a thick file of letters from families whose relatives are stranded in Saudi Arabia.

Standard Chartered PLC: UpdatesSep 05, 2014, 10.06 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Standard Chartered PLC: Updates
Standard Chartered PLC has submitted a copy of the announcement which has been submitted to the London Stock Exchange.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Standard Chartered PLC: Updates
Standard Chartered PLC has submitted a copy of the announcement which has been submitted to the London Stock Exchange.
Post your opinion here
 
Standard Chartered PLC has submitted to BSE a copy of the announcement which has been submitted to the London Stock Exchange.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Kovai Medical Center Hospital: Outcome of AGMSep 05, 2014, 10.06 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kovai Medical Center & Hospital: Outcome of AGM
Kovai Medical Center & Hospital has informed that the 28th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 03, 2014. The shareholders of the company approved a final dividend @15%(Rs 1.50 per share) on the equity capital of the company for the financial year 2013-14.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kovai Medical Center & Hospital: Outcome of AGM
Kovai Medical Center & Hospital has informed that the 28th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 03, 2014. The shareholders of the company approved a final dividend @15%(Rs 1.50 per share) on the equity capital of the company for the financial year 2013-14.
Post your opinion here
 
Kovai Medical Center & Hospital Ltd has informed BSE that the 28th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 03, 2014. The shareholders of the company approved a final dividend @15%(Rs 1.50 per share) on the equity capital of the company for the financial year 2013-14. The dividend will be paid/dispatched to the shareholders on or before October 02, 2014Source : BSE

Prefer Engineers India: Aashish Tater08:00 am
Aashish Tater of fortunewizard.com told CNBC-TV18, " Engineers India could be a very interesting bet at current levels. It was mainly dependent and it is a pioneer in Indian oil and gas field for consultancy businesses. Now they have diversified and have added few more geographies likes of Oman and Nigeria and order book has started flowing in. They will be looking for other geographies where the margins are higher. When we factored that into the model, we expect that the company will report to Rs 20 of Earnings per Share (EPS), this does not stop over here. Last month itself only they have got Navratna status. When we have gone and retraced and checked maximum companies in the Navratna status trades on a lower side of a PE of multiple of 18 times and a higher side of 24 times on a conservative basis. Companies with free cash flows generation capacity, they are normally trading between 22-24 PE. So this is another company which is having lot of cash in the balance sheet and has the capacity to generate free cash flows year-on-year basis (Y-o-Y)."
"The company right now is on a market cap of Rs 8,000 crore and the balance sheet cash is somewhere around Rs 1,800 crore odd with Rs 300-400 further to be realised in next couple of quarters. The order book that they are sitting on plus the new orders that they have got in last three to four months, we feel that this is going to be a significant game changer for this stock and having a target of Rs 350 translating into lower end PE, multiple of 18 odd times for FY16," he said.
"Engineers India looks lucratively priced at current levels and given the focus of public sector undertakings (PSU) stocks, this could be one stock that can definitely create wealth in the long term."
RELATED NEWS

Crude oil futures suffer sharp plunge after a day of big gainsCrude oil futures suffer sharp plunge after a day of big gains
Infosys rallies on five-year service contract win from BPInfosys rallies on five-year service contract win from BP
L&T gains after bagging an order worth Rs 5 100 croreL&T gains after bagging an order worth Rs 5 100 crore
Sensex recovers as IT  metal  banking stocks gainSensex recovers as IT  metal  banking stocks gain
Apple s smartwatch to have NFC technologyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

When Modi hijacked Nachiket Mor s YojanaManojit Saha |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 10:12 AM IST
When Modi borrowed Nachiket Mor's Yojana
The Mor panel report envisages each Indian above the age of 18 years having a full-service, safe and secure electronic bank account by January 2016
When Nachiket Mor – a board member of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) – released his report on comprehensive financial services for small businesses and low income households in January – it was greeted with scepticism. 
 
The former deputy managing director of ICICI Bank is known for his radical ideas but often criticised for being high on theory and low on practical value.The committee headed by Mor created to draw the blueprint to foster financial inclusion faced criticism not only from several experts but also from the government. 
 
The Mor panel envisages each Indian above the age of 18 years having a full-service, safe and secure electronic bank account by January 2016. This timeline of the proposal was however disputed and termed as ‘pressing ’by two committee members of the panel headed by Mor.
 
The panel report had a dissent note from the two committee members- Shikha Sharma, CEO & MD of Axis Bank and SS Mundra, CMD of Bank of Baroda and now deputy governor of RBI- with their comment saying, "Looking at the enormity of the task, more particularly in low density rural areas, and the need of supporting physical as well as virtual infrastructure vis-à-vis their present state, the timeline looks pressing". They suggested January 2018 as a more "realistic and implementable" target date. 
 
ALSO READ:  Jan Dhan Yojana gets off to strong start, beats targets on Day 1
 
He launched Jan Dhan Yojana on 28 August amid much fanfare. The Yojana entails opening bank accounts for 75 million families by January 26, celebrated annually as Republic Day, next year. Modi has sweetened the offer with other benefits like debit card and insurance cover for those opening bank accounts before January 26, 2015. The government claimed 15 million accounts and a similar number of accident insurance policies in a single day. 
 
However, it is not the first time that politicians have piggybacked on RBI’s financial inclusion drive. 
ALSO READ:  Jan Dhan Yojana: Many questions remain
 
The central bank started its financial drive through the banking sector in 2009 and the lenders were given a target to open branches in unbanked rural areas (with a population of less than 2000) during the first phase between 2010 and 2013. About 7,400 rural branches were opened during this period. The second phase is between 2013 to 2016 in which banks have been asked to be present in all the unbanked locations of the country. 
 
Finance Ministers of the previous UPA government have also ensured they have a say on financial inclusion. Calling in public sector bankers to review the progress was a routine effort. Financial inclusion was always on the agenda in the quarterly performance review of government banks.
 

PM Narendra Modi opens new TCS training initiative in JapanYou are here: Home > Collections > India
PM Narendra Modi opens new TCS training initiative in Japan
PTI Sep 2, 2014, 03.11PM IST
Tags:
Japan
(PM Modi flagged off first…)
TOKYO: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today inaugurated TCS Japan Technology and Culture Academy, which will work towards enhancing technology and cultural knowledge between IT professionals of the two nations.
Modi also flagged off the first batch of 48 TCS Japan trainees, who will proceed to India to undergo training for 6-8 weeks at various TCS locations, the country's largest software services firm said in a statement.
Apart from increasing their exposure to new technologies, trainees will also learn about quality and other processes along with business skills, it added.
This will be followed by on-the-job training on projects for six months.
"The 21st century is the century of knowledge and technology and all of you will gain knowledge from travelling in India... You are going as employees of TCS but I want you to come back to Japan as ambassadors of India," Modi said.
In April this year, TCS and Mitsubishi Corp announced that they were merging their IT operations in Japan to create a new global scale player in the Japanese IT industry, with TCS having 51 per cent stake in the new venture called Tata Consultancy Services Japan (TCSJ).
"Japan and India have the potential to create a strong economic, and business partnership. TCS is proud to play a role to strengthen the relationship between these two great nations by investing in Japan," Tata Consultancy Services CEO and MD N Chandrasekaran said.
TCSJ will initially house more than 4,000 employees in Japan and a dedicated centre located in Pune, India.
It will provide Japanese companies a mix of global talent and capabilities combined with local expertise and knowledge that to help Japanese corporations transform and globalise effectively and drive growth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s external debt rises to $ 440.6 billionIndia's external debt rises to $ 440.6 billion
Our Bureau
ECBs account for 33.3% share of total external debt
Mumbai, June 30:  
India’s external debt as of March 31, 2014, showed an increase of $31.2 billion over the year to $440.6 billion, according to the Reserve Bank of India. The increase in total external debt during 2013-14 was primarily on account of the rise in non-resident deposits.
As of March 2014, NRI deposits rose $33 billion to $103.8 billion on the back of the special swap scheme introduced by the RBI for commercial banks during September to November 2013 to mobilise FCNR (B) deposits.
External debt comprises memo items, such as commercial borrowings, NRI deposits, short-term debt as well as multilateral and bilateral debt. The share of government and non-government external debt stood at $81.5 billion ($81.7 billion as of March 2013) and $359.1 billion ($327.8 billion) respectively.
In terms of major components, the share of external commercial borrowings continued to be the highest at 33.3 per cent of total external debt, followed by NRI deposits (23.6 per cent) and short term debt (20.3 per cent).
According to the RBI, the share of short-term debt in the total debt witnessed a decline over the preceding quarter as well as the corresponding quarter of the previous year. Short-term debt at $89.2 billion accounted for 20.3 per cent of the total external debt as of March 2014, as compared to 23.6 per cent as of March 2013. The ratio of short-term debt (original maturity) to foreign exchange reserves declined to 29.3 per cent as of March 2014 from 33.1 per cent as of March 2013.
The valuation gain during 2013-14 amounted to $ 9.4 billion, reflecting the appreciation of the US dollar against the Indian rupee and other major currencies. Thus, excluding the valuation gains, the stock of external debt as of March 2014 would have increased by $40.6 billion instead of $31.2 billion over March 2013.
(This article was published on June 30, 2014)
Related

Chandrasekaran s 2nd term at TCS will be differentYou are here: Home > Collections > Accenture
How N Chandrasekaran's second term at TCS will be different from his first
N Shivapriya, ET Bureau Sep 4, 2014, 11.27AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(While the company has been…)
It was the summer of 2007. N Chandrasekaran, then chief operating officer of Tata Consultancy Services, was convincing colleague Venguswamy Ramaswamy to join him for a run at 4 am on Worli Seaface in Mumbai. Swamy balked. Not a runner, he hadn't even done 2 km previously. Chandra not only won over the reluctant executive, come November, he threw at Ramaswamy a new possibility: "Why not run the full marathon?" A few months later, to Swamy's own amazement, he completed the 42.2 km marathon in Mumbai, along with Chandra.
The episode illustrates the management and leadership style of Chandrasekaran, who has been the CEO and MD of TCS since October 2009 and was re-appointed yesterday by the company's board for another five-year term. The ability of Chandra, as he is popularly known, to push boundaries and inspire his leadership team to do the same has helped the $13 billion-plus (about Rs 78,000 crore) software gorilla to sprint ahead of others in growth and valuation metrics. Not just among its Indian peers, but also globally.
Take profits. In the last two quarters, the quarterly profits of TCS have exceeded those of Accenture, which is more than twice its size — $845 million versus $817 million, and $861 million versus $671 million. Or, take valuations, where it has added more to its market capitalisation during Chandra's reign than both IBM and Accenture, thus closing the gap on both of them. Comparisons on the same metrics with Indian peers make for similar reading (See the two comparison graphics).
It was Chandra's initiative to break TCS into 23 strategic business units. Each unit had finance, HR and other functions attached to it and was headed by a leader, who had responsibility for its profit and loss (P&L) account. Each unit ran as an independent profit centre but drew on the strength of TCS' scale. This essentially turned managers into entrepreneurs, and ensured TCS remained nimble, even though it is the largest among Indian IT services firms. "Chandra pushes us to think big, but execute in smaller chunks," says Swamy, who heads TCS' iON initiative, which provides on-tap software for small and medium businesses.
This approach has paid off, helping TCS leverage its 300,000 people to its advantage rather than let it be a drag. The company remained agile and entrepreneurial even as it grew in scale. "We gave them the ability to be agile, nimble, take responsibility and ownership, pursue a dream and, at the same time, leverage the scale," says Chandra. Growth is now more holistic, with all the units pulling their bit. Chandra is looking to make it even more holistic, as these 23 units embrace new and emerging technologies like mobility, cloud, social, big data, analytics and robotics. Over the next three to five years, Chandra expects TCS to earn $4 billion to $5 billion in revenues from these new technologies.
23 Mini-TCS Units Over time, these 23 mini-TCS units have become the microcosm of the larger TCS, containing nonlinear growth initiatives such as platforms and adapting the digital world to the industries they serve. In 2011, Chandra made seven of these leaders responsible for a clutch of verticals. But outside of their primary vertical, the role of these leaders is more of a supporting and mentoring one in the other verticals they oversee. Debashis Ghosh heads the life sciences, manufacturing and energy cluster. While two leaders run manufacturing and energy, Ghosh is more hands-on in life sciences.
"My inputs are more on governance when they (the leaders) are working on a large deal or project where the CEO of the customer organisation is directly involved, or when they are facing a sticky situation or in making sure the P&L is on track," he says. "The unit leaders have full operational freedom and own the P&L." All the verticals have grown in size, some more than the others (See graphic: Vertical Push). And the philosophy underpinning the concept has been extended. "We have created leaders below them and we have empowered them," says Chandra. "In some units, which have grown larger, we have split them up and we have given responsibility in a very meaningful way."
  For instance, the life sciences vertical under Ghosh now has two P&L leaders. "TCS has done a good job aligning teams that drive quality, costs, quantity (volumes) and cycle time and that far exceed the cost to the customer and drive value creation," says Matt Barney, CEO and founder of Leaderamp, and former head of the Infosys Leadership Institute. "TCS has created customer value well." Analysts say TCS has also been very aggressive in terms of investing, helping it capture inflection points early on, be it in terms of contracts or new technologies. "TCS is far more effective in selling their services," says Shashi Bhushan, analyst with Prabhudas Lilladher. "They are ahead in terms of determining market movement and determining their course of action based on that."
Stay Close, Stay Relevant

TCS attains Rs 5 lakh crore market-capitalisationBSE
(At the end of today's trade,…)
MUMBAI: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), the country's largest software services exporter, on Wednesday, attained a market valuation of over Rs 5 lakh crore after over a month.
At the end of today's trade, the market-capitalisation (m-cap) of TCS soared to Rs 5,09,523.91 crore, the highest for the company since its listing in 2004. Shares of the outsourcing giant ended the day at Rs 2,601.30, up 2.45% on the BSE . In intra-day trade, it rose by 2.9% to Rs 2,612.95.
In dollar terms, TCS' market valuation rose to $84 billion.TCS, the first Indian company to achieve the feat, had earlier crossed Rs 5 lakh crore market-cap in July this year.
The IT bellwether is also currently the country's most valued company in terms of market valuation. TCS is followed by state-run ONGC whose m-cap stood at Rs 3,74,730.47 crore, Reliance Industries (Rs 3,33,400.02 crore), ITC (Rs 2,78,020.71 crore) and Coal India (Rs2,37,495.30 crore).
The market valuation of other big IT players such as Infosys stood at Rs 2,14,454.24 crore, Wipro (Rs 1,42,478.12 crore), HCL Technologies (Rs 1,16,142.59 crore) and Tech Mahindra (Rs 57,293.10 crore).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Samsung unveils 5.6 inch display Galaxy Note EdgeUpdated: September 4, 2014 11:37 IST
Samsung unveils 5.6 inch display Galaxy Note Edge
IANS
AP A visitor tabs on the display of a Samsung Galaxy Note Edge.
TOPICS
PDAs and smartphones
Its curved screen offers quick access to various apps, updates and top-mounted shutter buttons.
South Korean giant Samsung Electronics on Wednesday unveiled a range of devices including Galaxy Note Edge, smartphone with a curved screen that gives it the ability to offer two sources of display.
The phone has a curved 5.6 inch display that extends and wraps around the right side of the smartphone.
Set to go on sale in autumn this year, the phablet will enable users to read incoming SMSes off the smaller notification window while seamlessly checking their e-mail messages off the main screen.
The curved screen offers quick access to various apps, updates and top-mounted shutter buttons when using the phone as a camera.
They can also use the built-in panel window to display items such as weather information and news headlines on the smaller, slimmer window, while viewing something else on the main screen.
The Galaxy Note Edge is a variant of the company’s highly successful Samsung Galaxy Note series of phablet devices.

Mayawati on mission to woo back dalit vote bankAll India Backward
(When riots broke out in the…)
NEW DELHI: Last week, former Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati, reeling from the shock defeat in the last Lok Sabha elections, declared that the party would keep Dalits centre-stage in what is seen as a 'course correction' for the party. The riots of Muzzaffarnagar could be the immediate factor which dented Mayawati's core Dalit vote bank.
When riots broke out in the area, Mayawati was scarcely seen on the ground, her support base which also included Muslims and a few upper castes along with Dalits, all felt the neglect and deserted her in droves. One senior BSP leader told ET, "in the last elections everyone voted as Hindus, not as Jats and Dalits." Mayawati, who gave Uttar Pradesh its first single-party government in two decades when she won assembly polls in 2007, has, however, been steadily seeing the shifting of her support base through those years.
In a meeting held in Lucknow last weekend, under the watchful gaze of senior upper caste leaders of her party, Satish Chandra Mishra, Ramveer Upadhayay and Brajesh Pathak , she reverted to her old Dalit rhetoric of upper caste bashing. Acknowledging that BJP had made massive inroads into her Dalit votebank, she said that the party would reconnect with the voters to warn them of the pitfalls of tying up with BJP. "They (Dalits) will not be allowed to vote, pursue any profession or practice any trade.
They would instead be subjected to all kinds of atrocities that they had been facing in the medieval age," Mayawati said. Mayawati has also reached out to old members of the All India Backward (SC, ST, OBC) and Minority Communities Employees' Federation, known as BAMCEF, which was the first organisation founded by Kanshi Ram , predating BSP.
"She is already in touch with RK Choudhary, a senior member of BAMCEF and someone who had been associated with Kanshi Ram, the effort is on to get in touch with other estranged associates of the late leader," said a source in BSP. The effort, according to Dr Badri Narayan, Kanshi Ram's biographer, should not just be to rediscover the party's ideological mojo but to win back the support of non-Jatav Dalits who drifted away from the party even when it was in power in UP between 2007-2012.
"The sarva samaj platform was a brave experiment, but it failed when the party came to power," he said. Non-Jatav Dalits felt that between appeasing the upper castes whose support was felt to be vital, and the party's core Jatav vote base, they got the worst deal.
A caste-wise analysis of the BSP government shows that out of a total of 52 ministers, only eight belonged to SC/STs. Of these, five were Jatavs and the other three belonged to Dusadh, Pasi and Mallah caste. There were no representations from Basor, Dhanuk, Valmiki, Dom, Gond, Kol, Dharikar, Musshar, Beldar, Bhuaiar, Hela, Baiswar, Bansfor, Beriya, Pankha castes. These are castes which heavily voted for BJP in recent elections. Between 2007-2012, out of BSP total strength of 206 MLAs, 100 were Dalits.
"The meeting ended by acknowledging that unless these communities are again mobilised to support us, there is no way back. The upper castes as a vote base for BSP are not a reliable source," said a senior BSP leader.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government appoints former CJI P Sathasivam as Governor of KeralaGovernment appoints former CJI P Sathasivam as Governor of Kerala
ET Bureau Sep 4, 2014, 05.54AM IST
Tags:
governor of Kerala
(Brushing aside opposition,…)
NEW DELHI: The government on Wednesday appointed recently-retired Chief Justice of India, P Sathasivam , as the Governor of Kerala , notwithstanding objections from the Kerala government. President Pranab Mukherjee issued orders on Wednesday to this effect. The home ministry had forwarded Sathasivam's name to the President on Tuesday, officials said.
The Centre had gone ahead with the appointment despite strong criticism from the state government and the Congress leadership. Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy had said on Monday that the Centre had not consulted his government before taking the decision to appoint Sathasivam as governor. Sathasivam, speaking after his appointment to TIMES NOW, said he would serve the people of Kerala and said he had not accepted any corporate arbitration or would give any legal opinion as governor.
Reacting to the appointment, Congress said the Modi government was a "government of U-turns". Recalling BJP leaders Arun Jaitley and Nitin Gadkari's 2012 comments against judges getting post-retirement jobs, Congress slammed the decision to give the gubernatorial post wondering if there was "anything in his persona, functioning or his decisions, which has really attracted very warmly, very positively, the acceptance of PM and BJP president". Sathasivam was on the Supreme Court bench that scrapped a second FIR against Shah in the fake case, saying it was linked to the bigger Sohrabuddin Sheikh killing case and did not need to be separate.
During the weekly briefing at the AICC here, Congress spokesperson Shobha Oza played clippings of a speech delivered by Jaitley and Gadkari in 2012. Jaitley had then said, "there are two kinds of judges - those who know the law and those who know the law minister". He had added that even though there is a retirement age, "judges are not willing to retire.
Pre-retirement judgements are influenced by post-retirement jobs". Gadkari suggested a two-year wait should be mandatory for judges after they retire and before they are appointed to judicial commissions or tribunals. Commenting on this, Oza said, "so, this was the view of two BJP leaders then".
The Congress spokesperson also took a dig at Modi completing 100 days in government saying that prices had gone up despite BJP's election slogans against price rise. Recalling Modi's remarks on corruption "Nor will I eat or let others eat", Oza quipped that the prime minister should now give out a list of items that people will not be allowed to eat because of high prices.
She also recalled a comment by a BJP leader on price rise when he said that not poor but those with "red cheeks" eat tomatoes. "The price of tomatoes is even higher than petrol now," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Russia To Hold  Unprecedented  Military ExercisesRussia's Strategic Nuclear Forces To Hold Major Exercise This Month
Reuters
Updated:
09/03/2014  6:59 pm EDT
MINSK, BELARUS - AUGUST 27:  Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks at a news conference August 26, 2014 in Minsk, Belarus. Putin and President Poroshenko of Ukraine met with their Belarussian and Kazakhstan counterparts and European Union officials amid heightened tensions over the conflict in eastern Ukraine. The separatist war has prompted the United States and EU to slap sanctions on Russia, to which Moscow has retaliated.  (Photo by Sasha Mordovets/Getty Images) | Sasha Mordovets via Getty Images
reddit
MOSCOW, Sept 3 (Reuters) - The forces responsible for Russia's strategic nuclear arsenal will conduct major exercises this month involving more than 4,000 soldiers, the Defense Ministry said on Wednesday, in the latest sign of rising tension with NATO over the Ukraine crisis.
In an announcement a day before the start of a NATO summit in Wales, RIA news agency quoted the ministry as saying the exercises would take place in Altai in south-central Russia and would also include around 400 technical units and extensive use of air power.
The agency quoted Dmitry Andreyev, a major in the strategic rocket forces, as saying troops would practice countering irregular units and high-precision weapons, and "conducting combat missions in conditions of active radio-electronic jamming and intensive enemy actions in areas of troop deployment."
He said enemy forces would be represented in the exercises by spetsnaz (special forces) units.
Supersonic MiG-31 fighter-interceptors and Su-24MR reconnaissance aircraft would take part, Andreyev said, saying the scale of air power involved was unprecedented for exercises of this kind.
Both Russia and NATO have stepped up military maneuvers since the outbreak of conflict in Ukraine between government forces and pro-Russian separatists in the east of the former Soviet republic.
A Kremlin security adviser said on Tuesday that Russia would update its military doctrine this year in the light of the Ukraine crisis and the sharp deterioration in relations with NATO. (Reporting by Mark Trevelyan, Editing by Timothy Heritage)
More:

Idea slumps 4.5%; Providence to reduce stake in coSep 04, 2014, 02.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Idea slumps 4.5%; Providence to reduce stake in co
Providence, which had as of end-June a 9.31 percent stake in Idea through its arm P5 Asia Investments (Mauritius) Ltd, is selling the shares in a price band of roughly Rs 166 to Rs 172 a share.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Idea slumps 4.5%; Providence to reduce stake in co
Providence, which had as of end-June a 9.31 percent stake in Idea through its arm P5 Asia Investments (Mauritius) Ltd, is selling the shares in a price band of roughly Rs 166 to Rs 172 a share.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Idea slumped around 4.5 percent intraday on Thursday. Private-equity firm Providence Equity Partners is selling a 2.4 percent stake in India's Idea Cellular to raise up to USD 242 million.
Providence, which had as of end-June a 9.31 percent stake in Idea through its arm P5 Asia Investments (Mauritius) Ltd, is selling the shares in a price band of roughly Rs 166 to Rs 172 a share.
A senior Providence executive in India could not immediately be reached for a comment. An Idea Cellular spokeswoman declined comment.
In October 2006, Providence had acquired a 15 percent stake in Idea Cellular for Rs 1,800 crore. Over the last few years, at regular intervals the US buyout firm has been offloading small percentage of its stake in Idea Cellular. Its current 9.3 percent stake itself is worth about Rs 5,800 crore.
At 13:51 hrs, the stock was quoting at Rs 166.70, down Rs 5.65, or 3.28 percent on the BSE.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Sensex  Nifty end slightly lower; BHEL falls 4%  autos zoomSep 04, 2014, 04.22 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty end slightly lower; BHEL falls 4%, autos zoom
BHEL lost 5 percent. Hindalco, Tata Steel, Tata Motors and GAIL are top losers in the Sensex. Among the gainers were auto stocks like Bajaj Auto and Hero Moto. NTPC, HDFC and Bharti Airtel were other gainers in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty end slightly lower; BHEL falls 4%, autos zoom
BHEL lost 5 percent. Hindalco, Tata Steel, Tata Motors and GAIL are top losers in the Sensex. Among the gainers were auto stocks like Bajaj Auto and Hero Moto. NTPC, HDFC and Bharti Airtel were other gainers in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 Market close
After a day of volatility the market managed to close with marginal lose. The Nifty ended just a bit below the 8100-mark at 8095.95, down 18.65 points while the Sensex slipped 54.01 points at 27085.93. BHEL lost 4 percent. Hindalco, Tata Steel, Tata Motors and GAIL are top losers in the Sensex. Among the gainers were auto stocks like Bajaj Auto and Hero Moto. NTPC, HDFC and Bharti Airtel were other gainers in the Sensex.
02:25pm Market Expert
The Nifty could consolidate between 7800-7850 on the downside and 8200-8300 on the upside, says Amit Khurana, Co- Head Equites & Head of Research, Dolat Capital Markets in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
Going forward, the big trigger for the market would now be earnings upgrades for FY16 and the earnings visibility, says Khurana.
According to him, there has been decent amount of money inflow into largecap and midcap stocks.
02:00pm The market remained under pressure in afternoon trade with the Sensex falling 137.35 points to 27002.59 and the Nifty declining 42.60 points to 8072 while the BSE Midcap and Smallcap trimmed losses to 0.2 percent and 0.7 percent, respectively.
About 1010 shares have advanced, 1804 shares declined, and 113 shares are unchanged.
Realty major DLF kept its top position in the selling list, down nearly 10 percent. Jindal Steel, BHEL, Hindalco Industries and Tata Steel plunged 3.5-4 percent. Shares of Tata Motors, ICICI Bank, Reliance Industries, Infosys, L&T, HDFC Bank, GAIL and TCS dropped 0.6-2 percent.
However, shares of HDFC, NTPC, Bajaj Auto and Hero Motocorp bucked the trend, gaining 1-2 percent followed by ITC and Axis Bank with 0.4 percent.
Most active shares on exchanges were Idea Cellular, Jaiprakash Associates, TVS Motor, Arvind, Escorts, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors.
After the promoter Jaypee Infra Ventures selling 1.45 percent stake in Jaiprakash Associates in previous three sessions for social cause, all Jaypee group stocks tanked with the JP Associates, Jaypee Infratech and Jaiprakash Power Ventures falling 7-18 percent.
Global markets fell marginally with Germany's DAX and France's CAC down 0.5 percent, cautious ahead of the ECB decision later today. Some analysts expect ECB President Mario Draghi to launch an additional stimulus measure, which may even be a Fed style QE program in the face of poor inflation growth and weak GDP data.
13:00

CESC surges 5%; CLSA upgrades  sees 60% returns in 2 yearsSep 04, 2014, 03.20 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CESC surges 5%; CLSA upgrades, sees 60% returns in 2 years
The brokerage house upgraded the power producer to buy with a 12-month target price of Rs 842 apiece incorporating stable Chandrapur operations from FY16 and higher valuations for Spencer’s.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CESC surges 5%; CLSA upgrades, sees 60% returns in 2 years
The brokerage house upgraded the power producer to buy with a 12-month target price of Rs 842 apiece incorporating stable Chandrapur operations from FY16 and higher valuations for Spencer’s.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  CESC rallied as much as 5 percent intraday on Thursday after CLSA said it expects around 60 percent returns from the stock over next two years.
The brokerage house upgraded the power producer to buy with a 12-month target price of Rs 842 apiece incorporating stable Chandrapur operations from FY16 and higher valuations for Spencer’s.
Power generation capacity of CESC or Calcutta Electric Supply Corporation, the flagship company of the RP-Sanjiv Goenka Group, has increased by 50 percent with commissioning of Chandrapur (600MW). The company would increase power generation capacity by another 33 percent by end of this year with addition of Haldia (600MW), said the brokerage.
CLSA expects CESC’s consolidated earnings to treble over FY15-17 as the new power projects ramp-up and retail business breakeven, though it feels FY15 would however be a rough year for the power business of the company as Chandrapur’s utilisation would remain sub-optimal.
The stock has done really well over last 12 months on the back of  First Source (BPO business), steady operational improvement at Spencers and with investors ignoring the near term pain of Chandrapur.
According to the brokerage, listing of the retail business and PPA tie-ups for Chandrapur would be the key medium term triggers. CLSA expects the consolidated net profit of the power producer to decline by 5 percent in FY15 but more than double in FY16 as losses from Chandrapur and Spencer’s decrease and Haldia ramps up.
At 15:03 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 739.90, up Rs 32.65, or 4.62 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Poll rout again  Team Rahul  on self-defenceAICC secretary
(According to this buzz,…)
NEW DELHI: An internal feedback, predicting serial electoral routs in the October assembly elections to Maharashtra, Haryana and Jharkhand has sent the so-called 'Team Rahul' on a self-defence overdrive, packaged as a mission to 'shield Rahulji from critics'.
As this team enacted a 'conspiracy phobia' in party circles, the AICC spokesperson on Wednesday felt compelled to assert at a press conference that "Rahulji will be our leader and we will come back to power under his leadership". This 'protect-Rahul Gandhi' move began when a group of around a dozen AICC secretaries he nominated started holding meetings, a fortnight ago, after a whisper campaign that Rahul loyalists feared their leader 'was facing an internal conspiracy from many senior leaders', especially after Congress notched its worst electoral rout in the Lok Sabha polls.
According to this buzz, any senior leader who sought an active role for Priyanka Gandhi, or those who wanted a review of the leadership's style of functioning, was either an opponent or critic of Rahul Gandhi's leadership or a rebel.
AICC secretariescum-Team Rahul members Jitendra Singh , Harish Chwodhury, Manicka Tagore are mentioned as members of the 'shield-Rahul' movement. AICC general secretaries CP Joshi and Madhusudhan Mistry are supposed backers of the move. Incidentally, all of them lost the Lok Sabha polls. Certain personal aides of Rahul Gandhi to are involved.
When contacted by ET, an AICC secretary handpicked by Rahul, Shubhankar Sarkar, said, "Congress is the shock-absorber of society. It is the time to strengthen the Congress ideology and Rahulji's philosophy. The party and leaders must speak in one voice. Therefore, I appeal to all leaders, both senior and junior leaders, not to break the lakshman rekha and force others to do the same."
The 'Young Turks' emergence coincides with prediction of the party's commissioned surveys for Maharashtra, Haryana and Jharkhand predicting Congress would fare badly in the assembly polls. Some senior leaders feel 'Rahul loyalists' were indulging in tactics to protect their positions. These youngsters are egging on Gandhi to purge the party of veterans and fill AICC with them.
"Given the weakened position of Congress, internal unity is paramount at the moment. But it would depend on whether Soniaji opts for the party's larger interest or that of Rahulji's team", said a senior Congress functionary. A source said some of Rahul's hand-picked secretaries are readying a joint letter to AICC general secretaries to convey their feelings. They have also been spreading the word that they would, henceforth, counter senior leaders if the latter utter anything critical of Gandhi's style.
FEATURED ARTICLES

United Airlines gets first stretch DreamlinerUnited Airlines gets first stretch Dreamliner
Boeing 787-9
Here she comes: United gets first stretch 787
United takes delivery of 787-9, set for LA-Australia nonstop #avgeek
Boeing has delivered the first of 26 planned 787-9 Dreamliners to United Airlines.
United announced earlier this year that it will use the airplane for the longest nonstop 787 route between Los Angeles and Melbourne, Australia.
The new model is 206 feet long, 20 feet longer than the last version of the Dreamliner. It can hold 280 passengers, has factory-installed Wi-Fi, and a range of 8,300 nautical miles.
Boeing and United are both based in Chicago.

AMRI unit gets 3-star ratingAMRI unit gets 3-star rating
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, September 4:  
The Mukundapur unit of AMRI Hospitals, has been awarded a “3-Star” rating under the “100-day Action Plan” of the Union Ministry of Power. The award was given to the hospital for excelling in energy conservation between August 2013 and July 2014. The award was given by Dharmendra Pradhan, Union Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas and Piyush Goyal, Union Minister of State for Power, Coal and New & Renewable Energy during the release of the “BEE Star Rating for Hospital Buildings” guidelines in New Delhi.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

HCL Tech set to change lives in 100 villagesAzim Premji
(Efforts will be focused…)
NEW DELHI: HCL Technologies is adopting 100 villages as part of an ambitious corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiative by the country's fourth-largest technology services company. The goal is to transform the villages with scalable models, impacting village communities and life in five areas — water, women's welfare, education, health and malnutrition and sanitation.
"We are partnering with 100 villages under Project Samudhay," HCL Group founder and chairman Shiv Nadar told ET in an exclusive interview. "The board has approved it. These projects are not one-way streets but one-way doors: when you enter, you don't plan to come back. That's why these are models, built to scale." HCL Technologies, which hit $5 billion in revenue and $1 billion in profit for the year ended June 30, will adopt villages in three states — Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka — where most of its operations are based.
Efforts will be focused in villages around 10 clusters, including Chennai, Bangalore, Tumkur, Kolar, Delhi and Gautam Buddh Nagar for the Samudhay project. The longer-term plan is to expand efforts to 200 villages. HCL will hire a directorgeneral for Samudhay and another 12-15 people to oversee day-today activity in the villages. In part, this move emerged from the new Companies Act that took effect last year. It mandates that companies need to spend 2% of their net profit on CSR — Rs 125 crore this year for HCL Technologies.
Nadar, 69, is also chairman of the eponymous Shiv Nadar Foundation, which focuses on education, arts and other philanthropic ventures with an aim to bridge the urban-rural gap. "The Foundation already invests a lot in social ventures. But some of the issues we will tackle, like water, look simple, yet we have been unable to create viable, scalable models in the country.
This is where Samudhay will bring best practices," said Nadar. There's been a rush of CSR project announcements recently, especially after Prime Minister Narendra Modi made clear that a cleaner India and the establishment of proper toilet facilities across the country were among his government's priorities. Tata Consultancy Services and the Bharti Foundation have committed Rs 100 crore each toward building toilets in the last few weeks. "Corporate governance and philanthropy can work together to transform societies," Nadar said.
"European nations are quite advanced in this and there are foundations running for around 100 years. We will be ahead as we have an opportunity to get best global practices and to leapfrog. For Indian companies, social ventures can also become a competitive tool as well." He cited global corporations such as the big four consultants — Deloitte , PwC, EY and KPMG — besides IBM and Hewlett-Packard and the edge they have due to their corporate governance practices and contribution made to society.
Nadar reiterated that he will not be exiting HCL Technologies, not for another decade anyhow. "It's my stated intent not to do so for at least 10 years," he said. HCL Technologies with HCL Infosystems , the domestic-focused, hardware-toservices provider, won't be merged. "There are no synergies between the two," he said. "The revenue overlap between the two is not more than 1%.
They will run as separate businesses." Nadar, the seventh richest Indian in the Forbes 2013 list, is steering clear of the rush to invest in e-commerce companies unlike peers Ratan Tata (Snapdeal.com), Azim Premji (Flipkart.com), NR Narayana Murthy (Amazon. in) in recent months. "I don't invest in ventures I can't control directly. I won't be investing in e-commerce startups," Nadar said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australian PM to meet Modi  civil nuclear deal likely to be signed todayHome Ministry asks states to fast-track cases against MPs, MLAs 2 days ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Nvidia sues Qualcomm  Samsung over graphics patentsSep 05, 2014, 09.08 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Nvidia sues Qualcomm, Samsung over graphics patents
The US chipmaker vies with Qualcomm in the business of providing chips for smartphones and tablets. It said on Thursday that Qualcomm and Samsung had used Nvidia's patented technologies without a license in Samsung's mobile devices, including the just-launched Galaxy Note 4 and Galaxy Note Edge.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nvidia sues Qualcomm, Samsung over graphics patents
The US chipmaker vies with Qualcomm in the business of providing chips for smartphones and tablets. It said on Thursday that Qualcomm and Samsung had used Nvidia's patented technologies without a license in Samsung's mobile devices, including the just-launched Galaxy Note 4 and Galaxy Note Edge.
Post your opinion here
 
Nvidia Corp has sued rival chipmakers Qualcomm and Samsung Electronics, accusing both companies of infringing its patents on graphics processing technology.
The US chipmaker vies with Qualcomm in the business of providing chips for smartphones and tablets. It said on Thursday that Qualcomm and Samsung had used Nvidia's patented technologies without a license in Samsung's mobile devices, including the just-launched Galaxy Note 4 and Galaxy Note Edge.
Nvidia said Samsung devices made with graphics technology from Qualcomm, Britain's ARM Holdings and Imagination Technologies infringed on its patents.
"They're using our technology for free in their devices today and they're shipping an enormous number of devices," Nvidia Chief Executive Jen-Hsun Huang said on a conference call.
Nvidia did not say it is suing Imagination or ARM but it did say it is asking the US International Trade Commission to prevent shipments of Samsung devices containing ARM's Mali or Imagination's PowerVR graphics architectures, as well as Qualcomm's graphics technology.
Graphics technology from Imagination is also used in Apple Inc's iPhones. Asked whether Nvidia plans to sue Apple since it uses Imagination's technology, Huang declined to comment.
"Today we’re focused on Samsung and Qualcomm, and we continue to have productive conversations with a lot of other companies out there,” he said.
Nvidia made its name developing leading graphics technology for high-end personal computers but has struggled to expand into smartphones, a market dominated by Qualcomm.
Nvidia discussed its patents with heavyweight handset maker Samsung for "a couple" of years before deciding to take legal action, Huang said.
Last year, Nvidia announced that it planned to license its graphics technology to other companies. But it has not announced any licensing deals since then.
Nvidia said its lawsuits were filed at the US District Court for the District of Delaware and at the US International Trade Commission in Washington.
Such dual filings are typical of infringement lawsuits since the district courts can award financial damages and the Commission cannot. At the same time, the Commission can more easily ban infringing products from the US market.
Samsung and ARM declined to comment. Qualcomm did not respond to a request for comment.
RELATED NEWS

Watch: Expert speaks on Indo-Australia civil nuclear dealWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

J&K floods: 70 dead  PM announces Rs 2 lakh compensation for victims  familiesUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Srinagar: Heavy rains in Jammu and Kashmir continue to be a cause for concern. At least 70 people have died in two days as floods sweep through several districts of the state.
Fifty people died on Thursday when a bus fell into a gorge in Rajouri district. Many areas in Srinagar, Anantnag, Pulwama and Poonch districts are flooded.
The Srinagar-Jammu and Srinagar-Leh highways remained closed due to landslides. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives and sanctioned Rs 2 lakh for the families of the deceased.
Minister of State PMO Jitendra Singh is expected to visit Jammu and oversee the rescue operations of Vaishno Devi pilgrims who have been stranded. Home Minister Rajnath Singh is also expected to will visit the flood afffected areas on Saturday.
Reassuring the public, Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said, "Our immediate focus is to rescue the people are trapped in the floods.
Our next challenge is to rehabilitate the people who have been affected the rains."

Infosys in focus on securing contract from BPInfosys in focus on securing contract from BP
Haryana govt  explains  transfer of land to DLFApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Airlines to offer discounts to flyers travel...Aviation agencies here are planning to allow airlines to give a cash discount on ticket prices to domestic flyers who have no check-in baggage.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Flying light may soon leave you with a heavier wallet.
In possibly a global first, aviation agencies here are planning to allow airlines to give a cash discount on ticket prices to domestic flyers who have no check-in baggage. While the rebate will be decided competitively by airlines, it is likely to be in the range of Rs 200 to Rs 300.
The directorate general of civil aviation (DGCA) thought of this win-win — for airlines and passengers — weeks after it firmly told airlines to continue allowing people check-in baggage up to a certain weight without any extra charge. This issue had come up this June when AirAsia India at launch time decided not to allow any free check-in baggage.
The JV of Malaysian low cost AirAsia and Tata Sons had proposed that pre-booking baggage charges will start at Rs 199 for up to 15 kg. This charge would have kept getting heftier as the bags get heavier. And flyers checking-in at airport counters were to pay Rs 300 for up to 15 kg and then Rs 250 per kg for ever kilo beyond 15 kg!
This led to an uproar as all Indian carriers currently allow check-in baggage up to 15 kg free of cost for domestic flyers. (Till a few months back, they all allowed up to 20 kg free of cost.) AirAsia globally does not allow any free check-in baggage and wanted the same practice for India. But, the DGCA had then directed AirAsia India to continue with this practice and the LCC fell in line just before beginning to fly here.
However, this debate with AirAsia led to serious thinking within the regulator as many airlines in the west — including full service ones — allow check-in baggage only for a fee.
"Airlines will not be allowed to charge extra for check-in baggage of up to certain weight limit that will be decided by the carriers. But if someone is not carrying any check-in baggage, then such a person should get a discount at the time of booking itself. We are examining this model," said a senior official.
Airline officials say nothing is free and passengers pay for their allowed check-in bags in the ticket itself. "So people are paying for check-in baggage without being aware they are doing so. Our plan is to use the same logic to get a discount of baggage charge for those who are not carrying any baggage," said the official.
And how will airlines benefit from this proposed move? "A substantial amount of pre-booking happens on all flights. Airlines will be able to know how many people are going without check-in bag; judge the weight of the aircraft and take the required fuel. Carrying more fuel also means burning more to carry this extra weight," an official said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

JSW interested in buying Italy s Ilva steel plant: SourcesSep 05, 2014, 09.15 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
JSW interested in buying Italy's Ilva steel plant: Sources
Ilva, privately-owned by the Riva family, is Europe's largest steel plant by output capacity and is of strategic importance to the southern European steel sector, where it supplies carmakers and other manufacturers
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JSW interested in buying Italy's Ilva steel plant: Sources
Ilva, privately-owned by the Riva family, is Europe's largest steel plant by output capacity and is of strategic importance to the southern European steel sector, where it supplies carmakers and other manufacturers
Post your opinion here
 
JSW Steel  is considering buying the Ilva steel plant in Italy, union sources said on Thursday.
Ilva, privately-owned by the Riva family, is Europe's largest steel plant by output capacity and is of strategic importance to the southern European steel sector, where it supplies carmakers and other manufacturers.
The Taranto plant, however, is at the centre of an environmental scandal which led the Italian government to place it under "special administration", a procedure designed to save large companies and avoid big job losses.
Also read: Metal- Big blow for the sector and economy: PLilladher
JSW Steel, controlled by Sajjan Jindal wrote a letter to Ilva's special commissioner Piero Gnudi to express interest in Ilva, according to the sources.
A JSW delegation is expected to visit the plant, one of the largest employers in the southern Italian region of Puglia, in the next few days.
Ilva declined to comment.
JSW did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
ArcelorMittal, the world's largest steelmaker last month sent a letter to express its interest in Ilva to Gnudi and is expected to propose an industrial plan for the plant by the end of September, according to sources.
JSW is also in talks to buy parts of another steel plant, Lucchini, Italy's second-largest.
JSW Steel stock price
On September 10, 2014, at  14:37 hrs JSW Steel was quoting at Rs 1336.70, down Rs 0.65, or 0.05 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1365.35 and the 52-week low was Rs 582.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 97.49 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 13.71. The latest book value of the company is Rs 970.48 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.38.
RELATED NEWS

Tata Comm CFO to resignTata Comm CFO to resign
Our Bureau
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
Tata Communications said Sanjay Baweja, Chief Financial Officer, will be leaving the organisation to pursue other opportunities.
In a filing to the stock exchange, the company said it is in the process of appointing a new CFO and to facilitate an orderly transition, Baweja will continue till November 3, 2014.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Nifty reclaims 8 100; Infosys up 2%SI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 10:40 AM IST
Market trim early gains; Nifty holds 8,100
Infosys was among the top Nifty gainers after the order win from BP
Markets came off their day's highs after the first hour of trade as investors booked profits at higher levels. However, IT majors continued to trade firm after a large order win by Infosys.
At 10:40AM, the 30-share was up 28 points at 27,114 after hitting an intra-day high of 27,179 and the 50-share Nifty was up 9 points at 8,105 after touching a high of 8,123.
The rupee is trading at 60.39 compared to its previous close of 60.36. However, gains in the domestic share market may, however, limit a sharp fall in the rupee.
In the Sensex pack, Infosys was up 1%, after rising nearly 2% in early trades, following the order win from BP. Wipro and TCS were up 0.7-1% each.
L&T was up 1.2% following an order worth Rs 5100 Crore Supercritical Power Plant Order from MP State Utility.
Oil stocks firmed up with GAIL, Reliance Industries and ONGC were up 0.5-2% each.
Among other shares, JP Associates has extended losses for the second consecutive day and has dipped by over 10% at Rs 33.75 after Jaypee Infra Ventures sold over 13 million shares on the National Stock Exchange on Thursday. The stock has dropped nearly 30% in the last two sessions.
Union Bank of India has gained nearly 2% to Rs 215 after the company plans to raise Rs 1,386 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP) this financial year, its chairman and managing director Arun Tiwari said.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index was up 0.7% and the Small-cap index was up 1%.
The market breadth continued to remain strong with 1,473 gainers and 802 losers on the BSE.
___________________________________
(Updated at 9:35AM)
Markets continued to trade higher with the Nifty trading above 8,100 led by IT shares after a huge order win by Infosys.
9:35AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 69 points at 27,155 and 50-share Nifty was up 20 points at 8,116.
Meanwhile, foreign investors continued to remain buyers having bought stocks worth Rs 1,698 crore, as per provisional stock exchange data.
On the global front, Asian shares trimmed early gains. Japan's Nikkei and Shanghai Composite were trading 0.3% higher. However, Hang seng was down 0.4% and Singapore's Straits Times was trading lower by 0.5%.
US stocks ended lower on Thursday as profit taking in oil shares pared intra-day gains after the European Central Bank lowered its key policy rate. Further, US initial jobless claims rose to 302,000 last week, data showed.
The Dow Jones ended down 0.05% at 17,069.58, the broader S&P 500 closed 0.15% down at 1,997.65 and the tech-laden Nasdaq ended down 0.22% at 4,562.29.
Among the Sensex gainers, Infosys was up 1.5% after it signed a five-year group-wide IT outsourcing services contract with BP (formerly British Petroleum).
The Indian rupee was trading lower at Rs 60.43 compared to the previous close of Rs 60.36. On Thursday, the rupee had closed at one-month high of 60.36 paise, up 13 paise against the dollar on sustained selling of the US currency by exporters and some banks amid heavy capital inflows.
Infosys was up 2% at Rs 3790 on the BSE in the early morning trades after the company signed a five-year group-wide IT outsourcing services contract with BP (formerly British Petroleum). TCS and Wipro were up over 1.1% each.
Larsen & Toubro was up 1.7% after the engineering major won a Rs 5100 Crore Supercritical Power Plant Order from MP State Utility, 1320 MW Plant to be executed on EPC Basis Under Stringent Schedule
In the banking pack, ICICI Bank, SBI and Axis Bank were up 0.5-0.8% each.
Other Sensex gainers include, Sun Pharma, Tata Motors, Hindalco and Cipla among others.
HDFC was the top Sensex loser down 1.3% while ITC, Hero MotoCorp, Coal India and Tata Power were down on profit taking.
 
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were up over 0.7% each.
Market breadth was strong with 1,511 gainers and 413 losers on the BSE.
 Advertisements

Infosys rallies over 2% on five-year service contract win from BPBP
(It is a framework agreement…)
NEW DELHI: Infosys rallied as much as 2.2 per cent in trade on Friday after the software exporter said it has signed a five-year contract with BP to improve the oil major's IT processes across key operations.
At 09:40 a.m.; Infosys was trading 1.3 per cent higher at Rs 3575. It hit a low of Rs 3722 and a high of Rs 3792.95 in trade today.
"Infosys has been selected to support BP in running and developing its business applications to improve the company's IT processes across all key BP operations," a spokeswoman for Infosys said, adding that "it is a new agreement, which replaces all other agreements we have with BP".
As per the ET report, the company did not provide any financial details of the deal. The spokeswoman said, "Infosys will provide both IT and business consulting services to BP.
It is a framework agreement that covers exploration and production, refining and marketing and business functions (including HR).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Watch: Preparations across the country for PM Modi s Teachers  Day addressWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Rupee falls; flows watchedRupee falls; flows watched
Air India under scanner for free travel to top brassAir India under CIC scanner for free travel by ministers, employees
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 10:56 IST
The Central Information Commission (CIC) has pulled up Air India (AI) for holding back information on free travel provided to its top brass, ministers and parliamentarians sought under a Right to Information (RTI) Act application and set a 15-day deadline for the national carrier to make public such information.
Mail Today on May 28 reported how AI has been liberally doling out as many as 12-24 free tickets annually on its domestic and international network to family members of its huge army of 23,000 employees . Strangely, the AI management last year decided to continue offering free tickets to sons and daughters-in-law of its employees as well, the Mail Today report had further stated.
Issuing a show-cause notice to AI demanding explanation on why it did not give the information within the mandated 30 days, information commissioner Yashowardhan Azad directed the carrier to make it public within 15 days and submit a written submission latest by October 10.
Azad also asked AI to show cause as to why penalty should not be imposed on it under Section 20 (1) of the RTI Act for not providing information within the prescribed period. AI respondents cut a sorry figure as they were not in a position to answer CIC over the delay in furnishing the information because they had brought the wrong file of the same applicant.
The case relates to an application filed by RTI activist Subhash Agrawal, who wanted to know the guidelines regarding free air travel extended to ministers, parliamentarians, civil aviation ministry officials, and AI officials and their family members. He had also sought information on the estimated annual cost to AI for providing such free air travel.
Agrawal had also sought the copy of minutes of meetings of 'Committee on violation of protocol-norms and contemptuous behaviour of government officers with members of the Lok Sabha' in the Directorate General of Civil Aviation. When information was not provided to Agrawal, he approached the CIC.
The airline has been reluctant in replying to RTI queries in several instances. In some cases, the office of the chief vigilance commissioner has also instructed to AI to furnish details of RTI queries related to corruption and other complaints but the carrier has largely declined to furnish details.

US supports Nawaz Sharif as elected leader ofPakistanPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 5, 2014 10:43 am
The US has said that it supports Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif stating that he is the elected leader of Pakistan and asked various political parties in the country to resolve their differences peacefully.
“Yes, we still do. He (Sharif) is the elected leader,” State Department Deputy Spokesperson Marie Harf told reporters.
“We’ve said that repeatedly, and we’ve been carefully monitoring the demonstrations in Islamabad. We’ve consistently said that the US encourages all the parties to work together to resolve their differences through dialogue also, though, oppose any efforts to impose extra-constitutional change to the democratic system,” Harf said.
“It’s something we’ve talked about a lot in here. We are monitoring it. Obviously, our ambassador remains in touch with Pakistani officials, but not much more analysis than that,” she said.
“We have said that Nawaz Sharif is the elected leader of Pakistan,” Harf said when asked about allegations by Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) chief Imran Khan that the 2013 election in Pakistan was fraud and fake.
Imran Khan wants the ruling PML-N government’s ouster over alleged rigging in last year’s polls which his party lost, while Canada-based cleric Tahirul Qadri of Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) chief wants to bring a revolution in the country. Both the leaders are agitating since August 14.
Both the protesting groups are seeking re-elections and the resignation of Prime Minister Sharif.

Top 10 MNC CEOs | Powerful womenYou are here: Home > Collections
India Inc's Power List: Most powerful CEOs of 2014
ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 10.21AM IST
(The Economic Times Corporate…)
The Economic Times Corporate Dossier presents India Inc's definitive power listing.
Here is a list of India Inc's 10 most powerful CEOs 2014:
This list has top 100 CEOs:
FEATURED ARTICLES

Don t need to be Street smart to multiply your wealth | Mkt @ 10You are here: Home > Collections > Investors
Long term and regular investment key to making good money in the stock market
Nikhil Walavalkar, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 12.30PM IST
Tags:
Charles Merrill
(They are the big institutional…)
MUMBAI: We have all heard the story about the hypothetical match-up between Wall Street whiz kids with fancy degrees and a plethora of analytical tools and the monkey which picks winners.
Economist Burton Malkiel says in his book 'A Random Walk Down Wall Street' that a blindfolded monkey throwing darts at a newspaper's financial pages could select a portfolio that would do just as well as one carefully selected by experts.
The Wall Street Journal tried out an experiment based on this theory and found that the analysts won against the random dart throwers but the margin was not very big. Ever since Charles Merrill (Good Time Charlie) began holding seminars and workshops in post Second World War America to entice American households to invest in the market, experts have been obsessed about the right investing approach.
Do you need full-fledged research and deep analytical understanding to pick out winners? Should you do passive investing if that can help you spot winners and make decent money? Finally, are passive investors better off than the nerdy, analytically-inclined who work with tons of data? There are no easy answers to such questions and they will keep getting discussed as long as stock markets are open and investing gives people an opportunity to beef up their bank balances.
But we at ET tried to approach this from a different angle. It is an article of faith among investors that it is better to buy at the bottom than at the top. Those who do the latter are often derisively referred to as retailwallahs with no sense or understanding of the market, while the brainy ones are supposed to be experts at timing the market.
They are the big institutional investors who swoop in just when stock prices are low and leave just at the time when prices have peaked. Buy low and sell high. Sounds just about right.
Except that it is not as clear cut as that. Our exercise was basically aimed at figuring out how two different approaches to investing worked. Do you do fabulously well if consistently bought stocks at cheap prices? Conversely, are you a dumb investor if you consistently purchased when prices were high? We studied the BSE Sensex at various points in the past 24 years and identified the high and low points for each year.
We then analysed what would happen if two hypothetical individuals invested Rs 1,000 each every year for the past 24 years. One consistently bought at the Sensex's highest point, while the other purchased at the index's lowest point.
According to conventional theory, the smart investor is supposed to have performed better. Though most investors believe that investing in stock markets require an uncanny sense of timing and stock-picking skills, in effect, it's the time spent in the market that's most important. Investors often dream of buying at the lowest price and selling at the highest, something that rarely happens.
 
On the contrary, a disciplined investor who invests regularly in the market, ends up with good money. "You do not have to time the market, investing regularly in equities can give good returns in the long term," says Raamdeo Agrawal, joint managing director, Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
The results of our study bear this out. Even a layman can make money in equity markets if he invests regularly. The smart investor does a lot of research, has an army of professionals to help him, employs the best analytical tools, and more importantly, has loads of luck on the Street.
While the dumb one, however, always buys at the highest point, with the worst possible luck. But look at the results and the difference between the two approaches is not very big. The dumb investor with very little luck would have made a return of 11.54% while the smart investor would have returned 14.82%.
The numbers do not include dividends declared by the constituent companies. Devendra Nevgi, CEO, Zyfin Advisors, says, "A point to note is that the smart investor has done his best and there's little scope to improve his performance. However, the dumb investor has ample scope to improve, as he need not necessarily buy at the highest point each year."
Even if the dumb investor manages to buy a bit lower than the peak each year, his performance numbers will improve. And for this, he needn't employ a battery of resources. An optimistic view on equities can help investors take a staggered exposure to shares over a long period of time. If investors know how to pick stocks, they can improve their performance by beating the benchmark.
"If you cannot pick stocks on your own, give your money to a professional money manager by enrolling in a systematic investment plan in a diversified equity fund or invest in an index fund," Agrawal says.
In the long run, good quality companies can beat the benchmark by a decent margin and, in the process, end up rewarding shareholders. Professional money managers can pick and choose stocks for their portfolios that can outperform the broad markets.
According to Value Research, a mutual fund tracking firm, large-cap funds as a category has given 13.04% returns as against 12% delivered by the BSE Sensex over five years ended September 3.
Investors should look at investing regularly in schemes with long-term track record to generate healthy returns and not just look at timing the market. Even with all the best analysis and the time spent on number crunching, the results may not be spectacular.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JP Associates Falls Over 20% in 2 Days. Should You Buy NowJP Associates Falls Over 20% in 2 Days. Should You Buy Now
Photo service Twitpic to shut down  blames TwitterPhoto service Twitpic to shut down  blames Twitter
Oil prices down in Asia amid volatile tradingOil prices down in Asia amid volatile trading
After Digital India & Jan Dhan  government to focus on rural infraAfter Digital India & Jan Dhan, government to focus on rural infra
PTI Aug 31, 2014, 12.29PM IST
Tags:
Digital India
(Government's aim is to connect…)
NEW DELHI: After launching schemes to boost financial inclusion and reduce digital divide, the government is all set to begin work on developing rural infrastructure in the country in a bid to spur growth and perk up investments.
The government is making a "realistic assessment" of how many rural infrastructure projects like roads, bridges, housing, etc, can be accomplished in the current financial year under the existing allocation, sources said.
"Accordingly all the departments have been asked to prepare a plan of the rural infrastructure projects under their mandate and their status and completion schedule," they added.
Government's aim is to connect all the 600 districts and about six lakh villages through roads and bridges and Internet connectivity that would help in growth and development and improve investment flows in farm sector, rural infrastructure and housing in villages, they said.
"Concentrating on rural infrastructure will further help in increasing capital formation in agriculture, which is the key to developing the rural economy," they added.
The government has allocated over Rs 14,000 crore for the construction of rural roads and bridges in this fiscal.
Besides, the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) has been allocated Rs 4,000 crore and the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme has an allocation of Rs 34,000 crore.
Also the central Plan outlay for 2014-15 of Department of Rural Development is Rs 80,043 crore, which includes special programmes for employment, Housing, roads & bridges and social security & welfare.
"The idea is for these rural infrastructure schemes to run parallel to the Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) and the Digital India Programme to get the best possible results," sources said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI gives 30 days to banks on loan disbursal timelinesRBI gives 30 days to banks on loan disbursal timelines
Neha Dasgupta     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 2, 2014  | 12:24 IST
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan (Source: Reuters)
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked lenders to give specific timelines on loan disbursal to ensure faster implementation of projects, while asking banks to maintain a monitoring mechanism to check any delays.
The central bank gave 30 days to banks to put this into practice, it notified on Monday.
"While banks are required to carry out necessary due diligence before arriving at credit decisions, timely and adequate availability of credit is a pre-requisite for successful implementation of large projects," the RBI said.
(Reuters)

BSNL and MTNL to be merged by July next yearYou are here: Home > Collections
BSNL and MTNL to be merged by July 2015
Kalyan Parbat, ET Bureau Sep 3, 2014, 05.58AM IST
Tags:
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd
(In a presentation to Prime…)
KOLKATA: The telecom department (DoT) has for the first time set a cutoff date—July 31, 2015—for concluding the much discussed merger of struggling state-run telecom companies, Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd and Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Ltd.
In a presentation to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, seen by ET, DoT said it expects to "secure Cabinet approval for the proposed BSNL-MTNL merger by June 30 next year".
Towards this, it plans to wrap up merger consultations with the unions of BSNL and MTNL by March 31, 2015, and circulate a draft Cabinet note for inter-ministerial consultations by April 30 next year. MTNL runs telecom services in Delhi and Mumbai while BSNL offers telecom coverage in the rest of India.
In the run-up to the proposed merger, DoT has set additional deadlines for concluding pending organisational restructuring initiatives in both the telcos. For instance, it has set a December 31, 2014, deadline for hiving off BSNL's mobile towers into a wholly-owned arm and also monetising BSNL and MTNL's property holdings to unlock value for their survival, the minutes of DoT's presentation show.
BSNL has 61,622 mobile towers, the second largest tower portfolio among all telcos. A sizeable chunk of its tower assets are colocated with landline exchanges to meet business needs.
BSNL is also the holder of one of the largest land banks among state-owned firms with properties reckoned to be running into thousands of crores of rupees across 3,500 towns. It had recently said it hoped to raise nearly Rs 500 crore in the first year from leasing parts of its land holdings and would also offer its telecom factories to contract manufacturers to generate cash in its bid to contain losses.
While BSNL is yet to do a valuation of its countrywide property holdings, MTNL's land and building assets are pegged above Rs 3,000 crore, according to a senior company executive.
In addition, DoT plans to provide financial support to compensate MTNL for liabilities stemming from its minimum alternate tax (MAT) payout, which is pegged at roughly Rs 780 crore. It also proposes to fund MTNL's capex needs for expanding its mobile, landline and broadband networks. A top MTNL executive said the company had sought Rs 2,000 crore from DoT for meeting network expansion capex costs over a three-year span.
BSNL and MTNL have an infrastructure-sharing pact for providing joint services to companies. They share assets such as buildings, mobile masts and international longdistance phone networks to service mostly enterprise customers.
DoT's presentation to the prime minister on the BSNL-MTNL merger road map comes at a time when the Narendra Modi government is trying to revive the two financially stressed telcos, which continue to reel under hefty losses. MTNL posted a Rs 733.2 crore net loss in the quarter to June, while BSNL incurred a Rs 7,085 crore loss in 2013-14.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Telcos seek RBI nod for arms as payments banksAirtel
(Say RBI approval will allow…)
NEW DELHI: Telecom operators have urged the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to allow their fully-owned subsidiaries to function as payments banks, arguing that this will allow them to operate on a low-cost model and meet the government's financial inclusion targets.
The GSM industry body, Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI), has written to the central bank, saying that some of the clauses on promoter equity, foreign equity, rural branches and ring-fencing in the draft guidelines will make it complex and expensive for telecom operators to function as payments banks. It has also asked RBI to do away with the restriction on the maximum deposits per customer and align it with those applicable to any scheduled bank.
According to the draft guidelines, at least 40% of the paid-up capital should be held by the promoter which shall be locked in for five years from the date of commencement of business. This has to be brought down to 26% within 12 years. "Since payments banks cannot lend, this clause need not apply to us. Such clauses are necessary in entities which lend," a senior executive of a telecom operator told ET.
Most of the draft guidelines will bring telecom companies under the ambit of banking audit, said the executive, requesting anonymity. "Telecom companies obviously do not want to come under the onerous banking governance laws. The current guidelines will turn a telecom company which acquires a licence into a bank from a regulatory compliance view. However, since we aren't lending any money out we don't need such strict governance," the executive said.
The industry body, which represents Bharti Airtel , Vodafone and Idea Cellular , has further suggested to RBI that it should allow 100%
foreign shareholding for payments banks so that telecom operators with high levels of foreign direct investment or FDI can also acquire a licence.
"RBI should structure the licence in a way that tallies with the existing telecom laws in the country. Otherwise it will get extremely complex and difficult to meet the financial inclusion targets," another senior executive at a telecom company said.
Vodafone was the first foreign telecom operator to become a full owner after the government permitted 100% FDI in telecom companies last year.
Another problem under the current draft guidelines is ring-fencing, COAI told the central bank. The draft guidelines say that other financial as well as non-financial services or activities of promoters should be ring-fenced and not commingled with the payments bank products. However, operators disagree, arguing that such a guideline will defeat the purpose of a telecom operator acquiring a banking licence.
For ring-fencing, adequate safeguards and supervision can be put in place. However, sharing of existing infrastructure to handle consumer grievances, distributions network, know-your-customer (KYC) norms and other operational factors should be allowed between the mobile operators and the subsidiary payments banks.
The operators say that supervision and monitoring can ensure that critical active banking functions such as treasury, banking transactions and risk management are segregated and ring-fenced from core business.
Since KYC norms are already in place, a unified KYC is required to get millions of unbanked customers into the fold at a much faster rate, COAI has argued.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Abe + Abbott + Modi: The AAM trilateral that could stop China s rise(Like Modi and Abe, Abbott…)
?By Amitabh Mattoo & Ashok Malik
It's an interesting coincidence that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Japan - his first bilateral trip outside the subcontinent - is being followed so quickly by the arrival in India of Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott.
Like Modi and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan, Abbott represents a right-wing political constituency, has a spare, no-frills style and has made economic diplomacy and a clear-headed approach to China's ascendancy central to his foreign policy. Few countries in the region have more in common today, both in values and interests, than India, Australia and Japan.
Abbott is building on a bipartisan legacy. India and Australia have had a growing relationship since John Howard and Atal Bihari Vajpayee took the initiative a decade ago.
More recently, the UPA government sent a series of ministers Down Under. It was a Labour Party PM, Julia Gillard, who made the effort to change party and national policy and called for selling uranium to India. An agreement on nuclear commerce will probably be finalised by Abbott and Modi. It is not as if the relationship has been without hiccups.
Australian over-reaction to India's Pokhran II tests in 1998; Kevin Rudd's swashbuckling but ill-fated swerve to China as PM, and his initial snubbing of India; the violence against Indian students in Melbourne in 2009; India's economic decline in the past few years: all of these led to the India-Australia partnership delivering below potential.
Yet, this is an opportune moment. In November,Modi travels to Brisbane for the G-20 summit and could follow it up with a bilateral visit, the first by an Indian PM since 1986.
The tensions of 2009 are a thing of the past and India constitutes the largest source of skilled migrants to Australia, having supplanted China in 2012. The scope for business is enormous. Energy security is a key thrust of Modi's international engagements and Australia has coal and gas to offer, as well as uranium as and when India's nuclear plans firm up.
Mining, as finance minister Arun Jaitley has pointed out, is critical to the government as a driver of growth and employment. Here again, there is place for Australian expertise.
With the hope of legislation to end Coal India's monopoly and permit merchant mining, there will be room for Australian mining conglomerates. Of course, this may require a shift in orientation. Some Australian resources giants, such as BHP Billiton, have been keener to export to India, rather than get their hands dirty in actual mining operations.
In the Modi era of 'Come, Make in India', this may not go down well. To be fair, others like Rio Tinto and Hancock have demonstrated interest in collaborating with Indian partners.
Education and skill development is another vast sea waiting to be explored. The University of Melbourne, for instance, rated consistently in the top 40 in the world, got no more than 17 undergraduate students from India at the beginning of this academic year.
This should change. When it comes to skilling and vocational education, Australian institutional advantages can fit well with New Delhi's ambitions of equipping a young population for jobs, as evident from the setting up of a separate department of skill development.
Beyond economics, there is politics. Two decades ago, India's 'Look East' policy was constructed around an outreach to the Asean bloc, with Japan and Australia viewed as a second tier, to be met using Asean-centric frameworks such as the East Asia Summit.
Today, Asean is a weaker collective. The ability (and willingness) of many of its members to say 'no' to China has declined. Vietnam, the Philippines and, to a degree, Indonesia remain among the last holdouts.
 
Given this, India's quest for achieving regional balance - a polite, bland euphemism for addressing the China question - will inevitably see it seeking arrangements beyond the Asean combine, with individual South-east Asian countries, as well as with Japan and Australia.
In time, Abe, Abbott and Modi could emerge as the Indo-Pacific's AAM trilateral.
Mattoo is Director, Australia-India Institute ,University of Melbourne. Malik holds the AIIORF Chair of Indo-Pacific Studies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

$1 billion fund for  Made in India  telecom gear pushYou are here: Home > Collections > Pmo
Government may float $1 billion fund for 'Made in India' telecom gear push
Kalyan Parbat, ET Bureau Sep 4, 2014, 03.03AM IST
Tags:
indian origin
(Once promoters of telecom…)
KOLKATA: The telecom department is examining a proposal from the National Manufacturing Competitiveness Council, at the instance of the Prime Minister's Office, to float a $1 billion (about Rs 6,000 crore) government-sponsored fund to seed 'Made in India' technologies to boost local gear manufacturing.
The proposed telecom manufacturing fund will "infuse equity in start-ups promoted by technocrats and scientists of Indian origin on condition that product development and manufacturing happens in India," says a note forwarded by the PMO to the telecom department, a copy of which was reviewed by ET.
Once promoters of telecom start-ups commit that development and manufacturing will happen in India, the fund will bear full costs through equity infusion. It will retain majority ownership and be the final authority for clearing all proposals related to a potential transfer of management control, measures aimed at ensuring that promising telecom start-ups don't get acquired midstream by multinational firms.
The fund will "maintain over 51% stake to ensure a strong telecom start-up isn't acquired by an MNC and prevented from reaching its full potential in India,"the note says. The National Manufacturing Competitiveness Council has suggested in a communique to the PMO that the "government commit at least a billion dollars to support the development of disruptive technologies towards telecom equipment manufacturing in India".
The council was established nearly a decade ago by the Centre to recommend policies to recharge and sustain growth of manufacturing industries across sectors. The PMO has sought the telecom department's feedback on the proposed fund since the previous government's plans to float multiple central funds to support local telecom product development, and research and development, have not seen the light of day.
The thrust on local telecom equipment manufacturing is also at the heart of the Narendra Modi-led government's Digital India project, which aims to deliver citizen services to the common man electronically and completely replace imported electronics with locally manufactured ones.
Significantly, India's preferential market access (PMA) policy, which mandates a minimum 30% local sourcing of telecom gear in its bid to boost local manufacturing, only applies to government contracts and does not extend to private telecom operators or global telecom network vendors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM s mantra: Converge ministries for rural infra pushYou are here: Home > Collections
Narendra Modi for convergence of ministries to get rural infrastructure programmes on right track
ET Bureau Sep 4, 2014, 04.27AM IST
Tags:
(Modi has directed Planning…)
By Yogima Sharma
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has directed Planning Secretary Sindhushree Khullar to review the progress of central schemes aimed at building basic rural infrastructure and prepare a road map for convergence of ministries involved in such schemes.
The directive comes days after the prime minister reviewed the performance of core infrastructure sectors. A senior government official told ET that Khullar will soon make a presentation to the prime minister on her assessment, which will include the state of rural houses, toilets, drinking water, power, renewable energy, health and education.
"As directed by the PMO, the secretary last week convened a meeting of secretaries of the concerned ministries to review the progress of central rural development schemes involved in creation of basic infrastructure," the official said, requesting anonymity.
The prime minister's intervention is significant as infrastructure development in rural India had got stuck under the previous government because of lack of convergence between ministries.
The Modi-led NDA has set a target of providing houses, with water, toilet, power and fuel to all by 2022. This will need a well-laid out roadmap for mandatory convergence between ministries. Another official, who attended the meeting, said the exercise was to ensure that all ministries involved in the development of tier-II infrastructure were in agreement.
"The idea is to resolve all inter-ministerial differences at the level of the Planning Commission, so that we have a clear sense of how to go forward to achieve the targets," this official said.
The rural development ministry is one of the biggest spenders after defence , with nearly Rs 80,000 crore in budgetary allocation for implementing flagship schemes such as Indira Awaas Yojana, which seeks to provide houses to the rural poor, along with the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, which envisages all-weather rural road connectivity.
Besides, ministry of sanitation has to ensure drinking water as well as toilets to all households in the country, while the onus for providing electricity and fuel for rural household lies with the ministry of power and the ministry of new and renewable energy.
Although these schemes have spent several lakh crores of rupees over the years, not many rural houses can boast of all these facilities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rural Min to spend Rs 3.45L cr to build 30 million houses by 2022You are here: Home > Collections
Nitin Gadkari's rural development ministry to spend Rs 3.45 lakh crore to build 30 million houses by 2022
Yogima Seth Sharma, ET Bureau Sep 1, 2014, 07.59AM IST
(Rural development ministry’s…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre is homing in on rural India for a massive economic stimulus, with the Nitin Gadkari-led rural development ministry drawing up plans to spend Rs 3.45 lakh crore to build nearly 30 million houses for the homeless by 2022 under the National Gramin Awaas Mission.
The nearly Rs 50,000 crore a year programme in the works that seeks to turn Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision of housing for all into reality envisages even bigger allocation than the previous Congress-led UPA government's ambitious rural employment generation scheme - Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act.
The goal is to include all rural families that do not have a pucca house under the new scheme that will eventually replace the Indira Awaas Yojana that covers only families below poverty line. A note has been circulated for inter-ministerial consultation, after which it will be sent to the finance ministry, a senior rural development ministry official told ET. "The final note, with inputs from Planning Commission and the ministry of drinking water and sanitation, will go to the finance ministry. Once approved, it will be taken up by the Cabinet," the official said, requesting anonymity.
The scale of the proposed mission is evident from the fact that the IAY, launched in 1985, has provided houses to 32.5 million rural families at a cumulative expenditure of about Rs 1 lakh crore in nearly three decades.
Experts say the government can achieve its target if the private sector chips in with funds. "States which have fiscal stability and enough funds will be able to keep pace with the Centre and may be able to contribute their share of 25% but for weaker states it will be difficult to contribute this kind of funds," said DK Pant, chief economist, India Ratings & Research. "However, the proposal to raise funds through charity, donations or even CSR (corporate social responsibility), if comes through, will be a great push towards achieving the targets."
 
The scheme proposes to increase the unit cost by over 57% from the current Rs 70,000 a unit to Rs 1.10 lakh a unit in plains and a hike of 67% from Rs 75,000 to Rs 1.25 lakh per house in hilly or difficult areas.
The total number of rural houses to be built over seven years from 2015 has been pegged at 29.5 million, based on the Socio Economic and Caste Census 2011, excluding this year's target of 2.5 million houses.
The overall expenditure to achieve the target works out at Rs 3.45 lakh crore, with an average cost of Rs 1.17 lakh per unit.
The scheme promises to create tremendous opportunities for different skills in rural areas and also spur the various infrastructure sectors such as cement and steel.
The other proposals include increasing the size of each unit from the current 20 square metres to 25 square metres, making toilets an integral part of the scheme, with a minimum sum assured at Rs 10,000 or on a par with the allocation for household toilets under the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan.
Besides, it has suggested revision of upgradation cost from the present Rs 15,000 to Rs 50,000 under the new scheme.
The ministry has further proposed to set up technology facilitation centres that will help rural households use locally available material for construction of houses under the scheme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  Australia to sign nuclear deal as Prime Minister Tony Abbott visitsYou are here: Home > Collections > Australia
India, Australia to sign nuclear deal as Prime Minister Tony Abbott visits
AFP Sep 4, 2014, 10.49AM IST
Tags:
Andrew Robb
(India and Australia kick-started…)
MUMBAI: Australia's prime minister said on Thursday India offered an "abundance" of opportunity, on the first day of a visit during which he is expected to sign a long-awaited deal to sell uranium to the energy-starved nation.
Tony Abbott is expected to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi and senior ministers during a two-day visit also aimed at boosting trade.
"The purpose of this trip, as far as I'm concerned, is to acknowledge the importance of India in the wider world, acknowledge the importance of India to Australia's future," he told business leaders in Mumbai.
"There is an abundance of opportunities here in India. I am determined to make the most of them."
Abbott is expected to sign the agreement in Delhi on Friday when he meets Modi, who swept to power in May promising to open up Asia's ailing third-largest economy to foreign investment.
India and Australia kick-started negotiations on uranium sales in 2012 after Canberra lifted a long-standing ban on exporting the valuable ore to Delhi to meet its ambitious nuclear energy programme.
Australia, the world's third-largest producer of uranium, had previously ruled out selling the metal because nuclear-armed India has not signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
Trade Minister Andrew Robb , who is travelling with Abbott, said Canberra is now happy with India's precautions to ensure Australian uranium exports would be used only for peaceful purposes.
"We have satisfied ourselves that the steps (for appropriate safeguards) are in place," Robb said this week.
"We expect significant outcomes from the visit to further enhance our partnership," said Sanjay Bhattacharya, Indian foreign ministry joint secretary, on the eve of Abbott's arrival.
"For us, Australia is a major supplier of resources, particularly energy necessary for our development needs."
Before heading to Delhi, the premier will also meet cricketing great Sachin Tendulkar and former Australian stars Adam Gilchrist and Brett Lee, ahead of Australia's hosting of the World Cup next year.
But analyst and former Indian diplomat Neelam Deo said all eyes will be on the nuclear deal , which will boost future exports and heralds closer strategic ties.
"The deal has been in the works for years and was mostly negotiated by the previous Labor government," Deo, director of Mumbai-based think-tank Gateway House, told AFP.
"The signing of the deal removes one of the only challenges to closer ties between the countries in the region."
India, which is heavily dependent on coal for generating power, has 20-odd small nuclear plants with plans for more.
The deal with Australia would potentially ramp up those plans, as India struggles to produce enough power to meet rising demand and suffers crippling power shortages.
Australia's decision to overturn its ban on sales to India followed a landmark 2008 deal between Delhi and Washington for the United States to support its civilian nuclear programme.
Abbott is due to head on to Malaysia on Saturday for talks with Prime Minister Najib Razak, before returning home.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott supports uranium deal with IndiaAustralian Prime Minister Tony Abbott supports uranium deal with India
PTI Sep 2, 2014, 08.10PM IST
Tags:
Australian Prime Minister
(Media reports recently…)
MELBOURNE: Ahead of his visit to India, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott today strongly supported sealing of the much-awaited uranium export deal with the country under 'suitable safeguards'.
"I make the point if we are prepared to sell uranium to Russia, and we've been prepared to do that in the past, surely we ought to be prepared to provide uranium to India under suitable safeguards," Abbott said.
"India is a full functioning democracy with the rule of law," he said, adding that his government was working with India to put suitable safeguards in place.
He said Australia should be prepared to provide "support" and that is what his upcoming visit would be all about.
Abbott will arrive in Delhi on September 4 to further strengthen the strategic partnership and promote trade and investment between the two countries.
Earlier, Australian Trade Minister Andrew Robb, who will accompany Abbott on his India visit, said, "We have satisfied ourselves that the steps are in place."
Media reports recently said the two sides have reached the deal on the civil nuclear agreement, which will be formally signed by Prime Minister Abbott during his visit.
The negotiations between the two sides have been on since 2012 after Labor party reversed its decision to ban the uranium sale to India because New Delhi has not signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
"The negotiations and work that's gone on between authorities in India and Australia have gone on for some years to develop a bilateral nuclear cooperation agreement which meets the international requirements and we are satisfied, our officials are satisfied that all the requirements have been met," Robb said in a radio interview to ABC channel.
"And we are in a position, if that's what comes about with the Prime Minister's visit, to sign such a cooperation agreement," he said.
Australia holds about a third of the world's recoverable uranium resources, and exports nearly 7,000 tonnes a year.
Energy-starved India is looking to nuclear power to supplement its existing options to fuel economic growth.
India has already concluded civil nuclear cooperation agreements with countries like Argentina and Kazakhstan.
Last week, Abbott had said he will visit New Delhi and Mumbai to strengthen the strategic partnership with India under the new government.
Australia and India have strong and growing economic and trade ties. India is Australia's fifth largest export market, with total exports of 11.4 billion dollars, and there is potential for further cooperation in resources, science, technology and education.
Two years back, then prime minister Julia Gillard on her visit to India had announced that the two countries would begin negotiations for a nuclear safeguards agreement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Centre mulls tweaking of coal block auction normsCentre mulls tweaking of coal block auction norms
Debjoy Sengupta, ET Bureau Sep 4, 2014, 03.08AM IST
Tags:
centre
(In a meeting organised by…)
KOLKATA: Following the Supreme Court's declaration that termed allocation of more than 200 coal blocks by the government as "illegal and arbitrary", the Centre has entered into fresh discussions with industry for finding out new ways of making allotments.
In a meeting organised by the coal ministry on Wednesday, it tried to tweak its existing auction procedure to fit the law. Relevant Acts may also be tweaked to legally allow such auctions. "The meeting was attended by officials from the coal ministry, legal department and industry representatives. It was felt necessary to tweak the existing set of laws so that coal blocks can be allocated to private parties and state governments are allowed to mine coal. In fact, it is now evident that coal blocks cannot be allocated to independent power producers and power utilities under the present set of laws. The fate of the ultra mega power projects ( UMPPs ) also hangs fire now," a senior official told ET.
"Alternate auction procedures were also considered at the meeting. However, as the Supreme Court is yet to make a ruling on the subject, a final decision on the subject could not be taken. Another round of meeting has been scheduled next week, by which time the apex court is expected to give its verdict. Tweaking of the necessary articles of relevant acts is likely to be discussed in the meeting," he said.
A Supreme Court bench led by chief justice RM Lodha said the allocation of coal blocks suffered from the "vice of arbitrariness and legal flaws". The allocations relate to the period from 1993 to 2011, during the regimes of both the NDA and UPA governments. However, over 190 of these allocations were done during the tenure of the UPA government , which had defended these allocations in January, when the court reserved its order. The allocations were made on the basis of recommendations of a screening committee, formed in 1992, for evaluating applications from private power generating companies for ownership and operation of captive coal mines.
Another set of allocations was through the government dispensation quota, under which allocations were made by the coal ministry to government companies, including Coal India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Environment Min eases norms for coal mines expansion projectsCentral Pollution Control Board
(The environment ministry…)
NEW DELHI : The environment ministry has decided to give a one-time exemption from public hearing for coal mines' expansion projects and allow mining in the critically polluted cluster of Chandrapur, Maharashtra, to boost coal output amid reports of looming power crisis due to coal shortages.
These measures are being taken to "quickly ramp up coal production for enhancing power production in public interest", the ministry said.
It has decided to give a one-time exemption from holding public hearing for expansion plans of existing coal mining projects that have a production capacity of more than 20 million tonnes per annum.
The maximum production limit for such expansion is 6 million tonnes per year. Also, projects using this provision must ensure that the additional production is transported by a conveyor or through rail transport.
The environment ministry has also decided to lift a moratorium on expansion of existing coal mining projects in Chandrapur in the poll-bound state of Maharashtra.
The ministry imposes moratorium on industrial clusters with high comprehensive environmental pollution index ( CEPI ), based on reviews conducted by the Central Pollution Control Board .
This index, designed as an early warning tool, captures the various health dimensions of environment including air, water, and land. The higher the score, the higher the priority for intervention.
Chandrapur is listed as a "critically polluted area" that is higher up in the priority list for interventions to address environmental pollution.
The coal ministry has been consistently opposed to the CEPI-based moratorium as many of its coalfields fall in industrial clusters found to be critically polluted. The coal ministry had represented to the environment ministry that given the importance of augmenting coal production, which is a site-specific activity, coal mining projects be allowed in Chandrapur.
The environment ministry, in its decision to keep the moratorium in 'temporary abeyance', said that the air and water indices in the cluster are 'severe' and that for land is 'critical'.
The major sources of surface and ground water pollution "in order of potential pollution as conveyed by the CPCB are: paper industries clubbed with caustic soda plants, untreated domestic effluents from Chandrapur and Ballarpur towns, some chemical industries, coals mines and accidental discharges, if any," it said.
The ministry's assessment is that coal mining activities do not 'seem' to be the major contributor to the pollution load in the area. Therefore, the ministry has decided to consider all proposals for expansion of coal mines in the area, as long as it doesn't involve additional mine lease area and there is no change in the mining method.
These projects will have to adhere to additional conditions included in the action plan to address the high levels of pollution.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt to take neutral stand in Supreme Court on coal block allocationsGovernment to take neutral stand in Supreme Court on coal block allocations
Sarita Singh, ET Bureau Sep 4, 2014, 03.20AM IST
Tags:
(The government will now…)
Sarita.Singh @timesgroup.com
NEW DELHI: The government will not press its request for sparing 46 coal blocks from cancellation at the next Supreme Court hearing, even as it started identifying mines that would likely become available for auction after the court's judgement.The decision was taken at a meeting held by Coal Minister Piyush Goyal with his ministry's officials on Wednesday, a senior government official said.
Last week, the Supreme Court held that the allocation of coal blocks to various firms between 1993 and 2009 was illegal. Following that, the government asked the court to spare 40 producing and six soon-to-be-operational blocks from cancellation, and instead impose penalties on the operators for any wrongdoing while procuring them. Wednesday's decision is a change from that stand.
The government will now merely pass on the information collected from the coal-block owners to the Supreme Court during the next hearing on September 9, which is crucial for the developers as it is probably the last chance for them to save their blocks.
The government will submit an affidavit containing names and status of the 46 blocks, but would not bat for them, the official said. "The government has decided to be silent and neutral during the hearing." The coal ministry on Wednesday shot fresh letters to the owners of the 46 blocks asking them to submit affidavits swearing that the information on coal blocks being submitted to the ministry was correct.This is in addition to the information regarding status of their coal blocks sought by the ministry on Monday. Half of the producing 40 blocks are owned by private firms and the rest by state-run companies. Jindal Steel & Power, Steel Authority of India, Prakash Industries, Damodar Valley Corp, Monnet Ispat & Steel, Prakash Industries, Sunflag Industries, Electrosteel Castings and state utilities of West Bengal and Karnataka are among the owners. The six coal blocks that are expected to commence production shortly are allotted to companies including NTPC , GVK Power & Infrastructure, Damodar Valley Corp and Jaiprakash Associates .
The ministry has also sent letters seeking information to state utilities in Rajasthan and Gujarat that operate 15 lignite mines.The official said the coal ministry has started identifying blocks that could come back to its kitty after the Supreme Court's hearing on next Tuesday.The government's pilot round of coal block auction didn't elicit any response from steel and cement companies, forcing it to scrap the bidding process. The ministry has been looking for mines with substantial reserves and pre-obtained clearances to attract investments.Goyal had on August 25 said the government was prepared to act quickly on the final decision of the Supreme Court. "Decisions will be taken expeditiously to ramp up indigenous production of coal," he said at that time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

E-cigarettes may promote illicit drug use and addictionApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Vijay Mallya to Challenge Wilful Defaulter TagYou are here: Home Corporates
Vijay Mallya to Challenge Wilful Defaulter Tag, but May Face Turbulent Days
NDTV | Written By: Varun Sinha | Updated On: September 04, 2014 15:06 (IST)
Fashion World Divided on First Look at Apple Watch
Shares in companies related to Vijay Mallya have come under pressure since Monday when state-run United Bank of India declared him wilful defaulter number 408 for not paying a loan of a Rs 350 crore given to Kingfisher Airlines. UBI will now report Mr Mallya to 16 other banks to which his Kingfisher Airlines owes more than Rs 6,000 crore.
Mr Mallya today said, "We disagree with the findings of the Grievance Redressal Committee before which we had no opportunity to appear and we shall pursue all available legal remedies." ( Read full story )
His statement comes days after the Supreme Court refused to entertain a petition filed by Kingfisher Airlines against United Bank's decision. On Tuesday, the court dismissed Kingfisher's objection saying the order declaring Mr Mallya a wilful defaulter had already been passed. However, the court left it open to Kingfisher to move any court against UBI's order.
Meanwhile, other lenders are mounting pressure on the liquor baron to recover their dues. By Friday, Mr Mallya has to appear before IDBI Bank, which is struggling to recover Rs 750 crore from Kingfisher Airlines. ( Read the full story here )
IDBI Bank is considering declaring Mallya a "wilful defaulter", the bank's chairman MS Raghavan told Reuters yesterday.
State Bank of India and Punjab National Bank are among other big lenders who have given loan to the grounded carrier, which has not flown since October 2012.
According to the Reserve Bank, a wilful defaulter in one who as a borrower has the ability to pay, but is unwilling to pay. A wilful default can also happen if the company/person has diverted loan proceeds for other than their initially stated use or has overstated profits to obtain a loan, the RBI says.
Banks follow an elaborate procedure, laid down by the Reserve Bank of India, before declaring somebody as a wilful defaulter. Such cases are looked into by a committee of higher functionaries headed by the executive director and two GMs/DGMs of the bank.
In case of United Bank, a Grievance Redressal Committee headed by executive director Deepak Narang was formed to investigate the case.
The wilful defaulter tag is not only a naming and shaming exercise, but could also entail significant criminal and financial liabilities for Mr Mallya. The central bank has stipulated strict penal measures for wilful defaulters, so in the coming days Mr Mallya could face some anxious moments.
Here are the measures recommended for wilful defaulters by the Reserve Bank of India,
1) Banks can write to market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to debar a wilful defaulter from accessing the securities market.
2) Lenders do not grant additional facilities to wilful defaulters. In case of fraud, such persons can be debarred from institutional finance for floating new ventures for 5 years.
3) Banks can initiate legal proceedings against wilful defaulters to recover dues. Criminal proceedings can be initiated, if necessary.
4) Banks and financial institutions can adopt a proactive approach for a change of management of the wilfully defaulting borrower unit. Mr Mallya may have to relinquish his board seat in a number of his companies because they will not be eligible for fundraising. Besides heading Kingfisher Airlines and his UB Group, Mr Mallya is chairman of United Breweries and United Spirits which is majority-owned by Diageo.
5) Banks will not do business with any company where a person declared to be a wilful defaulter is a director on the board.
At a time when Indian stock markets are hitting successive record highs, shares in Mr Mallya's companies are floundering. On Thursday, UB Holdings shares fell for a fourth straight session. The stock has lost over 14 per cent since September 1, when Mr Mallya was declared a wilful defaulter. Kingfisher Airlines, which has now become a penny stock, has shed over 8 per cent since Monday.
Shares in Mr Mallya's liquor companies - United Breweries and United Spirits - have managed to stay flat despite the turbulence over the last four days.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 15:02 (IST)

Employees rejoice as HNIs tank up on unliste...Employees make big bucks from share sales as HNIs hunt for sunrise sectors
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 12.30PM IST
(With the emergence of wealth…)
MUMBAI: Big bucks from share sales are not just made in the stock market. Employees, especially those working for financial services and ecommerce companies, have started making a killing though their companies are not yet listed.
In the past few months, shares of some of India Inc's biggest financial services firms have changed hands in off-market deals as high net worth individuals and brokers chase investment opportunities in companies with a high probability of listing within the next three years.
Traditionally, an employee or a small shareholder of an unlisted company had limited options in case of an exit. They could wait for an IPO or sell it back to the management in case there was a buyback arrangement.
With the emergence of wealth management firms and the rise in the number of high net worth individuals, these options have increased. The trend, which began with financial services companies, is now extending to ecommerce firms such as Snapdeal.
"In the unlisted space, there's a huge appetite among HNIs to own firms that are not represented in the listed space," says Rajesh Cheruvu, chief investment officer, RBS Private Banking.
HNIs Hunting in Sunrise Sectors
Anshu Kapoor, head of private wealth management at Edelweiss Capital, says many HNI family offices are scouting for opportunities in sunrise sectors such as mobile applications, healthcare and telecom.
A look at some recent deals shows employees and other residual shareholders of financial services companies to be among the big beneficiaries. For instance, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance had offered Esops in various tranches of Rs 30, Rs 42, Rs 70 and Rs 130 in 2005-09. These shares have now changed hands at Rs 210-225 giving a 300% return to the selling employees.
Shares of Kolhapur-based Ratnakar Bank were recently sold at Rs 170, a 209% gain for employees who bought at Rs 52-55. In March, private equity fund CDC acquired a 4.8% stake in the lender at Rs 128.1 a share, valuing the bank at Rs 3,500 crore. That's risen to Rs 4,625 crore based on the latest transactions. Employees of HDFC Standard Life exercised their Esops at Rs 28.36 apiece in March 2012 and Rs 27.37 in March 2014.
Shares have been bought recently for Rs 140, a 393% return. In UTI Mutual Fund, the weighted average exercise price of Esops issued in 2007 and vested in 2012-13 is Rs 206 while the shares currently trade at Rs 300, giving investors a 46% appreciation.
  Some transactions are also believed to have taken place in the booming ecommerce sector with past employees of firms such as Snapdeal among the sellers. Transactions have been few and details about price and valuation could not be ascertained. Unlike listed stocks, the unlisted space has few brokers and trades are made through known sources.
Often, a broker accumulates small lots of shares from employees who have earned them as Esops, or from investors who have bought earlier and are looking for an exit. Once the broker has a sizeable chunk of shares, typically worth more than Rs 1 crore, it's offered to HNIs. The biggest deterrent in the case of unlisted shares, when compared with listed ones, is the tax treatment, say experts. "The tax treatment of unlisted stocks is unfavourable compared with listed stocks," says Sandeep Ginodia, director, Sapphire Wealth Management Systems.
Investments routed through the stock exchange and held for more than a year qualify for zero long-term capital gains tax. However, taxation is different for unlisted shares: you have to pay shortterm capital gains tax of 30% if you sell before three years and long-term capital gains tax of 10% or 20% with indexation if you sell them after three years.
Also, as per regulatory guidelines, preissue capital will be locked for one year from the date of a public issue. That means investors can sell only a year after the public issue. Also, an employee who acquires an Esop pays a perquisite tax which is the difference between the fair market value (FMV) of the shares on the date of exercise of the option and the price paid by the employee.
Since these companies are unlisted, very little financial information is available. Also, because there's no formal platform to trade these shares, the demand-supply situation varies and the price at which deals are struck could be a function of the quantity, demand-supply situation and the sentiment prevailing in the secondary markets.
Unlike listed shares, where a holder can exit through the stock exchange, liquidity is poor in unlisted companies. You would have to look for an IPO or another buyer. Brokers advise investors to be careful about promoter pedigree and management as there have been several instances in the past when companies offloaded shares to investors and simply disappeared.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Abbott to hand over idolsNEW DELHI, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 5, 2014 03:27 IST
Abbott to hand over idols
Amit Baruah
Special Arrangement The idols were stolen from Tamil Nadu and housed in Australian galleries.
TOPICS
international relations
A $5.6-million bronze Nataraja idol of the Sripuranthan temple and a $300,000 stone Shiva idol will be handed over to Prime Minister Narendra Modi by his Australian counterpart, Tony Abbott, on Friday. Both were stolen from Tamil Nadu and housed in Australian galleries.
A senior government official confirmed to The Hindu that the Australian Prime Minister would hand over the idols on Friday. The official said the Australian leader wanted to bring the two idols on his plane, but both were so heavy that a jumbo aircraft had been requisitioned.
In March, the External Affairs Ministry, through the Indian High Commission, forwarded to the Australian Attorney-General’s department requests from the Tamil Nadu Police for the return of the Shiva figure at the National Gallery of Australia, Canberra, and the Ardhnariswara idol at the Art Gallery of New South Wales, Sydney.
In 2012, Subhash Kapoor, owner of the “Art of the Past” Gallery in New York, was arrested in Germany and subsequently extradited to India. He is accused of conspiracy to commit burglary and smuggling of antique idols of Hindu deities belonging to the Chola Period (11th-12th Century AD) from Tamil Nadu.

Jabong investors Rocket  Kinnevik to make it...Accel Partners
(Rocket Internet also operates…)
BANGALORE: Online fashion retailer Jabong is opening up a new front in the Indian ecommerce battleground. Its major investors, Germany's Rocket Internet and Swedish investment firm Kinnevik, are merging five of their international fashion ecommerce firms, including Jabong, into a single global entity. This will allow the Delhi-based company to tap into a global knowledge base and also give it access to new and large investors. The combined conglomerate has been named Global Fashion Group (GFG).
Rocket Internet also operates other consumer Internet ventures in India such as furniture e-tailer Fab Furnish and food delivery service firm FoodPanda .
"We are delighted to have joined forces and have created a global fashion giant which is active in four continents. This will lead to an even better experience for us internally but also for our customers. We can rely on common sourcing, outstanding IT competencies and our experiences with private labels," said Praveen Sinha , managing director of Jabong. He, however, declined to provide details of the implications.
Analysts are of the view that the immediate advantage will be in the form of learnings and differentiation in the form of merchandising.
"There's a lot that ecommerce players can learn from firms in other geographies that are ahead on the evolution curve - from customer experience to supply chain," said Neelesh Hundekari , partner at consulting firm AT Kearney. The company can also leverage the global network it has to get exclusive merchandise. "Apart from money, Jabong will also be able to bring in brands of the other companies to India and will also have a global market for its brands," said Arvind Singhal , chairman of retail advisory Technopak.
Kinnevik and Rocket Internet's statement stressed on the online brands that the five entities, all launched in 2011-12, have developed. Jabong, for instance, has launched private labels Lara Karen and Sangria while Southeast Asian site Zalora has launched a namesake in-house brand and another called Ezra.
But the primary and long-term advantage will be in the form of access to capital. "From a capital-raising perspective, it's a good strategy and puts them in the game to compete with Amazon, Flipkart and Alibaba, not just in India but also globally. The main ingredient going forward now will be cash," said Rehan Yar Khan, founder of Orios Venture Partners, which has backed niche apparel portals such as lingerie site Prettysecrets and international market-focused Indian designer wear site Exclusively.in.
Fashion has emerged as one of the most fiercely contested categories in the Indian commerce space. An Accel Partners report said it will see 400% growth in the next three years from $559 million to $2.81 billion by 2016.
After Flipkart's acquisition of fashion ecommerce leader Myntra in May, the combined entity is estimated to have a market share of more than 50% in the online fashion segment. With the $1-billion fund-raising by Flipkart in July, capital is not an immediate concern for the combined entity. Jabong, which is in the second spot, has a market share of about 25%, according to industry estimates.
However, with other large and well-funded players such as Amazon and Snapdeal focusing heavily on fashion, Jabong may soon feel the heat. Fashion has become an important segment for the online mega stores since it provides better margins of about 35%, compared with the less than 5% in the electronics segment. Snapdeal has stated that it expects $1 billion in sales just from fashion next fiscal.
For Rocket Internet, this is another step toward its proposed public offer in Frankfurt , as it now has a single entity that is valued at Rs 21,500 crore (2.7 billion euros), based on the combined valuation of the five entities at the time of their last fund-raising.
GFG will have 4.6 million active customers and more than 7,000 employees and has in total sold goods worth over Rs 3,400 crore (436 million euros) in just the first six months of 2014.
Rocket raised two large rounds of funding in August $445 million from Philippines Long Distance Telephone and $582 million from European Internet firm United Internet.
Its strength in India will only help Rocket's IPO plans. "There is no doubt that India will become a big ecommerce market in the not-so-distant future. A strong presence in India will add to Rocket's overall valuation," said Technopak's Singhal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CBI chief s Ranjit Sinha s odd guest list: Shiv Babu 175 times  Mithilesh 225Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Infosys gains after signing 5-year contract with BPSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 09:20 AM IST
Infosys gains after signing 5-year contract with BP
Infosys has surged 2% on the BSE after signing a five-year group-wide IT outsourcing services contract with BP
India's second largest IT services company Infosys has surged 2% to Rs 3790 on the BSE in the early morning trades after the company signed a five-year group-wide IT outsourcing services contract with BP (formerly British Petroleum).
 
The scope of the engagement will include application support, development as well as enhancing business applications for all of BP's key IT operations.
 
Infosys said the new agreement will be effective from September 1, 2014 and the geographical scope would include BP's main facilities in Houston, Texas, and in the UK, as well as support in locations as diverse as Azerbaijan, Angola, Brazil and Singapore.
 
Although the company did not disclose the value of the contract, industry experts believe it is an extension of the existing contract Infosys signed with BP with some new elements of engagements.
 
Shares of Infosys opened at Rs 3722, touched a high of Rs 3793 and a low of Rs 3722 on the BSE. A total of 2,984 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.
 

Schools get ready for PM Modi s speech  no bus ride home for some studentsComments
When Prime Minister Narendra Modi makes his televised Teachers’ Day speech on Friday, hundreds of students will be worrying about how to get back home or listening raptly and taking notes for a ‘test’ on it the next day.
Most schools in the Capital have made it mandatory for students to stay back for the 3-4.30pm telecast. Some even plan to take attendance and fine students who skip school.     
However, the Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) — which provides close to 1,000 buses to 95 schools — has refused to change its schedule to pick up students in the evening. “We will provide buses in the morning but 5pm is peak office hour.
Tribal students from Maoist-hit Dantewada to interact live with Modi
The general public will be inconvenienced if we divert buses to schools,” said a DTC spokesperson.
“We have, therefore, requested parents to pick up their children,” said Anuradha Joshi, principal, Sardar Patel Vidyalaya.  Other schools, like Tagore International, have hired private buses.
  No in-service training, teachers stuck in time warp
Similar arrangements have been made by NCR schools, though they have not made attendance mandatory like in Delhi.
Bal Bharati Public School in Noida is closed on Friday as exams start Saturday. But it has asked students to catch Modi’s speech at home as they will be tested on it the next day.
“All five main papers will have a question each on the PM’s address carrying two marks each,” said a school circular.
“Many parents came to us with concerns about transportation. After consulting them and our officials, we have decided to take the day off.
But students will have to listen to the speech carefully as we will include questions in the exam,” said principal Asha Prabhakar.
“We have anticipated what the PM’s speech will be about and prepared a questionnaire. Students will be required to fill it in,” added Kamini Bhasin, principal of DPS Noida “Though we have not made attendance mandatory, we have told parents to make sure their children watch the speech,” she added.

Kashmir: Bus washed away by flash floods  50 feared deadComments
At least fifty people were feared dead on Thursday after a bus carrying a wedding party was washed away by flash floods in Jammu and Kashmir’s Rajouri district, even as 20 other flood-related deaths were reported from other parts of the state.
  
Play Pause
An eldery person carrying his patient daughter away after the flood water entered Bone and Joint Hospital at Barzulla in Srinagar. (PTI Photo)
A Kashmiri girl boards a boat from the window of her home as she leaves her flooded neighborhood in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
A view of a flooded house in Srinagar.(Waseem Andrabi/HT Photo)
A Kashmiri boy rows a boat in the front lawns of a submerged house in a flooded area during incessant rains in Srinagar. (Reuters Photo)
Children ride a horse cart on the banks of the river Tawi as it rains in Jammu. (Reuters Photo)
The flood water inundates Hanuman Mandir at Amira after incessant rains in Srinagar. (PTI Photo)
Kashmiri residents carrying a goat wade through floodwaters in Srinagar.(AP Photo)
Three days of heavy rain left rivers in the state flowing above the danger mark and triggered landslides in several places, forcing key highway stretches to close for traffic. More rainfall is likely for at least the next two days, the meteorological department warned.
On Thursday afternoon, the bus -- filled to its capacity of 52, including the bride and groom – was on its way to Lam, around 120 km from Jammu city, when it was hit by surging waters of the Gambhir river. Only three people survived the accident.
“Rescue operations were severely hampered by heavy rainfall,” said Rajouri senior superintendent of police Mubassir Latifi.
The state capital of Srinagar also braced for major floods with the Jhelum, Kashmir’s main river, flowing more than seven feet above the danger mark.
Vast swathes of Srinagar remain inundated, with water levels just a few feet shy of breaching Lal Chowk, the city’s commercial hub.
With water level rising by the hour, locals complained of administrative apathy. “Our colony has been under water since 2am Thursday but no help arrived till morning. Only two boats, with a capacity of four, were made available by the administration, even though hundreds of people are stranded,” said Mushtaq Ali, a resident of Hamdania colony in Srinagar’s Bemina area.
Torrential rainfall forced the Vaishno Devi pilgrimage to be suspended on Thursday after three people were injured in landslides triggered by heavy showers.
The 300-km-long Jammu-Srinagar national highway also closed for traffic after two landslides in the Ramban district left hundreds of vehicles stranded.
South Kashmir’s Anantnag and Kulgam districts are among the worst hit, with at least 50 villages under water and more than 1500 people marooned. On Thursday, the government dispatched 50 boats to the region that evacuated hundreds of people trapped by floodwater. A number of bridges have also collapsed in south and central Kashmir, cutting off several hamlets.
“People living along the banks of Jhelum and embankments of other water bodies have been asked to move to safer areas immediately,” said Kashmir divisional commissioner.
Amid complaints that the administration was slow in responding to the crisis, chief minister Omar Abdullah conducted an aerial survey of flood-affected districts on Thursday, directing officials to take all necessary measures to safeguard lives of people affected by the deluge.
The government has asked the air force to keep a rescue plan ready, and around 500,000 sand bags have been kept available, said a spokesperson. The cabinet has also approved Rs. 10 crore for rescue work.
All schools and colleges are closed in the state till Sunday. Kashmir University has postponed its examination.

Rupee opens weak at 60.43Rupee ends at 60.40 a dollar
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
The rupee ended a tad weaker at 60.40 per dollar on Friday against the previous close of 60.36 per dollar on strong dollar demand from banks and importers.
According to dealers, weakness in the domestic equity market also weighed on the domestic unit. The benchmark Sensex on Friday fell 59.23 points to end at 27,026.70, the 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also shed 9.1 points or 0.11 per cent to end at 8,086.85. Traders are now awaiting the U.S. nonfarm payrolls for further direction.
In intra-day trade, the domestic unit touched a high of 60.38 and a low of 60.51.
Call and Bonds
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short term funds from one another, ended higher at 7.05 per cent from the previous close of 7.00 per cent.
The yield on 10-year benchmark 8.40 per cent government security, maturing in 2024, remained flat at 8.52 per cent. The price of the security also remained flat at Rs. 99.18.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Amtek Auto allots equity sharesAmtek Auto allots equity shares
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
Amtek Auto has informed the stock exchanges that the allotment committee of its board of directors on Thursday had allotted 10,38,793 equity shares at Rs 148.40 a share upon conversion of FCCBs (foreign currency convertible bonds) of $3.17 million.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Venu Srinivasan to resign from Oriental Hotels boardHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Venu Srinivasan to resign from Oriental Hotels board
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
Oriental Hotels in a filing to the stock exchanges said Venu Srinivasan has expressed his desire to resign from the board of directors of the company citing some personal reasons.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Den Networks in pact with Jasper InfotechDen Networks in pact with Jasper Infotech
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
Den Networks said it has entered into a 50:50 joint venture agreement with Jasper Infotech Pvt Ltd (which owns and operates digital commerce platform snapdeal.com ).
In a filing to the stock exchange, Den said the tie-up was for setting up a television channel to be used as a market place platform to facilitate the sale of branded and unbranded merchandise and services, including vouchers offered by third party sellers.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Modi govt s 100 days: Smriti Irani  impactApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Tea with Mohanlal contest by Kanan Devan ends tomorrow‘Tea with Mohanlal’ contest by Kanan Devan ends tomorrow
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 5:  
Kanan Devan Tea, the heritage tea brand from Tata Global Beverages, will end tomorrow a contest for consumers to win an opportunity for having tea with leading cine star Mohanlal.
According to a company spokesman, Re 1 from each contest entry is going into a fund being raised on behalf of the Regional Cancer Centre in Thiruvananthapuram.
The Kanan Devan Onam Contest is open for consumers shopping in supermarkets and SupplyCo (Kerala State Civil Supplies Corporation) stores in Ernakulum, Thiruvananthapuram, Kottayam, Thrissur, Kollam and Palakkad.
Consumers merely need to give a missed call to a toll free number to be treated with a cup of Kanan Devan Tea and also participate in the contest. They would receive a call from Mohanlal, and be asked to answer two questions.
Other consumers across the State can also participate in the contest by just giving a missed call to the toll free number.
Winners receive freebies from Kanan Devan and one person per day is chosen to have Kanan Devan Tea with Mohanlal.
Vikram Grover, Vice President and Marketing Head - India and South Asia, Tata Global Beverages, said that the company wants to bring the legacy of the superstar to the nostalgia of tea for a special union that was driven by a cause.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

L&T bags order worth Rs 5 100 cr from M.P. State utilityHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
L&T bags order worth Rs 5,100 cr from M.P. State utility
Our Bureaus
Tweet
Pune/Mumbai, Sept 5:  
Larsen & Toubro has bagged a Rs 5,100-crore order from Madhya Pradesh Power Generating Company Ltd (MPPGCL) to set up a 2X660 MW super critical thermal power project at Shree Singaji TPP on a complete engineering, procurement and construction basis.
In a filing to the BSE, the company said that the project order covers design, engineering, manufacture, supply, erection and commissioning of two coal-fired thermal units of 660 MW each with supercritical parameters. The project is located in the Khandwa district of Madhya Pradesh.
The project demands a stringent schedule of completion in 43/47 months (unit wise).
This is a repeat order for L&T from the State utility which had placed an EPC order for two units of 600 MW each for the first stage of Shree Singaji TPP. The first unit has recently gone commercial and is operating satisfactorily, the company has said.
Shailendra Roy, Whole Time Director (Power, Minerals & Metals), L&T, said: "The awarding of the Stage-II of Shri Singaji thermal power project affirms L&T's credentials in EPC execution of power plants under critical schedules."
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

P Sathasivam sworn in as KeralaGovernorP Sathasivam is the first non-political person appointed for a gubernatorial post by the new NDA government.
Press Trust of India | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 5, 2014 10:48 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 10:49 am
Former Chief Justice of India P Sathasivam was on Friday sworn in as Kerala Governor.
65-year-old Sathasivam, whose appointment triggered debate in legal and political circles on the propriety of giving gubernatorial assignment to a former CJI, is the 23rd Governor of the state.
He was administered the oath of office by Acting Chief Justice of the Kerala High Court, Justice Ashok Bhushan, at the Raj Bhavan here.
He is the first Chief Justice of India to be appointed to the post which is lower in warrant of precedence to the CJI.
He is also the first non-political person appointed for a gubernatorial post by the new NDA government.
Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, his cabinet colleagues, Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha P J Kurien and Kerala Assembly Speaker G Karthikeyan were present at the function.
However, LDF leaders did not turn up for the function.
After his appointment on September 3, Sathasivam had said, “I can utilise my service to the people of the state in a better way compared to other politicians.”
“I want to utilise my experience for the people of the particular state (Kerala),” he had said.
Sathasivam, who was appointed as Governor of Kerala replacing Sheila Dikshit, retired as CJI in April this year.

Al-Qaeda wants to portray Narendra Modi as enemy of Islam: USanalystPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 5, 2014 10:45 am
Al-Qaeda, which has announced the creation of a separate wing for India, wants to portray Prime Minister Narendra Modi as an enemy of Islam and as such India should take its threat “very seriously”, a well-known American counter-terror expert said on Friday even as the US tried to downplay the terrorist outfit’s capabilities.
“This video, the first from (al-Qaeda leader Ayman Al-) Zawahiri this year, should be taken very seriously. Al-Qaeda wants to portray Prime Minister Modi as an enemy of Islam,” ex-CIA analyst Bruce Riedel, who is considered to be one of the US’ top experts on counter-terrorism, told PTI.
“From its base in Pakistan and with its close links to Lashkar-e-Taiba, al-Qaeda is a dangerous menace to India,” Riedel said when asked about the latest video of Zawahiri announcing al-Qaeda’s creation of a new branch for the Indian subcontinent to wage jihad in India, including in Kashmir, Gujarat and Assam with the goal of establishing a caliphate and impose sharia ranging from Afghanistan to Myanmar.
Zawahiri had announced new branch of al-Qaeda called “Qaedat al-Jihad in the Indian Subcontinent”, “seeking to raise the flag of jihad, return Islamic rule, and imposing Sharia across the Indian subcontinent,” in the video which was posted on various social media websites including YouTube.
Reiterating that the new Indian government should take the threat very seriously, Riedel said that New Delhi should increase its counter-terrorism co-operation with the US and Afghanistan.
After the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks , counter-terrorism cooperation between India and the US has increased significantly.
The US, however, is yet verify the authenticity of the video or the creation of a new wing of al-Qaeda.
“We haven’t been able to verify that yet. Obviously, we’re looking to see if there’s more information we can get about this here,” State Department Deputy Spokesperson Marie Harf told reporters at her daily news conference.
“We also don’t regard this announcement as an indication of any new capabilities by al-Qaeda,” she said.
At the same time, she reiterated that the US remains committed to dismantling al-Qaeda anywhere that it poses a threat to the US and make sure that it doesn’t renew its threat to America.

Global Apollo Programme proposed to develop climatetechnologiesUpdated: September 8, 2014 10:13 IST
Global Apollo Programme proposed to develop climate technologies
Meena Menon
The Hindu Sir David King, special representative on climate change, UK
TOPICS
climate change
Interview with Sir David King, special representative on climate change, UK, who is currently on a visit to India. Excerpts.
What is the reason for your visit? What do think about operationalising the Green Climate Fund (GCF) and technology transfer to developing countries?
The British government has been very keen to see the operationalising of the Green Climate Fund (GCF). It was never us blocking the operationalising process nor was it the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) countries. It appears that we are now close to operationalising the GCF and we will be pushing for that to be developed and we are ready to put money into it from a British point of view.
The key point of my visit to India is we are proposing to set up a new program, called the Global Apollo Programme. Its objective is not to land a man on the moon but to reach the point where renewable energy is cheaper to produce electricity.
The objective of this is to create a consortium of willing countries to join in this process. This is likely to include Britain, Japan, US and other European countries. But what is very important for us is to feel that India is willing to come on board - the proposal is that each country will put three members on the consortium which will develop a roadmap of research, development and demonstration projects to achieve its objectives. We are looking to raise through this process a fund of $10 billion a year for ten years which would go into research.
In India, this should allay the fears of technology transfer because you would be involved in the development of new technology. Every country has to put in money. We are looking at ten countries and suggesting an entrance fee of 0.02 per cent of their GDP.
Let me clarify. Each country will spend this in their own country. Collaborations with other members of the consortium will add to other countries expenditure in India. In Britain we don’t expect all of this money to be spent there. Particularly the demonstration projects we would like to see going to least developed countries. I see the US possibly being part of it. India hopefully being part of it, I would like to see China, Brazil and I think the countries that would be involved are the OECD plus the emerging economies- they are the critical players. The beneficiaries are the least developed countries in terms of the output.
We have seen the cost of installation of photo voltaic cells (PVCs) come down dramatically from $75 a watt in the 1970s to $0.5 dollar a watt. India is also installing PVC and it is now approaching parity with coal fired energy using imported coal. This is intermittent energy and we need good technology of storing- a lot of this programme will be focused on research, development and demonstration on new means of large scale storage of energy- nuclear, wind power and solar. Wind and solar are intermittent while nuclear is constant- if you are producing too much energy from nuclear you can store it and use it when there is am demand. For all forms of energy, storage is the missing technology. Smart grid technology is needed and money could be invested in renewable research development and demonstration.
This is a transformational process, it is meant to be creating a real push for technology development so we can rapidly achieve the objective of staying below two degrees C. Economically we would be a position to switch to renewable energy because its cheaper than coal fired energy.
What about the Lima Conference of Parties (COP) meeting this year?
I have been saying that Lima is more than just another COP –Lima is the last COP before Paris, it is critically important that we get heads of agreement at Lima so we have a year for details of heads of agreement to be thrashed out- I see the US and China coming on board-whereas they didn’t at Copenhagen- that was the reason for my saying the world should abandon the Kyoto Protocol. We have a new treaty and I do believe that US and China will sign.
You said the world should abandon the Kyoto Protocol -- what should be the basis of a new climate treaty?
The new treaty that emerges in Paris has to be fit for purpose, by that, I mean the United Nations at Bali committed itself to limiting temperature rise as a result of anthropogenic climate change to two degrees Centigrade or less and that’s my measure of success in Paris, that is a big challenge. The Intergovernmental panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has pointed out that at the moment global carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions are rising at 3.2 per cent per annum averaged over the last ten years and it also says that if we want to stay within the two degree C limit we have to turn from that 3.2 per cent increase into a 2 per cent per annum decrease from 2020 onwards.
If we go to 2043, we would run out of our carbon budget at 3.2 per cent increase per annum and then we would have to have an infinitely sharp drop which is impossible.
That’s how I would measure success from Paris in 2015- but Paris itself is not the end point- Paris is another stage which is a is a critically important one and I do believe we will get an agreement in Paris. Then we have to evaluate how close the outcome of that is compared with the desired outcome that I have spelt out earlier.
What do you think of India’s stand and the issue of Common but Differentiated Responsibilities (CBDR). Do you think this is a fair position by developing countries that the first world for instance, the US as the largest cumulative emitter, should pay for mitigation and adaptation? You did say earlier that talks could derail because of this position.
The two are connected. In essence CBDR can be interpreted in different ways, depending on who is talking. I certainly accept the principle of CBDR but then we may disagree about how that should be interpreted. In particular we really have to recognise that the world has changed since 1992. When you say India and China are developing countries, I am going to suggest there is a very big difference between the least developed countries in today in the world and India, China and Brazil which have accelerated their growth so much that they have to be described as emerging powers/economies.
So there is a new category of countries that have come through. Critically important is that the OECD countries in particular should be decreasing their emissions, and should be committed to decreasing their emissions on a faster scale so as to achieve no more than two tonnes of Carbon dioxide per person by mid century –that’s the British commitment.
We made that commitment- because we think all OECD countries should do so. We are not saying that, for example, for India because you are only just over two tonnes per annum of carbon dioxide emissions at the moment. I think we can anticipate a trajectory from India that would be a good one for India where it increases its emissions while development continues through burning coal but with a plan by 2050 to keep emissions at two tonnes per person per annum. That keeps us at two degrees C and allows India room for developing while new technologies come through.
The UK is a good player, we have created a fund of 0 .7 per cent of GDP for development aid and we have been spending that significantly particularly in least developed countries. We are keen to demonstrate our willingness on the GCF and we have done this by set up our own International Climate Fund and we have put 3.9 billion Pounds which we have begun spending on exactly what India is asking for. I do not think that the red line that the US has put on the amount of capital in the GCF will change, I imagine the redline will stay and that could be a blocker for countries like India- but I sincerely hope not.
The overriding factor is it is India’s economic interest to see that an international agreement is achieved. It’s in India’s economic interest to be a party to this process, for transition from a coal based economy to a renewable energy economy would be accelerated by this new agreement.

Announcement of al Qaeda s India wing sets alarm bells ringing in USQaeda wing in Indian subcontinent gives US the jitters
IANS  Washington, September 05, 2014
First Published: 09:30 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 11:55 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
The US has expressed concern over the reported creation of a new al Qaeda wing in the Indian subcontinent but said it did not regard it as an indication of any new capabilities by the terror group.
The US had not been "able to verify those reports yet", state department spokesperson Marie Harf told reporters Thursday.
But "we obviously are concerned about any recruitment or efforts by terrorists or violent extremist groups anywhere in the world".
Read: US had warned Delhi of Qaeda’s designs in August
US, she said, had "remained committed to dismantling al Qaeda anywhere that it poses a threat to the United States, make sure it doesn't again pose a threat to the United States, particularly in that region".
"We also don't regard this announcement as an indication of any new capabilities by al Qaeda," Harf said, insisting that core of al Qaeda leadership had been "decimated".
Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahri announced the creation of a South Asian branch of his outfit to "raise the flag of jihad" in the Indian subcontinent in a 55-minute video posted online Wednesday.
"When we talk about core al Qaeda, it's al Qaeda senior leadership in the tribal areas primarily of Pakistan, also some in Afghanistan, and that core leadership has been decimated. That's a fact," the spokesperson said.
Read: Asim Umar, man who will head South Asia branch of al Qaeda
"We've constantly at the same time said we're concerned if they try to undertake operations in other places, if they as we know have affiliated groups other places."
"So we're concerned about it," she said. "Again, we don't regard this announcement as an indication of any new capabilities by Al Qaeda."
The spokesperson was asked how she could say that the core of al Qaeda leadership had been decimated when al-Zawahri, who succeeded the group's founder Osama bin Laden after he was killed in a US raid on his compound in Pakistan, was seen making the announcement of a new wing.
"If you look at a series of successions of number threes in Al Qaeda, a host of other senior leaders in Al Qaeda, yes. The core of Al Qaeda's leadership except for Zawahri, of the senior leadership in Al Qaeda in Pakistan, has been taken off the battlefield," Harf responded.
"And as they are replaced with new fighters, they are significantly less capable, are significantly less trained, they have much less capability," she said.
Read: Has Asia become a fertile ground for al Qaeda?
Asked how the US could be certain that the reported creation of a new al Qaeda wing doesn't represent an indication of new capabilities if it could not verify even the substance of the announcement, Harf said blandly: "Because we don't have anything to indicate there are new capabilities here."
"We don't know - know there's - this has been an announcement, a propaganda announcement made on a video. That doesn't mean there's new capabilities to back it up," she said.
Asked if the intelligence community had not discerned any significant al Qaeda presence on the Indian subcontinent, Harf said: "Well, no. We have known that there's an al Qaeda presence in many places of the region, many parts of the region."
"Of course we know that. That's not anything new," she said. But in terms of an announcement about some sort of new branch, we judge - the US government judges that this is not an indication of new capabilities."
"We have nothing to indicate that there are new capabilities here."

Many scam accused under CBI lens  visited  Sinhas residenceMany scam accused 'visited' Ranjit Sinha’s house
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 01:39 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 11:28 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
CBI director Ranjit Sinha may have claimed before the Supreme Court that the media was invading his privacy by publishing names of those who frequented his residence, but a scrutiny of a copy of the guest register kept at his 2, Janpath, residence makes it clear that many of his visitors were prominent people entangled in his agency’s investigations, raising questions of a possible conflict of interest.
While the CBI was probing the coal scam, Vijay Darda and his son Devendra – both accused in the case — visited Sinha’s home, according to the guest book. While Vijay met him in January 2014, Devendra visited Sinha 10 times between February and April 2014. The agency filed a chargesheet against the Dardas in the coal scam on March 27, 2014, sources said.
Similarly, Tony Jesudasan and AN Sethuraman of the Reliance Anil Dhirubai Ambani Group (ADAG) – whose three officials are facing trial in the 2G case – seemed frequent visitors. Jesudasan’s name appears at least 23 times against entries made between May 2013 and August 2014, while Sethuraman’s name appears 25 times against entries made between June 2013 and August 2014, the sources said.
Read: Sinha rules out resignation, says did nothing wrong
The name of Mahendra Nahata, managing director of Himachal Futuristics Communications Ltd, appears 64 times against entries made between May 2013 and August 2014. Nahata came under the CBI’s scanner with regard to Datacom Services, one of the alleged beneficiaries of the 2G scam, sources said.
The register is full of entries against the name of Moin Qureshi, the alleged hawala operator and Kanpur-based meat exporter who was raided by the IT department earlier this year. Many entries refer to him as ‘Qureshiji.’ Former CBI director AP Singh, believed close to Qureshi, is said to have visited Sinha on February 3, 2014 and April 22, 2014.
Names of politicians in the book include that of former law minister Salman Khurshid, former minister Subodh Kant Sahay, Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda.
The SC has asked advocate Prashant Bhushan, also the 2G scam petitioner, to file an affidavit along with a copy of the visitors’ logbook and the matter will be taken up on Monday.

Bombardier order win a large deal for us: Tech Mahindra08:00 am
Tech Mahindra , India’s fifth largest software services company, has won an engineering solutions deal with Canadian aerospace and transportation company Bombardier. Lakshmanan C, Head - North America, Tech Mahindra sees Bombardier order win as a large deal as any deal exceeding USD 50 million is considered as a large deal for the company.
Tech Mahindra and Bombardier have signed a mutual agreement that will lead Tech Mahindra to work with Bombardier globally, with which, the firm aims to grow its Canada team to 1,200 people in the next five years.
The financials of the deal are not disclosed but experts believe the IT major’s margins will be in-line with company average in 1-2 quarters. However, they do show concerns over company’s growth coming from deals with significantly lower margins. In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, he says that Bombardier order is at normal margin levels.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Can you give us any more details you have about this deal, Bombardier, the deal size and more importantly at what margins will this deal work out for Tech Mahindra?
A: We have had a long relationship with Bombardier and we are excited because this deal is purely focused on engineering services and we are involved with Bombardier and also with the aerospace industry in general, we provide new product development and that comprises of design, validation of design, we are involved in manufacturing engineering, which we believe has huge potential that includes tool design, manufacturing methods and our industry trends clearly show that aircraft sales is going to dramatically increase.
So we believe that - we call it customer support that will be after market engineering space, services space will be very vibrant. We play an important role in that. We also support our customer in sustainment of their existing product lines and we are leading player in interior design of aircrafts specifically business jets. So I think there is a lot of things that we do and this contract with Bombardier is kind of reflection of the good work we have done in the past and the potential for the future.
We have talked about margins, we don’t normally discuss margins at a deal level or a specific customer level for confidentiality reasons but you are aware overall of the margins that we report.
Q: You gave us a lot of eco system details but you are not giving us much by way of the deal size itself. You have invested a lot in the Canada, about 1,200 people, is that right, your number of people in Canada given this kind of an investment that you have made in Canada, give us some idea of this deal size as well what are you expecting when you say that this is the first of other such deals, approximately are you L1 in some deals, what can you expect in terms of order flow over the next 12 months?
A: Tech Mahindra would classify this as a large deal and anything greater than USD 50 million in size is classified as a large deal. So you could clearly put that in to that category, USD 50 million or higher. So I would clearly put this deal in that category. At this point in time, we have made tremendous investments and I must share with you, we have announced a center in Montreal. We already have a development centre which is focused on financial services in Toronto, which has got about 250 people in the city. What attracted us to Montreal -- the first key thing is there is a huge aerospace cluster which means it is not the aerospace companies alone but tier-I suppliers to all these or to the aerospace industry and we believe that by having a centre in Montreal, we will be able to collaborate better with other tier-I suppliers who bring different skills to the table and to be able to play in that eco system and provide systems integration services which will add better value to our clients.
Secondly, we are the talent that is available in the Montreal market because of the aerospace cluster and more important, the cost of the educational institutions -- a world class university Concordia. So we are excited with the talent that we can hire, train and deploy. So that is number two.
Thirdly, we are very happy with the support that we are getting from the local government.
So these are three factors that has led to this investment in Montreal and yes, we hope to grow this even further but I just wanted to share with you what the key factors that attracted us to Montreal.
Tech Mahindra stock price
On September 10, 2014, at  14:41 hrs Tech Mahindra was quoting at Rs 2454.00, up Rs 14.90, or 0.61 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2521.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 1259.40.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 111.23 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 22.06. The latest book value of the company is Rs 365.58 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 6.71.
RELATED NEWS

Joan Rivers  surgery clinic under investigationJoan Rivers  surgery clinic under investigation
Sensex trading flat; consumer durables  IT stocks major gainersSensex ends 59 points down on weak global cues, selling in blue-chips
PTI/Reuters
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
The benchmark Sensex today fell 59.23 points to end at 27,026.70, its second straight session of decline after logging new highs earlier this week, due to losses in blue-chips, including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Motors, amid a weak global trend.
Domestic stock markets opened on a better note with the 30-share BSE index Sensex touching the day’s high of 27,178.80 points in early trade. It later slipped below the 27,000-mark and touched the day’s low of 26,920.56 before ending at 27,026.70, registering a drop of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent.
Among Sensex 30 components, 17 stocks ended in the negative zone, while 13 closed higher.
On Thursday, the Sensex had lost 54.01 points. It had hit a life high of 27,225.85 and closed at a record peak of 27,139.94 on Wednesday.
Brokers said emergence of selling in stocks that had recently witnessed gains and a weak trend in global markets, led to the fall in major indices today.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also shed 9.1 points or 0.11 per cent to end at 8,086.85. During the session, the Nifty shuttled between 8,122.70 and 8,049.85.
Yesterday, it had fallen by 18.65 points.
Sectoral indices
Among the sectoral indices, the BSE Auto index dropped 0.65 per cent, followed by FMCG 0.32 per cent and Banking 0.3 per cent.
On the other hand, the BSE Realty index surged 1.15 per cent, followed by Capital Goods 0.86 per cent, Metal 0.69 per cent and IT 0.51 per cent, among others.
The BSE Small-cap index advanced 1.25 per cent and Mid-cap index added 0.56 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Asian, European markets
Asian shares and the euro slipped on Friday after the European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Investors await the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe’s main stock markets also dipped in late morning trade today after data showed the 18-nation euro zone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.
The euro was deep in the red on Friday, having suffered its steepest fall in three years after the European Central Bank stunned markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
The aggressive shift sent short-term bond yields into negative territory in Germany, France, the Netherlands and Austria, giving investors an overwhelming incentive to sell euros for higher-yielding assets elsewhere.
That stood in stark contrast to the United States, where upbeat data only reinforced the case for the Federal Reserve to wind down its stimulus, driving the dollar higher and sideswiping oil and gold in the process.
After surging to a 6-1/2 month high on Thursday, European share markets saw some minor profit taking as the US payrolls report loomed large later in the session. London's FTSE 100, the DAX in Frankfurt and CAC 40 in Paris were all around 0.1-0.2 per cent lower but this week's gains - the fourth in a row - took the pan-regional FTSEurofirst 300 index's rise since mid August to over 8 per cent.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Sathasivam sworn in as Kerala governorPress Trust of India |  Thiruvananthapuram Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 09:12 AM IST
Sathasivam sworn in as Kerala governor
Sathasivam is the first former CJI to become the governor of a state
Former Chief Justice of India P Sathasivam was today sworn in as Kerala Governor.
65-year-old Sathasivam, whose appointment triggered debate in legal and political circles on the propriety of giving gubernatorial assignment to a former CJI, is the 23rd Governor of the state.
He was administered the oath of office by Acting Chief Justice of the Kerala High Court, Justice Ashok Bhushan, at the Raj Bhavan here.
He is the first Chief Justice of India to be appointed to the post which is lower in warrant of precedence to the CJI. He is also the first non-political person appointed for a gubernatorial post by the new NDA government.
Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, his cabinet colleagues, Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha P J Kurien and Kerala Assembly Speaker G Karthikeyan were present at the function.
However, LDF leaders did not turn up for the function.
After his appointment on September 3, Sathasivam had said, "I can utilise my service to the people of the state in a better way compared to other politicians."
"I want to utilise my experience for the people of the particular state (Kerala)," he had said..
Sathasivam, who was appointed as Governor of Kerala replacing Sheila Dikshit, retired as CJI in April this year.
 Advertisements

Power debts  arrears exceed $100 billionYou are here: Home > Collections
Power shortage casts shadow over Narendra Modi's economic recovery
Reuters Sep 5, 2014, 10.47AM IST
(More than half of India's…)
NEW DELHI: Narendra Modi took decisive action as chief minister of Gujarat state to secure round-the-clock supplies of electricity. Now, as prime minister of India, he is under attack for failing to avert a national power crisis.
More than half of India's thermal power stations have less than a week's supply of fuel - the lowest levels since mid-2012 when hundreds of millions of people were cut off in one of the world's worst blackouts.
Coal stocks at thermal stations have hit critical levels as payment disputes escalate, unleashing power cuts that could choke off an economic recovery before it takes hold and hurt Modi's prospects at forthcoming state elections.
Financial metropolis Mumbai was plunged into darkness for most of Tuesday, amid a row between private generators and regional distributors that is symptomatic of an industry mired in debt and arrears of at least $100 billion.
It's a headache for Modi that experts say will only get worse. His government is resisting political pressure for a bailout, just two years after a rescue by the last government that it denounces as a "farce".
"The moment I start with financial assistance for one state, all the states will be asking me," Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal told reporters on Wednesday as he marked a rocky first 100 days in the job.
"States have to improve their own systems. I can't fund their coal purchases," said Goyal, who is mediating in payment disputes in an attempt to mitigate the power crisis.
Prithviraj Chavan, chief minister of Maharashtra, has from state capital Mumbai pointed the finger of blame at Modi, who won election by a landslide in May with promises of economic reforms, new jobs and dynamic growth.
"The centre is responsible," said Chavan, a leader of the opposition Congress party. He added that he urged Modi two weeks ago to call crisis talks on the power industry, but says New Delhi "has not taken serious note".
Maharashtra is one of several states that are at odds with New Delhi on power and coal supplies, and will soon hold elections. Modi's nationalist party hopes to boost its strength in the upper house of parliament, where it lacks a majority.
ACHILLES' HEEL
Since Modi took power, coal stocks at thermal power stations that generate three-fifths of India's power have nearly halved to just six days' cover. Of 100 plants, 56 are now 'critical' with less than a week's supply.
The shortages have arisen not because India lacks coal - it has reserves of 61 billion tonnes. Nor does India consume much power: per capita use is one-seventeenth of the U.S. level, and 400 million Indians have no electricity at all.
What India does have is a mismatch between the regulated price at which power is sold and the cost of producing it, which is typically 20-30 percent higher.
As a result, the power sector is caught in a debt trap, leaving generators unable to scrape together the cash to buy fuel from Coal India, a state behemoth that successive governments have shied away from restructuring.
"We have a bizarre situation where there is demand for power from distributors without the ability to purchase. Generating capacity is stuck without a contract or the fuel," said Debasish Mishra, a senior director and energy expert at Deloitte.
The situation "might precipitate quite fast into a crisis," said Mishra, urging the opening up of coal production to competition and amending power tariffs to properly take into account the cost of fuel.
  MODI MODEL
Modi tackled a similar power crisis in 2005 as premier of Gujarat - a western state with a population the size of Britain - with measures that experts say would work in India today.
His state government assumed existing power company debts, freed the firms of populist pressures that kept power tariffs artificially low and clamped down on rampant electricity theft.
As a result, Gujarat is now a surplus power producer.
Doing the same at a national level would, however, be tough as responsibility for power is shared between the 'centre' and India's 29 federal states. The problem is a lot bigger too.
The industry has racked up bank debts of 5 trillion rupees ($84 billion), according to central bank figures. Debts owed by distributors totalled $18 billion in 2012, the year of the last rescue. Coal India's receivables are $1.4 billion.
Worse, the World Bank estimates that annual losses in the Indian power sector could rise to $27 billion by 2017 without action to tackle wasteful subsidies, power theft and political meddling.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sharda Cropchem IPO opens: Should you subscribeSep 05, 2014, 10.38 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sharda Cropchem IPO opens: Should you subscribe?
Brokerages advise subscribing the issue, citing reasonable valuations, asset-light business model with core competence in registration of ingredients and healthy balance sheet.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sharda Cropchem IPO opens: Should you subscribe?
Brokerages advise subscribing the issue, citing reasonable valuations, asset-light business model with core competence in registration of ingredients and healthy balance sheet.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Rs 352-crore public offer of Sharda Cropchem, the Mumbai-based crop protection chemical company, has opened for subscription and will close on September 9.
The issue price is fixed at Rs 145-156 a share. The company won’t get money raised through this issue as purpose of the public issue is to carry out sale of 2,25,55,124 equity shares by selling shareholders (HEP Mauritius, Ramprakash V Bubna and Sharda R Bubna) and achieve the benefits of listing equity shares on exchanges - BSE and NSE.
Bubna family, the promoter and promoter group, will reduce their stake in the company from 84.13 percent currently to 75 percent and non-institutional investor HEP Mauritius will offload its entire stake of 15.87 percent.
Sharda Cropchem is a crop protection chemical company engaged in the marketing and distribution of a wide range of formulations and generic active ingredients globally. It is also involved in order based procurement and supply of belts, general chemicals, dyes and dye intermediates.
So, should you subscribe?
Brokerages advise subscribing the issue, citing reasonable valuations, asset-light business model with core competence in registration of ingredients and healthy balance sheet.
“The company with its asset light business model, core competency in seeking registrations, global distribution network and diversified portfolio is looking attractive investment opportunity,” said Hem Securities.
Why should you subscribe?
Asset-light business model, core competency, global distribution network
Sharda has an asset-light business model whereby it focuses on identifying generic molecules, preparing dossiers, seeking registrations, marketing and distributing formulations or generic active ingredients in fungicide, herbicide and insecticide segments through third-party distributors or its own sales force.
The company as of FY14 holds around 1200 registrations of which the European Union constitutes around 45 percent (534 registrations), Latin America around 26 percent (312 registrations), NAFTA around 6 percent while the rest of world (RoW) comprises the remaining around 23 percent.
As of August 5, 2014, SCL has filed over 500 applications for registrations globally which are pending at different stages.
With an objective to increase its presence in the agrochemical value chain, the company has set up its own sales force in various countries in Europe as well as in Mexico, Colombia, South Africa and India. As of date it has over 440 third-party distributors and over 100 personnel in its own sales force.
According to WealthRays, pending registrations and its expansion in sales force to reduce dependency on third party are keys on sustaining and strengthening its strong financials. Recent entry into biocide segment is also positive for the company, it added.
The company has recently entered into the biocide segment and has acquired several registrations from the existing registration holders, primarily, in Europe.
Strong sourcing capabilities, strong geographic spread and diversified portfolio
The availability of multiple manufacturers and formulators in the agrochemical industry helps the company in not being dependent on a single or limited number of manufacturers or formulators.
Agrochemical business operations of the company are spread in over 60 countries across Europe, NAFTA, Latin America and Rest of the World.
Financial strength
SCL has a strong balance sheet with healthy return ratios. It has maintained a focus on capital efficiency and maintained a conservative debt policy. It has a short term borrowings of Rs 40 crore as against cash and cash equivalent of Rs 215 crore as of FY14. It also has good reserves of Rs 465.52 crore in FY14.
“We are comfortable with Sharda's lean balance sheet structure with FY14 debt-equity of 0.1x,” said ICICIdirect.
The company has demonstrated a consistent track record of profitability over the last three years. It had reported a 25 percent compounded annual growth in the net income over FY2012-14. It has strong return on capital employed (RoCE) of 25 percent and return on equity (RoE) of close to 20 percent.
"The net working capital days have also improved over the last four years and at the end of FY2014 the net working capital days stood at 99 days as compared with 143 days in FY2010,” said Sharekhan.
In FY14, the company clocked a consolidated topline of Rs 782 crore (up 0.54 percent over FY13) with around 82.5 percent being contributed by the agrochemical business (Rs 645 crore), Rs 15.8 percent being contributed by the conveyor belt business (Rs 123 crore) and around 1.7 percent being contributed by other business (dyes). Net profit of the company in FY14 grew by 26.8 percent year-on-year to Rs 106.9 crore compared to previous financial year supported by other income and lower depreciation.
Mehta Equities said considering the above rationale and valuation parse this issue is reasonable priced when compared with other listed entities which are trading in the higher PEx range (25x-30x).
On overall valuations at the upper band of the price Rs 156, the stock trades at 13x which is almost 50 percent lower as compared to its peers domestically like  PI Industries and Rallis India .
Mehta Equities believes with healthy growth in the agrochemical industry globally, Sharda is well placed to tap the opportunity.
However, according to brokerages, the key risks are:
>Any further deterioration of working capital cycle may put pressure on the company’s financials;
>Growth of genetically manufactured crops may limit growth of agro chemicals;
>Any change in rules and regulations governing agro chemicals in countries (where it operates) may impact product sales;
>Any volatility in the local currency may affect the earnings (as majorly deals in USD and Euro);
>Registration failure or delay may adversely affect its performance;
>Heavy dependency on top customers (top ten agrochemical contributes heavily in revenue of the company); and
>Pproduct concentration (top five products constitute 36.3 percent of consolidated topline in FY14).
WealthRays said stable CAGR can be expected for the company as it has many registrations pending in pipeline and plans to make strategic acquisitions. Financials of the company are strong but focus should be on further addition of registrations and how the company mitigates currency risks and increases its presence in other segments like biocide, it added.
Edelweiss Financial Services Limited and IDFC Capital Limited are book running lead managers to the issue while Karvy Computershare Private Limited is the registrar.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Markets at record highs; analysts advise investors to remain cautiousMarkets at record highs; analysts advise investors to remain cautious
bigMobility : Mid-Range Mobile Segment Grows By 3X; Smartphones : 160% [H1 2014]bigMobility : Mid-Range Mobile Segment Grows By 3X; Smartphones : 160% [H1 2014]
Oil Steady Ahead NATO Summit Outcome  U.S. Jobs DataOil Steady Ahead NATO Summit Outcome  U.S. Jobs Data
To complete Unit 1 of new order in 43 months: LTTo complete Unit 1 of new order in 43 months: LT
Post celebrity photo scandal  Apple Inc to add security alerts for iCloud usersPost celebrity photo scandal  Apple Inc to add security alerts for iCloud users
HT poll: Readers give the thumbs-up to Modi s Teachers  Day speech ideaHT poll: Readers give the thumbs-up to Modi s Teachers  Day speech idea
Australian PM arrives in DelhiAustralian PM arrives in Delhi
Former CJI P Sathasivam sworn in as Kerala governorFormer CJI P Sathasivam sworn in as Kerala governor
Realty sector saw significant change during 2005-14: ReportApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Info Edge (India) gains on launch of QIP issueSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:09 AM IST
Info Edge (India) firms up on launch of QIP issue
The floor price for the QIP issue has been set at Rs 766.89 per equity share
Info Edge (India) is trading nearly 2% higher at Rs 784 after the company's QIP Committee, on Thursday, approved and authorised the launch of Qualified Institutions Placement.
"The "relevant date" for the purpose of this QIP is September 4 and that accordingly the floor price in respect of the aforesaid QIP, based on the pricing formula as prescribed is Rs.766.89 per Equity Share (the "Floor Price"); and authorizing the Company to offer, at its discretion, a discount of up to 5% on the Floor Price to investors in the QIP," the company said in a release to the stock exchange.
The stock opened at Rs 770 and touched an intra-day high of Rs 795 so far. Nearly 18,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.
 Advertisements

Indian born scientist wins prestigious US awardUpdated: September 3, 2014 09:58 IST
Indian born scientist wins prestigious US award
IANS
The Hindu Thomas J. Colacot. File photo.
TOPICS
India-born scientist Dr. Thomas John Colacot has won the American Chemical Society’s ACS Award in Industrial Chemistry , one of the top honours in the field.
He studied at St. Berchman’s College, Changanacherry, Kerala and IIT, Chennai, and is the first Indian to get the award in industrial chemistry. He also holds an MBA degree and was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry.
The award is sponsored by the ACS Division of Business Development and Management and the ACS Division of Industrial and Engineering Chemistry.
Currently Global R&D manager in the homogenous catalysis area at Johnson Matthey, a specialty chemicals company, Mr. Colacot directs research in US, UK and in Indian labs.
“The ACS is proud to recognize your outstanding contributions to the development and commercialization of ligands and precatalysts for metal-catalyzed organic synthesis, particularly cross-couplings, for industrial and academic use and applications,” a letter from Tom Barton, president of ACS noted.
The 2015 national awards recipients will be honoured at the awards ceremony in conjunction with the 249th ACS national meeting in Denver, Colorado in March next year.
Mr. Colacot had received Royal Society of Chemistry’s RSC Applied Catalysis Award in 2012 for his contributions to the area of catalysis. His work on ‘cross-coupling’ is particularly acclaimed.
Mr. Colacot joined Johnson Matthey, USA in 1995 and started working in the area of palladium catalyzed cross-coupling.
The catalysts developed in his labs are currently used to make new drugs for Hepatitis C, a deadly disease with no cure, one pill per week for type II diabetics, and many hypertension drugs.
His work involves developing and commercializing ligands and catalysts for applications in metal-catalyzed synthetic organic chemistry.
His book on ‘New Trends in Cross-Coupling: Theory and Applications’ is scheduled to be published in October, 2014 by the Royal Society of Chemistry.
He is also PhD thesis examiner to many IITs and visiting faculty at Rutgers University.

Low-cost smartphones fuel m-commerce growthInsurability
(Shopping through mobile…)
NEW DELHI: The nearly-ubiquitous smartphone is emerging as an important driver of growth for India's $4-billion e-commerce sector, with proliferation of cheap handsets making it easy for people to hunt for products in online stores.
Sachin Bansal-founded online retailer Flipkart said mobile phone visits jumped 200% in one year while its competitor eBay India said it receives close to 35% traffic through mobile phones. Delhi-based Snapdeal said its revenue from mobile phone users has grown to 60% from 5% in early 2013. India's e-commerce market is expected to touch $20 billion by 2020, according to a PwC-Assocham study.
"With the availability of low-cost smartphones, the e-commerce opportunity will increase manifold," said Bikky Khosla, chairman of the Assocham National Council on e-Commerce and chief executive of B2B marketplace TradeIndia.
According to a recent Accel Partners study, shopping through mobile phones, which grew 800% in 2013, is expected to clock a CAGR of 150% till 2016. Bolstering this is a recent AT Kearney and Google study which says mobile phones are the "preferred device" of access.
Khosla said the Indian Internet landscape is different from the rest of world as first-time Internet users access it mostly on smartphones. More than 30% of TradeIndia's traffic comes from mobility devices, he added.
eBay India managing director Latif Nathani said mobile commerce is gaining traction in non-metros and rural areas too owning to increasing adoption of mobile devices. "Affordable device cost and data connections (such as 3G and 4G services) coupled with high-speed Internet packs and popularity of Wi-Fi are fuelling m-commerce growth," Nathani said.
Apart from apps, eBay India has created mobile web (m.ebay.in), which is designed for any GPRS, EDGE and 3Genabled feature phones and provides an end-to-end transaction platform for consumers to shop online. The company said that on an average day, mobile phone users buy a product every 27 seconds.
"Over the last six to eight months, we have seen huge growth. Customers are actually shopping on mobile.
They do comparisons and transact on mobile devices," said Michael Adnani, vice-president for retail and head of Brand Alliances at Flipkart. "People are now moving from feature-rich phones to smartphones that actually gives them ability to transact.
The mcommerce market is set to grow in tandem with rising mobile penetration in India," said the Flipkart executive. Flipkart recently introduced a mobile app that allows, for a limited period, a Rs 250 waiver of on a purchase amount exceeding Rs 1,500 besides offering a chance to enter a lucky draw.
"Consumers are increasingly using mobile apps for shopping," Adnani said, adding that they are putting resources to facilitate m-shopping and have the Flipkart app pre-installed in Android and Windows phones. However, there are challenges. The Accel Partners report said that mobile traffic to revenue gap in India is still high— of 23% traffic, only 9% turns into sales.
The problem is in part due to consumers' reluctance to transact over mobile devices, though some big- e-retailers have mobile-optimised sites.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why there may be no  bull-stop  for the market rally( Prima facie, it appears…)
By Nikhil Walavalkar & Ramanatha Pai
As benchmark indices enter uncharted territory, the question that most investors are asking is how strong is the rally? Prima facie, it appears that the rally is losing steam but a closer look at the broader market suggests the undercurrent is still strong.
ET did a study of the price movements of 423 stocks that are part of the BSE 500 index — the broader market barometer — and compared them with the trends five years ago. The basis of the comparison is that the Nifty is at all-time highs now, while in November 2010, too, it was at peak levels. According to the study, in the past three months, more than 50 out of the 423 stocks hit 52-week highs on 14 days.
In 2010, there were 10 days when more than 50 out of the 423 stocks hit 52-week highs. This year, the number of stocks hitting a 52-week high on a given day (maximum 151 stocks) is far higher than in the period under review in 2010 (maximum 75 stocks).
Analysts treat an uptrend healthy, when more number of stocks hit 52-week highs and there is a decline in the number of stocks hitting 52-week lows. The advance-decline ratio for the day is another parameter that is keenly watched to gauge the broad market trend.
The ratio is arrived at by dividing the number of stocks that registered an advance in price by the number of stocks that registered a decline in price compared with the previous day. Higher the advance decline ratio, the better it is for a rising market.
This parameter is also pointing to a bullish undertone. In the three months preceding the Nifty high of CY10, 29 out of 66 trading days saw an advance-decline ratio of more than one.
In the past three months, this number stood on a higher side, 36 out of 65 trading sessions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hardening Re fails to attract NRIs to invest in IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Hardening rupee fails to attract NRIs to invest in India
ET Bureau Sep 4, 2014, 11.48AM IST
Tags:
dollar
(NRIs parked 57% less money…)
KOLKATA: Local bank deposits exclusively meant for Indian diaspora halved in the quarter to June compared to the year ago period as a resurgent rupee and increased prospects of economic recovery overseas failed to attract non-resident Indians to the extent that the weak local currency did last year.
NRIs parked 57% less money in the first quarter of the current fiscal, at $2,409 million, than $5,542 million in the corresponding period of the previous year, Reserve Bank of India data show.
A depreciating rupee lures NRIs with better conversion values while the appreciating local currency proves a deterrent to inflows. The rupee lost 9.7% against the US dollar between April and June last year, luring overseas Indians, especially those residing in the Gulf region, to park the maximum in Indian banks to get better conversion rates.
NRIs received 59.52 rupees for a dollar on June 30 last year, nearly 10% more than the exchange rate of 54.28 rupees a dollar on April 1, 2013.
"As the rupee is more stable now, there is no abnormal rush for keeping money in NRI deposit schemes," said Abraham Thariyan, executive director at South Indian Bank.
Kerala, with its large NRI population, is among the highest recipients of NRI inflows. "Last year, people in the Gulf borrowed locally and parked money in Indian Banks to make the most of a depreciating currency," he said.
The non-resident external rupee accounts or NRE(RA) in Indian banks witnessed a 69% dip in inflows to $1,771 million in the April-June quarter, compared with $5,644 million in the yearago period.
The ordinary rupee account or NRO accounts saw an outflow of $129 million during the quarter compared to just $1 million last year. The repatriable foreign currency non-resident-banks or FCNR(B) accounts, where depositors are immune to exchange rate fluctuation risks, saw inflows of $767 million compared with $101 million outflow.
The rupee hit a five-week high, snapping a four-day losing streak, on Wednesday after some Japanese banks were seen selling dollar on the back of Japan's proposed $ 35 billion investment in India's infrastructure sector, dealers said.
The local unit on Wednesday rose 0.33% or 20 paisa to close at 60.49 against the US dollar. It hit intra-day high at 60.33, its highest since July 31.
Fresh selling of the American currency by exporters amid sustained inflows of foreign funds supported the rupee, forex dealers said.
Besides, a higher opening in the domestic equity market also came to the rescue of the rupee, but the dollar's gain against other currencies overseas, capped the rise, they added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Are current price-earnings multiples sustainableBarclays
By Ashutosh R Shyam
India has been second only to Turkey among major equity markets in price-earnings (PE) multiple expansion since the start of 2014. The PE ratio tells investors how much they have to pay for a share for every unit of profit. Since the beginning of this year, Indian markets have gained 27 per cent.
According to a Barclays report, while earnings growth estimates support just 7.4 per cent of this, 19.2 per cent has gone into PE expansion - meaning stocks have become pricier without corresponding growth in earnings.
Interestingly, other top-performing equity benchmarks on a year-to-date basis such as S&P 500 of the US and Brazil's Bovespa have gained, mainly supported by earnings growth.
A sift through the last two, 7-year equity cycles over the past 15 years indicates a strong connection between market returns and earnings growth.
Historically, whenever there is disconnect between the PE multiple expansion and earnings growth, it has either been supported by a late recovery in earnings or has happened after the PE multiple sustained a massive compression the previous year.
Otherwise, PE multiples have witnessed a collapse in the following year.
The PE multiple of the BSE-100 has expanded for eight out of the past 15 years, mainly supported by earnings growth. In the last equity cycle during 2005-07, the BSE 100 showed earnings growth of 15 per cent, 17 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively, which resulted in PE multiple expansion of 20 per cent, 19 per cent and 33 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple cuts online price of iPhone 5S to clear stocksYou are here: Home > Collections
Apple cuts online price of iPhone 5S to clear stocks; ties up with Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal
ET Bureau Sep 4, 2014, 06.40AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Apple is offering an extra Rs 1,500-2,000…)
KOLKATA: Just ahead of the launch of the next iPhone, Apple is offering a price cut on its outgoing flagship device. It has tied up with online retailers Amazon , Flipkart and Snapdeal to offer discounts on the iPhone 5S in a move that's sharply contrarian to the strategy of brands such as Samsung and Sony that are fighting to ensure price parity between online and brickand-mortar stores.
Apple is offering an extra Rs 1,500-2,000 in margins to online retailers to liquidate 5S stocks ahead of the new phone launch. This, combined with the usual discounting by e-commerce sites, has made the 5S about Rs 8,000 cheaper online than in brick-and-mortar stores.
That's probably the widest price gap currently for any smartphone or electronic gadget, according to three of Apple's top trade partners.
Tried & Tested Strategy
The 16GB iPhone 5S is available online at Rs 38,000-39,000 while it costs Rs 46,000-47,000 in stores. The idea is to clear out stocks of the 5S, which will get a substantial downward price revision when the new flagship iPhone model is launched, trade sources said. It's a strategy Apple routinely adopts in the US and Europe.
Apple has scheduled a global event on September 9 in Silicon Valley that's widely expected to be the unveiling of a new largescreen iPhone and smart watch concept. Emails sent to Apple, Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal did not elicit any response as of press time. "Apple's sudden focus on e-commerce sites has become a nightmare for us," said the chief executive officer of a leading cellphone retail chain, requesting anonymity. "We have even told them that if the situation continues, we may stop picking up stocks of iPhones since our sales have suddenly taken a hit."
While big retail chains have taken up the issue with Apple and have threatened to stop stocking its products, some have negotiated special consumer offers on the 5S, such as a free case with each purchase. Apple follows a uniform pricing strategy around the world, hence it cannot reduce prices across all sales channels in the market. A top trade executive said Apple's strategy was in stark contrast with what other consumer electronics and smartphone makers are currently trying to achieve - a level-playing field between offline and online trade. "We have to see whether Apple is doing this discounting as a regular phenomenon before taking a decision on the way ahead," the person said.
Explaining the large online-offline gap, another of the company's trade partners said, "Apple is offering 3-4% extra margin to ecommerce to be passed on to consumers as discount, apart from usual schemes such as 1-2% more margin if sales target is reached.
The e-commerce firms are further doing their own discounting which has made the price difference this wide." Apple offers an 8-12% retail margin on iPhones, according to those in the trade. As per estimates, modern retail and the exclusive Apple stores contribute around 20% each to iPhone sales in India, while ecommerce and general trade accounts for the remaining 60%.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Intex sells 15 000 units of Firefox smartphones in 3 daysYou are here: Home > Collections
Intex sells 15,000 units of Firefox smartphones in 3 days
PTI Sep 3, 2014, 07.21PM IST
Tags:
Cloud FX
(Intex had launched the…)
NEW DELHI: Domestic handset maker Intex said it has sold 15,000 units of its Firefox-powered smartphone in the country within three days of launch. Intex had launched the Cloud FX smartphone , priced at Rs 1,999. It claims that the device is the cheapest smartphone available in the country.
"Intex has already sold 15,000 units of Cloud FX in just 3 days, which went on sale on August 25 exclusively on Snapdeal," the company said.
It added that maximum sales were reported from the Southern part of the country. The homegrown firm had recently roped in two actors - Anushka Shetty and Sudeep - as its brand ambassadors for the South market last month.
"About 70 per cent of the sales took place in tier II and III markets. The device is a hit amongst the youth as maximum purchases were made by 18-25 year olds," it said.
The company added that it will sell one lakh devices by the end of this month and reach the sales target of 5 lakh devices by year-end.
The Cloud FX is targetted at consumers who are looking to upgrade from feature phones to smartphones. Intex aims to capture a larger chunk of the booming affordable smartphone market in India.
Handset makers are betting big on mobile Internet to reach out to newer audiences. Various reports suggest that the next billion population accessing the Internet for the first time will do so on their phones instead of personal computers.
Companies like Microsoft, which acquired Nokia's handset division, are also targeting the affordable smartphone category aggressively, estimating it to be a USD 50 billion annual opportunity.
The smartphone market in India grew at 84 per cent year-on-year to 18.42 million units in Q2 2014 from 10.02 million units (in April-June 2013 quarter), as per research firm IDC said.
Korean handset maker Samsung led the smartphone market with 29 per cent share, followed by Micromax 18 per cent, Karbonn 8 per cent and Lava six per cent.
Software major Mozilla, which runs the Firefox browser, had showcased a smartphone prototype costing as little as USD 25 at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in February, targeting at developing countries including India and China.
It had partnered Intex and Spice from India for launching these low-cost devices in the country, which is the fastest growing smartphone market globally.
Spice had also launched its device, Fire One MiFX 1, last week for Rs 2,299. Sales numbers of Spice's handset were not available. The Cloud FX is powered by 1 GHz processor, has 128MB RAM, 256MB memory (expandable upto 4GB), 2MP rear and VGA front camera and 1,250 mAh battery.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt to cut red tape  tap pvt sector for smart citiesYou are here: Home > Collections > Government
Government to cut red tape, allow private sector participation in smart cities
ET Bureau Sep 4, 2014, 05.55AM IST
Tags:
Narendra Modi
(The government is set to…)
NEW DELHI: The government is set to finalise the policy for implementing its ambitious plan to convert 100 existing cities into smart cities, where it will allow large-scale participation of private sector, urban development secretary Shankar Aggarwal said.
"We are putting the pieces together and trying to create some kind of a policy framework so that a large number of private sector entities can get into this business and create more jobs. And whatever needs to be done in terms of availability of land, in terms of the plethora of red apism and rules and regulations, we will do," Aggarwal said on Wednesday, speaking at National Real Estate Summit organised by industry body PHD Chamber in Delhi.
The government is also looking at building bylaws and floor area ratio (FAR) norms closely to find a way to optimally utilise existing land in the country, the secretary said.
"Why should we acquire so much land unnecessarily? Can we not make use of existing pool of land? I think it can be done. Why don't we go in for vertical development with 50, 100 storey buildings?" he asked.
Connaught Place, for instance, is today one of the most expensive real estate in the world, but it is artificially created, he said. "This is because we do not bring in more land into the pool or we don't allow the existing pool of land to be developed optimally. We've got to change our system. The government is looking into it," Aggarwal said.
In the budget for the current fiscal, the government had announced a plan to develop 100 smart cities across the country. Though a definition of a smart city is yet to be for-mulated by the government, Aggarwal said the understanding is that these cities will create jobs and ensure better quality of life comparable with any European or American city.
Apart from the 100 existing cities that will be retrofitted to smart cities, the government is also considering developing three-four greenfield cities, he said. A key to developing the smart cities will be unravelling the large number of rules and regulations that have slowed down development for years, the secretary said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has already asked the government to revisit all old rules and regulations, manuals and laws, and cut them down wherever needed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modi decides that FIPB will remain under finance ministryNarendra Modi decides that FIPB will remain under finance ministry
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Sep 4, 2014, 05.51AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Modi had sought to ensure…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has stepped in to end a turf battle between the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) and the finance ministry on the issue of control over foreign investment approvals.
He has decided that the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), the inter-ministerial body that vets overseas investment proposals, will continue to be housed at North Block, the finance ministry, turning down DIPP's bid to regain control over it.
DIPP is part of the ministry of commerce and industry. "It has been decided that FIPB will remain with the finance ministry," a senior government official told ET. The new government wants to make sure that the policy regime encourages overseas investors to come to India.
Modi had sought to ensure effective coordination between key ministries by giving Nirmala Sitharaman independent charge of commerce and industry while also making her minister of state for finance and corporate affairs. DIPP had pitched for moving FIPB back into its fold soon after the Modi overnment took over.
The department of economic affairs (DEA), part of the finance ministry, had on the other hand sought complete control of the foreign investment regime, including the policy on foreign direct investment (FDI).
DIPP housed FIPB until 2003, when it was moved to North Block by the then NDA government. The Prime Minister's Office has directed that the status quo shall be main ained with respect to FIPB, said the official, who's privy to the development.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley had said in an interview to ET on Saturday: "You see when I became the commerce minister, FIPB was taken away from the commerce and industry ministry and given to the finance ministry. Now, that I have become the finance minister, I hope the opposite does not happen."
The finance minister is the final clear ing authority for FDI proposals after FIPB recommends them for approval. DIPP administers FDI policy though management of the Foreign Exchange Management Act (Fema) lies with the finance ministry.
Fema provides the legal framework for the foreign investment regime. A fierce turf war broke out during the tenure of the previous Manmohan Singh-led government between DIPP and DEA after the first didn't consult the second over the investment component of the India-Asean Comprehensive Economic Promotion Agreement.
A formal Cabinet note on the issue was forwarded to the finance ministry by the Prime Minister's Office after its views were found to be absent. North Block had some serious reservations on the investment treaty that seeks to accord pre-establishment national treatment to investors from the region.
However, the finance ministry had been overruled by the cabinet, which cleared the draft of the agreement earlier this year. Department of industrial policy and promotion then sought to claim the authority to negotiate bilateral investment promotion agreements, something that has been the finance ministry's prerogative.
Both departments have had serious differences over FDI policy. DIPP's move to impose curbs on FDI in the pharma sector came in for intense criticism.
Press notes 2 and 3 issued by DIPP in 2009, despite the opposition of the Reserve Bank of India, could not come into effect for several years in absence of the Fema notification. FDI policy guidelines are issued in the form of such press notes.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jan Dhan Yojana: Many hurdles to be crossed to get the job done(The Swabhiman rural…)
By Sameer Kochhar
The Swabhiman rural banking scheme under the UPA had quickly degenerated into merely an account-opening exercise that no one really used. There is a real danger of the same thing happening to the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana unless the demand-side issues of absorptive capacity of credit and economic enablement are also taken care of with alacrity.
The first sign of this likely to happen is in the slogan for Jan Dhan itself: "Mera Khata, Bhagya Vidhata" reeks of an account centric approach rather than a services-centric one. Modiji's own slogan of "Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas" is the best articulation of financial inclusion objectives.
The Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Scheme almost entirely incorporates supply-side issues. There is going to be a universalisation of financial services soon, but given the tight timeline that the prime minister has given, there are two crucial gaps that can easily be filled.
One, the department of post should immediately be given a full banking licence as no one else comes even close to their level of reach. Two, a focus on branchless-banking (banks on wheels) and micro-bank branches have to be brought in.
The scheme still heavily relies on fixed point bank mitras or on a mobile business correspondents (BCs) ecosystem that were the single biggest point of failure in the past due to financial non-viability of the scheme.
While the 2% transaction fee proposed is a good start, it is still short of the 3% recommended by various committees and reports. Soon the blame game between banks and BCs will again start.
Banks cannot be absolved of the responsibility of long-term servicing and enablement of the account. Eventually, through lower-cost models they would have to take over the operations. Two singularly bad ideas of the UPA government - the banking correspondents and the common service centres - seem to be carried forward by the NDA.
Both these carry responsibility without accountability. Financial inclusion without poverty alleviation is meaningless. The growth rate of self-help groups (SHGs) and joint liability groups (JLGs) has been declining.
Livelihood-linked credit is in a sorry state. Access of credit for women and the marginalised is a major area of alarm. All these issues need to be addressed almost simultaneously. The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has been a complete failure, more so in the area of non-agricultural credit.
We also have a Bhartiya Mahila Bank without any real purpose. Can this not be reincarnated as a direct development financial institution for women without adding too many layers? Similarly, our skill-development programmes and Rural Development and Self-Employment Training Institutes(RUDSETIs) are completely divorced from livelihood realities.
The poor record of credit linkages of RUDSETIs is a telling sign. Their programmes need to be completely reoriented. Without the role of state governments and panchayati raj Institutions, this again would remain a problem area.
Financial literacy is one of the biggest factors contributing to financial inclusion. The role of panchayati raj institutions and local bodies cannot be undermined in this. While the intentions are good, there are capacity gaps in the government, banks as well as regulators that can be best bridged through multistakeholder consultations and drawing on existing domain experts.
 
It is also time that the almost childish proposition of differentiated banking is put to rest and all energies are focused on making Jan Dhan a success and a universal financial service meant for all citizens.
While the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana is a giant step towards including the excluded, the journey towards a real fight against poverty has just begun.
The writer is the author of ModiNomics
FEATURED ARTICLES

Someone is keeping watch on me: Ranjit Sinhaagainst me
("There are two official…)
NEW DELHI: CBI Director Ranjit Sinha has admitted meeting two senior Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG) officials at his residence but claimed he had done them no favours. The CBI director, who is in the eye of a storm after activist-lawyer Prashant Bhushan alleged that Sinha had met persons linked to those accused in the 2G and coal scams, in an interview with ET claimed a "deep-rooted" conspiracy was being hatched against him and expressed apprehension that he was under surveillance. Excerpts
Lawyer Prashant Bhushan plans to submit a diary to the SC which has details of visitors to your residence... Is the diary genuine?
I do not know. There are two official diaries with me. I don't know from where this third diary has emerged. In one diary, my movement is recorded as I am Z-level protectee.
In the other diary, Delhi Police officers record checks on the guards stationed there. Visitor names are never recorded in any diary. The guards at the gate only call on the intercom and check with me when a visitor is there. If such a visitor's register is maintained, there should be some signature on it - of Delhi police, CBI or the visitor. Is it there?
No! Somebody has been recording details of the visitors mischievously by sitting somewhere. So somebody has to prove the genuineness of the said diary. Who has seized this or who has sold it? I have spoken to my staff at the residence, they say they know nothing. I called for the visitor's register yesterday, there was nothing in it. I was shocked. If there was a record, someone would come to me and show it, get my signatures. Somebody is keeping watch on me...some person is sitting outside and writing as some names in the said diary are actually of the people who have met me.
The main allegation is that two senior officials of Reliance Group met you...
Yes, I have met them! Certainly! I know them for the last 30 years, so what? I have met them, I do not deny that. Meeting anyone is not banned. A team of industrialists is accompanying the prime minister to Japan . The question is whether I have shown any favours. The controversy is about that. Where is the favour?
The allegation is that you also wrote to 2G Special Prosecutor UU Lalit to allegedly weaken the case against Reliance Group...
Yes, I had written to Mr Lalit. So what? Did it favour them? Nothing happened on it. Whatever I have written was already on record earlier. I did not invent anything.
But why should the CBI director meet people close to the accused or accused themselves?
Meeting people who have a grievance against officers of CBI is part of my duty. Why should I not meet them? Are they terrorists? They come and complain about the investigation being done. Where else will they go? Even during the investigation we meet many people. It is my duty to hear people and redress their grievances. They come and tell me that there has been injustice against them, please do something. I look into the matter, speak to the investigating officer and joint director to know the progress of the case. Do you want me to isolate myself from everybody and live in my ivory tower? Many other people who meet me are my sources of information. I have an office at my residence. Should I live in isolation? You should appreciate that I am available and accessible.
Why are you being snooped upon, as you alleged, or being targeted? Who is behind this?
I do not know...if this is corporate warfare and someone has personal enmity against me , I do not know. This is intrusion into my personal life. It is shocking. This is character assassination. What are the people behind this planning to do? It is a deep-rooted conspiracy against me.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee up 2 paise against dollar in early tradeRupee up 2 paise against dollar in early trade
PTI  Mumbai, September 04, 2014
First Published: 11:43 IST(4/9/2014) | Last Updated: 11:45 IST(4/9/2014)
Comments
The rupee strengthened by two paise to 60.47 against the dollar in early trade on Thursday at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market on sustained foreign funds inflow amid increased selling of the American currency by exporters and banks.
The rupee had closed 19 paise higher at 60.49 against the dollar in Thursday's trade on weakening of the US currency amid reports of Russia and Ukraine agreeing to a ceasefire and continuing rise in local equities and sustained foreign funds inflows.
Forex dealers said increased selling of the American currency by exporters and banks supported the rupee but a lower opening of the domestic equity market and dollar's rise against other currencies overseas restricted the gains.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex fell by 74.28 points, or 0.27%, to 27,065.66 in early trade on Thursday.

Economic pain abates: Mint Misery Index falls to 2-year lowComments
An index developed by Mint, the business paper published by the Hindustan Times group, shows that economic pain is getting less acute for citizens over the past couple of quarters.
The Mint Misery Index is based on two parameters that most profoundly affect people—inflation and growth. The index tracks how far these two key economic indicators have deviated from their best performance since the beginning of 2000. The higher the index value, the more miserable people are.
Last year, she was raped by someone she called mausa (uncle) in front of and on the bed of a woman she called mausi (aunt). Then, the mausa sold her off as a bride to a 45-year-old widower, father of a three-year-old, in Haryana. Price of the exchange: Rs.70,000.
Haryana, with the country’s worst sex ratio of 879 girls to 1,000 boys, now has to increasingly import brides from poverty-stricken states such as Assam, West Bengal, Jharkhand and Odisha. It’s the same story in Punjab and Uttar Pradesh where female foeticide is high and the sex ratio skewed. According to the 2013 National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) report, 24,749 children and women between the ages of 15 and 30 were kidnapped and sold into marriage across the country
Read full report here .

Sensex retreats from record high as profit-booking emergesComments
Snapping the nine-day winning streak, the BSE benchmark Sensex on Thursday retreated from record high to trade 74 points lower in early trade on emergence of profit-booking, mainly in realty, capital goods, infra and oil and gas sector stocks amid weak Asian cues.
The 30-share Sensex, after surging by 825 points in the past eight sessions, fell by 74.28, or 0.27%, to 27,065.66 in morning trade. The gauge had closed at record high of 27,139.94 after hitting an all-time intra-day high of 27,225.85 on Wednesday.
In a similar fashion, the NSE Nifty slipped from record high by losing 25.55 points, or 0.31%, to dip below 8,100-mark to 8,089.05. It closed at a life-time high of 8,114.60 after touching an intra-day fresh record high of 8,141.90 in the previous session.
The eight-day rally before Thursday's losses saw the BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty climbing to life-time highs on the back of sustained foreign fund inflows and positive domestic and global cues.
Brokers said the market was in over-bought position following recent record-setting spree on robust capital inflows and participants preferred to lock in gains at current levels, pulling down the key indices from record highs.
They said the fall was also attributed to a weak trend on other Asian bourses on profit-taking following a rally across the region in yesterday's trade.
In the Asian region, Hong Kong's Hang Seng index fell by 0.20%, while Japan's Nikkei Index edged lower by 0.17%.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average, however, ended 0.06% higher on Wednesday.

It would be tough for Mallya to raise moneyAs a wilful defaulter, it would be tough for Mallya to raise money
Suprotip Ghosh        Last Updated: September 4, 2014  | 15:24 IST
UB Group Chairman Vijay Mallya
Vijay Mallya, the 58-year-old tycoon, seems to be staring at the risk of being denied any loan from state-owned financial institutions for the next five years.
Two days ago, the Kolkata-based United Bank of India (UBI) had declared Mallya, known for his flamboyant lifestyle and spectacular business bets, as a wilful defaulter after his grounded Kingfisher Airlines declined to repay its debt. The UBI had also named three other directors of the airlines as defaulters.
According to the master circular of the Reserve Bank of India , a wilful defaulter could be barred from availing financial aid from state-owned or state-linked financial institutions for five years.
However, this does not stop him from doing business in India. "He has not been declared insolvent and only that would forbid him from entering into a contract with anyone. This is a severe impairment of his credibility. But there is nothing to stop him from doing business," says Ramesh K. Vaidyanathan, Managing Partner of Mumbai-based Advaya Legal.
Mallya is in India and will attend the annual shareholder meetings of UB Group and Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) on September 4, Thursday.
He is currently locked in a legal battle with the Pune-based Deepak Fertilizers for a controlling stake of MCFL and the wilful defaulter tag could impinge the move.
While the future looks bleak, Mallya did have legal recourse before the bank declared him wilful defaulter. "The Supreme Court observed that the special leave petition filed by Kingfisher Airlines Limited against UBI seeking legal representation before the grievance redressal committee of the bank had become infructuous as the committee had already made a decision," said a UB Group statement.
However, the court said that it was up to the KFA to pursue such legal remedies as available, the statement further said, a course that the company's considering.
Never shy of controversies, Mallya had once asked Narendra Modi, then Gujarat Chief Minister to lift prohibition in Gujarat, reportedly after a hooch tragedy. Modi turned it down after dubbing it as self-promotion.
Of late, the liquor baron's list of influential friends has thinned. Take Sahara Force India, the Silverstone -based Formula One car racing team, that he jointly owns with Subrata Roy .
Roy is already behind bars and is considering selling a set of marquee assets in India and abroad, including hotels to meet his obligations as set down by legal proceedings.
Both Roy and Mallya were both early to cash in on the sports boom in the country. While Roy sponsored the Indian cricket team for many years, Mallya was a late entrant who bought Royal Challengers, Bangalore.

Infosys wins 5-year IT services deal from BPNew Delhi: Country's second largest software exporter Infosys on Thursday said it has bagged a five-year contract from Europe's second largest oil and gas company, BP to provide IT services.
No financial details were provided.
Infosys will provide IT services, particularly in areas like application support and development to BP, Infosys said in a statement.
Infosys will provide IT services, particularly in areas like application support and development to BP, Infosys said in a statement.
"The agreement, effective September 1, 2014, will provide IT services across BP's operations, including corporate functions, upstream and downstream segments, energy trading and marketing," it said.
The agreement's geographical scope includes BP's main facilities in Houston, Texas and in the UK, as well as support in locations like Azerbaijan, Angola, Brazil and Singapore.
The Bangalore-based firm will support BP in running, enhancing and developing business applications and improving business IT processes across all key BP IT operations, it said.
BP has a presence in about 80 countries. It employ over 83,000 people and operates two business segments: exploration and production, and refining and marketing.
"Winning this contract demonstrates how we have evolved as a supplier and continue to work collaboratively with BP across their range of activities," Infosys Executive Vice President and Global Head, Energy, Communications and Services Rajesh K Murthy said.

PM encouraging new talent  acts in most democratic manner: NaiduPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 4, 2014 8:51 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is “encouraging young talent” in Parliament and acts in the “most democratic manner” while taking decisions, government said on Thursday dismissing criticism of his functioning by the Opposition.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu rejected allegations that there was centralisation of power in the hands of the Prime Minister and that he was “terrorising” the bureaucracy, saying it was mere “propaganda” by a “direction-less” Opposition.
Repudiating suggestions that the PM was reluctant to face questions in Parliament, Naidu said, “Questions are answered in Parliament as per the practice in Parliament… and they are answered effectively. Prime Minister is engaged in encouraging young talent, giving opportunity to young talent.”
He said the opposition to junior ministers being given opportunity is difficult to fathom. “If there is any need for supplementation, Prime Minister is sitting there behind. That has been the practice. PM is giving opportunity to the MoS. Why anyone should have any grievances for that?,” Naidu said at a Meet the Press programme at the Press Club of India.
He was asked as to how often the Prime Minister answers questions in Parliament as there have been days fixed in the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha during the question hour for him. Naidu released a booklet “Tidings of a new beginning” on the recently concluded Budget session of Parliament, the first after Modi government came to power.
The occasion was also utilised by him to list out achievements of the government in the first 100 days. At the outset, Naidu dismissed as opposition propaganda that power is concentrated in the hands of the Prime Minister.
Noting that the Prime Minister acts in the “most democratic manner”, he said that he takes views of all his colleagues before a decision is arrived at. “Where is centralisation? Opposition friends are unhappy….adrift and direction-less”.
He dismissed as absurd Opposition’s contention that the Prime Minister was “terrorising” bureaucracy. “Where is the question of terrorising bureaucracy. Congress has not been able to recover from the realities of the situation.”
Asked whether the appointment of the Lokpal would face problems in the absence of a Leader of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha, he said mere absence of one member of the Selection Committee “will not create a void”.
“I don’t want to react on an issue which is there before the highest court of the land. Secondly, as far as the institutions, the position is very clear, if such institution has been created….mere absence of one member of that committee will not create a void. That is the factual…,” he said.

Vijayawada to be APs capital: NaiduVijayawada to be AP’s capital: Naidu
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, September 4:  
Putting speculation to rest, Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu on Thursday announced that Vijayawada would be the new capital of Andhra Pradesh. Justifying the decision, Naidu said Vijayawada was centrally located and ideal.
Naidu has sought liberal Central assistance to develop the capital. He said the AP Government would take a decentralised approach to development, and that six more airports and several ports would be developed to improve infrastructure, along with three mega cities and 14 smart cities.
Referring to the report of the Sivaramakrishnan Committee, appointed by the Centre to assist in identifying a location for the new capital, he said more than 50 per cent of the representations received by the panel favoured the Vijayawada-Guntur region.
The panel had suggested three locations — the Srikalahasti-Nadikudi spine, Vizag sub-region, and a stretch from Anantapur to Kurnool in Rayalaseema.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Infosys bags five-year IT services deal from BPInfosys bags five-year IT services deal from BP
Our Bureau
Deal size estimated to be $1 billion
Bangalore, September 4:  
IT bellwether Infosys has won a five-year deal from BP, the first such contract after new CEO Vishal Sikka took over.
The deal size, according to insiders in the company, is worth about $1 billion, spread over five years. The five-year, group-wide, strategic supplier deal win expands Infosys’ decade-long partnership with BP.
Wide-ranging deal
Infosys was chosen to support BP in running, enhancing and developing business applications and improving business IT processes across all key IT operations of the British company. Infosys declined to mention the size of the deal.
The agreement, which took effect on September 1, will provide IT services (in particular, application support and development) across BP’s operations, including corporate functions, upstream and downstream segments, energy trading and marketing.
The agreement’s geographical scope includes BP’s main facilities in Houston, Texas, and in the UK, as well as support in locations as diverse as Azerbaijan, Angola, Brazil and Singapore.
Central to these services, Infosys will also continue to invest in the Infosys Information Systems and Technology University. This academy provides training to Infosys engineers in industry knowledge, technology systems, BP processes as well as key applications.
“Winning this contract demonstrates how we have evolved as a supplier and continue to work collaboratively with BP across their range of activities,” said Rajesh K Murthy, Executive Vice-President and Global Head, Energy, Communications and Services, Infosys.
“Leading oil and gas companies will be looking to their service providers to help them innovate and improve their performance in the coming years,” said Jill Feblowitz, Vice-President, IDC Energy Insights, Oil and Gas.
In July, Infosys’ peer Wipro announced its largest-ever deal, a 10-year outsourcing contract worth $1.2 billion, from Canadian utility company Atco.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

ECB stimulus news boosts retailersSeptember 4, 2014 6:03 pm
PVH leads retail sector higher on ECB stimulus news
By Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a7b58342-344f-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IHS pays $2bn to buy MTN telecoms towersSeptember 4, 2014 6:40 pm
IHS pays $2bn to buy MTN telecoms towers
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/30d6fcfe-343d-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NATO shakes up Russia strategy over UkraineApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

ECB cuts rates  starts credit scheme as growth evaporatesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Teacher s Day: Google posts a six-teacher doodleUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Google has posted a Teacher's Day doodle on its India home page that depicts six different teachers: The principal sitting behind a desk, maths teacher writing a formula on the board, a kindergarten teacher reading out a story to the kids, sports teacher all set for the game with a basketball, the chemistry teacher in the lab and the music teacher trying to get everyone in tune.
Teacher's Day in India is held on September 5, on the birth anniversary of Dr Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, India's second President and a respected scholar and teacher of philosophy.
On this day Indians honour teachers for their contribution to community and country.
Teacher's Day in India is held on September 5, on the birth anniversary of Dr Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan.
The idea of celebrating Teachers' Day took ground independently in various countries during the 20th century. In most countries, people celebrate a local educator. For example, Argentina commemorates educationalist Domingo Faustino Sarmiento's death on September 11 since 1915,
However, the World Teachers' Day is observed exactly a month later, on October 5.
The UNESCO started observing October 5 as World Teachers' Day from 1994.

Asian Shares Mixed  Euro Slumps on ECB MovesYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Mixed, Euro Slumps on ECB Moves
Reuters | Updated On: September 05, 2014 07:41 (IST)
Wockhardt Shares Gain on Unit Merger Plan
The euro was deep under water on Friday having suffered its steepest daily fall in three years after the European Central Bank stunned markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
The aggressive shift sent short-term bond yields into negative territory in Germany, France, the Netherlands and Austria, giving investors an overwhelming incentive to sell euros for higher yielding assets elsewhere.
That stood in stark contrast to the United States where upbeat data only reinforced the case for the Federal Reserve to wind down its stimulus, driving the dollar higher and sideswiping oil and gold in the process.
Stock prices in Europe climbed to new records in response, though Wall Street succumbed to a bout of jitters ahead of the US payrolls report due later on Friday.
The Dow fell 0.05 per cent, the S&P 500 0.15 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.22 per cent.
In Asia, Tokyo's Topix added 0.44 per cent to be within a whisker of its January peak. A break there would take it to levels last seen in July 2008.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was off 0.2 per cent having already reached its highest since early 2008.
The euro was licking its wounds at $1.2937, after hitting a 14-month low of $1.2920 overnight and seemed destined to test the July 2013 trough of $1.2898.
It hit a one-month low on the yen at 135.97 and a 15-month trough on the Australian dollar at A$1.3798.
The collapse came after ECB President Mario Draghi announced a range of rate cuts and a new plan to push money into the flagging euro zone economy.
In a news conference, Draghi said the aim was to expand the bank's balance sheet back to the heights reached in early 2012, which equates to a rise of around 50 per cent or 1 trillion euros in new assets.
"The Governing Council will be pumping money into the economy while simultaneously penalizing European banks that do not spend it," Valentin Marinov, an analyst at CitiFX.
TURBO-CHARGED
"To the extent that at least some part of that money will head abroad, the turbo-charged easy money will likely invigorate euro-funded carry trades," said Marinov.
The already hugely popular carry trade is where investors borrow at low rates in say euros or yen, to buy higher yielding assets in other countries. The latter include Australia, Canada, New Zealand and a whole range of emerging market nations.
"We believe also that the longer-term impact of the measures would be to help unclog the lending channel of the Eurozone and stimulate domestic demand," added Marinov.
Spanish, French and Portuguese stocks all gained over a full percentage point, while Germany's DAX rose 1 percent. The FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares reached ground last visited in early 2008.
Shorter-dated euro zone debt rallied hard, pushing the yield gap between US and German two-year debt out to 60 basis points, the fattest premium since May 2007.
Across the Atlantic, data provided fresh evidence that the US economy is on track for sturdy growth in the third quarter. Companies hired workers at a steady clip in August and services sector activity accelerated to 6-1/2-year high.
That lifted yields on 10-year Treasuries US10YT=RR 4 basis points to 2.453 per cent, further supporting the dollar.
Investors are now keenly waiting for the latest read on the US labour market due later Friday. Analysts expect the pace of job creation to have picked up slightly in August, with a rise of 225,000 nonfarm payrolls.
With the US dollar flying, commodities had to cheapen to stay attractive and gold struck a three-month low at $1,256.90 an ounce.
Brent crude oil was pinned at $101.84 a barrel, after shedding more than a dollar overnight, while US crude CLc1 was stuck at $94.54.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Apple to warn users of iCloud hack attemptsSeptember 5, 2014 3:44 am
Apple to warn users of iCloud hack attempts
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91f2fafe-34a3-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ECB s move of lowering interest rates is surprisingLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'ECB's move of lowering interest rates is surprising'
Watch the interview of Claus Vistesen, Chief Eurozon Economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics with Menaka Doshi on CNBC-TV18. He spoke about European Central Bank (ECB) decisions and what to make of their impact.
Post your opinion here

Modi plays drums in Japan while people in India suffer: RahulRahul interacts with villagers in Amethi, Thursday. (Source: Express photo by PTI)
Written by Maulshree Seth | Amethi | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:41 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 4:27 am
Cornered by locals in his constituency Amethi over the prevailing power crisis, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi Thursday opened a direct attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi saying he was “playing drum” in Japan while people are suffering in India.
“Prime Minister Japan mein dholak baja rahe hain (PM is playing drums in Japan). People here do not have electricity, roads and water…Prices are rising here (in India),” Rahul said in Gauriganj area of Amethi.
During his recent visit to Japan, Modi had tried his hand at playing drums while taking part in a function.
Rahul said the Modi government was yet to deliver on the “big promises” it made despite completing 100 days in office. “If I recall correctly, there were big promises and long speeches about controlling price rise, solving electricity crisis, solving the drinking water problem. While prices of vegetables have gone up, people are not getting electricity,” Rahul said.
He said more than three months have elapsed since the Modi government took charge and “they should at least start working on their promises. But, they are not even starting in that direction”.
Earlier in the day, locals stopped Rahul in Mohanganj area of his constituency and complained about the prevailing power crisis. “People make fun of us. They say, you live in Rahul Gandhi’s constituency and still you get hardly two to three hours of electricity,” a local told the Congress vice-president.
To this, Rahul said he had already written to Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav, but didn’t blame the state government for the power crisis. Instead, he said the problem was prevailing across the country and blamed it on the BJP-led NDA government at the Centre. “So many promises were made, now where is the result”? he asked.
Rahul, who arrived here in the morning on a two-day visit, also interacted with an all-woman Self Help Group at Mohaiya Kesariya village. He also offered prayers at a Mazar in Islamganj and held closed-door meeting with the party workers at Munshiganj guesthouse in the evening.

Govt may let pension funds flood D-St | How to make money in mkt» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Narendra Modi government may allow EPFO to invest in markets, Rs 6,000 crore to flow into stocks annually
By Vikas Dhoot , ET Bureau | 5 Sep, 2014, 06.52AM IST
0
Share More
Proposed change in norms may funnel Rs 6,000 crore annually into stocks, making PF body second-biggest domestic investor.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government may shatter a longstanding bar on the state-run pension fund putting money into equities, sending a flood of money — estimated at Rs 6,000 crore per year at least — into the stock markets, potentially making this the biggest source of domestic institutional investment after LIC.
Such a move, which comes as attractive returns from the Indian stock markets have drawn the world's biggest pension funds, could ease some of the concentration of risk that stems from overseas investors dominating the market, experts said. India's largest retirement fund, the Rs 6.5-lakh-crore Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO), has finally opened its mind about entering the stock market , after nearly a decade of resistance to a finance ministry pitch to park a part of its kitty in equities.
To start with, it is looking at deploying 5% of its corpus in stocks , index funds and exchange-traded funds, based on the recommendation of a high-level panel set up by EPFO that ET has reviewed. To make this possible, EPFO has said the obsolete Indian Trusts Act, 1882, needs to be amended to allow trusts to invest in securities that are not backed by the government. The UPA regime had introduced a Bill to carry out these changes in 2009, but it let the legislation lapse though a parliamentary panel led by BJP's Murli Manohar Joshi had given its approval.
Annual fund flow to EPFO kitty set to rise
Annual inflows into the EPFO kitty amount to about Rs 60,000 crore but are expected to go up sharply thanks to an increase in the salary ceiling for statutory provident fund (PF) contributions from Rs 6,500 per month to Rs 15,000 per month, effective from September 1.
The change of stance on equities within EPFO, the country's second-largest nonbanking financial institution after Life Insurance Corporation , is being driven by two imperatives — the need to generate better returns for members and an inability to find suitable investment options that can be compounded by the higher accretions to its corpus expected in the coming months.
In internal presentations to board members, top PF officials have said the annual EPF rate has been lower than consumer price inflation in four of the past five years, so there is a need to boost returns by considering equity, infrastructure and real estate investments that pension funds around the world use to prevent the erosion of savings through this avenue. Over 85% of EPFO's money is currently held in government bonds while the rest is parked in debentures or securities issued by banks and public sector enterprises. Though investments in private sector debt are allowed, the norms are so strict that only 5.65% of its corpus is invested in such bonds out of a permissible allocation of 10%.
Conservative back-of-the-envelope calculations indicate that 5% of incremental inflows earmarked for equity investments could add up to around Rs 6,000 crore a year. In 2011-12, LIC had invested Rs 50,000 crore in equities. By contrast, overseas funds invested Rs 47,000 crore in equities in that year to March — the lowest since 2008-09.
Page 1 of 2

Amazon  US mail test grocery deliveries around SFAmazon begins test delivery of groceries in US
Reuters  San Francisco, September 05, 2014
First Published: 09:11 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 11:52 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
Amazon.com Inc has begun using the US Postal Service to deliver groceries on a trial basis in the San Francisco area, in a potential boost for the online retailer's fledgling but gradually expanding "AmazonFresh" service.
The postal service began a 60-day trial in the first week of August, shipping small grocery parcels in insulated bags right to buyers' doorsteps between 3am and 7am in the morning, where demand for delivery is generally at its lowest.
Depending on how things go, the partners may consider expanding beyond the city and going nationwide, a spokeswoman for the postal service said.
Amazon's fast-growing business could give the cash-strapped postal service a shot in the arm. USPS has struggled with declining mail volumes and persistent losses for years, though its package-delivery business grew 6 percent to 3.7 billion packages in 2013.
The agency lost $2 billion from April to June, compared with a net loss of $740 million in the same period of last year.
The postal service is now trying to "determine if delivering groceries to residential and business addresses would be feasible from an operations standpoint and could be financially beneficial for the organization," the spokeswoman said in a statement.
Amazon declined to comment beyond saying in a statement: "We are always looking for new and innovative ways to deliver packages to customers."
It already uses the postal service for Sunday deliveries, and intends to roll out that feature to "a large proportion" of the country this year.
The company has steadily expanded its online grocery business, targeting one of the largest retail sectors yet to be upended by online commerce. The company has plans to launch AmazonFresh, which has operated in Seattle for years, in roughly 20 urban areas in 2014, including some outside the United States.
The tie-up was first reported by the Wall Street Journal on Thursday.

Asia stocks brush off bold ECB moveLast updated: September 5, 2014 9:22 pm
Wall Street shrugs off soft payrolls data
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a5bbdb2-34af-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CLSA Mauritius sells 14.74 lakh shares of Pennar IndSep 05, 2014, 09.57 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CLSA Mauritius sells 14.74 lakh shares of Pennar Ind
Deutsche Securities Mauritius too sold 15,61,000 shares at Rs 45.31 apiece. Even My Home Constructions offloaded 6,55,000 shares at Rs 44.10 and 18,76,025 shares at Rs 44.44.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CLSA Mauritius sells 14.74 lakh shares of Pennar Ind
Deutsche Securities Mauritius too sold 15,61,000 shares at Rs 45.31 apiece. Even My Home Constructions offloaded 6,55,000 shares at Rs 44.10 and 18,76,025 shares at Rs 44.44.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
CLSA (Mauritius) sold 14,74,411 equity shares of  Pennar Industries at Rs 46.61 apiece on the National Stock Exchange on Thursday through a block deal.
Deutsche Securities Mauritius too sold 15,61,000 shares at Rs 45.31 apiece. Even My Home Constructions offloaded 6,55,000 shares at Rs 44.10 and 18,76,025 shares at Rs 44.44.
On Thursday, the stock closed up 9.98 percent or Rs 4.25 at Rs 46.85.
RELATED NEWS

JP Associates declines over 20% in two daysSI Reporter |  MUmbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 10:04 AM IST
JP Associates declines over 20% in two days
JP Associates has extended losses for the second consecutive day and has dipped by over 3% at Rs 36.50
JP Associates has extended losses for the second consecutive day and has dipped by over 3% at Rs 36.50 after Jaypee Infra Ventures sold over 13 million shares on the National Stock Exchange on Thursday.
 
Jaypee Infra Ventures sold 13,489,693 shares of Jaiprakash Associates at Rs 46.33 through a bulk deal, as per the data available on the NSE.
On Thursday, the stock saw one of its biggest drops in share prices, slumping 18% to end at Rs 37.70, after one of its promoters reduced stake in it.
 
Promoter group firm Jaypee Infra Ventures, which owned nearly 30 per cent stake in JP Associates, pared its holding by 1.45 per cent in a few trading sessions between Monday and Wednesday. And, the shares of JP Associates, after dropping as much as 20 per cent, ended 17.6 per cent lower on Thursday to Rs 37.7. This was the worst fall since January 2009, when it had declined around 30 per cent.
 
Shares of JP Associates opened at Rs 38, touched a high of Rs 39 and a low of Rs 36 on the BSE. A total of 3,664,639 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.
 Advertisements

BJD MP Hemendra Chandra Singh dies  four days after suffering heart attackSingh was put on ventilator after he suffered heart attack.
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:25 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 9:08 am
Hemendra Chandra Singh, Biju Janata Dal (BJP) MP from Kandhamal Lok Sabha constituency and scion of Nayagarh royal family, passed away on Thursday night at a private hospital in Bhubaneswar.
Singh, 46, was admitted in a city-based private hospital on Monday after he complained of chest pain and difficulty in breathing. His condition turned critical as he developed multiple organ failure following septicaemia.
He slipped into coma and was put on ventilator. A team of experts from AIIMS examined him and wanted to fly him to New Delhi through Air Ambulance. But it was ruled out after his condition deteriorated.
He is survived by his wife, a son and daughter.
Singh, a fomer Congress leader, had joined BJD before this year’s Lok Sabha election and was given a ticket for Kandhamal. It was his maiden entry to Lok Sabha. A passout from Rajkumar College, Singh was a stockbroker.

LT soars 2% on big supercritical power plant order from MPSep 05, 2014, 10.30 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
L&T soars 2% on big supercritical power plant order from MP
"L&T has secured a turnkey order for setting up a 2X660 MW supercritical thermal power project at Shree Singaji TPP on a complete engineering-procurement-construction basis from the state utility MP Power Generating Company," said the engineering and construction major in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
L&T soars 2% on big supercritical power plant order from MP
"L&T has secured a turnkey order for setting up a 2X660 MW supercritical thermal power project at Shree Singaji TPP on a complete engineering-procurement-construction basis from the state utility MP Power Generating Company," said the engineering and construction major in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Larsen and Toubro (L&T) rallied as much as 2 percent on Friday on getting big order from Madhya Pradesh state utility for setting up 1320 MW power plant (stage II).
"L&T has secured a turnkey order for setting up a 2X660 MW supercritical thermal power project at Shree Singaji TPP on a complete engineering-procurement-construction basis from the state utility MP Power Generating Company," said the engineering and construction major in its filing.
It added that the order, which is valued over Rs 5,100 crore, demands stringent completion schedule of 43/47 months (first unit/second unit).
This is a repeat order for L&T from the same state utility, which had earlier awarded an EPC order for the balance of plant package for 2 units of 660 MW each of Shree Singaji TPP (stage I).
"The year is looking much better, mostly for EPC. The current EPC order book of the company stands at Rs 16,000 crore," said Shailendra Roy, wholetime director (power, minerals and metals), adding things are looking better for power market now.
At 10:07 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,604.10, up Rs 15.10, or 0.95 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Apple smartwatch to have NFC technology: WSJApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Al-Qaeda comes out of cold to call for jihad inIndiaPrint
Written by Praveen Swami | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 10:54 am
Four weeks after a Hellfire missile fired from a drone blew apart his body on May 21, 2010, al-Qaeda third-in-command Said al-Masri’s digital ghost appeared online. “I bring you good tidings,” the dead commander said.
“Last February’s India operation was against a Jewish locale in the west of the Indian capital [sic., throughout], in the area of the German bakeries — a fact that the enemy tried to hide — and close to 20 Jews were killed.”
Four years on, fears that al-Masri’s post mortem speech might be more than idle words have been confirmed. Early on Thursday morning, India time, fugitive al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri issued a video announcing the formation of a new wing of the terrorist group dedicated to waging jihad in the Indian subcontinent.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh, sources told The Indian Express, was informed by the Intelligence Bureau at an emergency meeting on Thursday morning that the development would have direct consequences for India.
He was also told that persistent capacity deficits have made monitoring social-media based jihadi recruitment and propaganda operations difficult.
Through the day, Singh held two rounds of meetings with National Security Adviser Ajit Doval, Intelligence Bureau (IB) director Syed Asif Ibrahim, R&AW chief Alok Joshi and Special Secretary (Internal Security) Prakash Mishra to discuss the implications of the video. Singh briefed Prime Minister Narendra Modi subsequently.
The Home Minister said the IB was working to verify the authenticity of the video, and would “handle the case”. A senior IB official said the video appeared to be genuine. The IB is expected to submit its report in a day or two.
The Home Ministry issued a nationwide alert, and advised state governments to especially watch “hot spots” that might be targeted by jihadis for fresh recruitments. “The concerned states have been alerted and they are keeping a vigil,” a senior Ministry official said.
India on alert as al-Qaeda unveils plan for jihad in subcontinent
PLAN FOR WAR
In the video, released on Twitter and jihadi websites, al-Zawahiri promises the expansion of al-Qaeda operations throughout the Indian subcontinent.
“A new branch of al-Qaeda was established and is Qaedat al-Jihad in the Indian subcontinent, seeking to raise the flag of jihad, bring back Islamic rule, and empower the shari’a of Allah across the Indian subcontinent,” he says.
He adds that the group will defend the “vulnerable in the Indian subcontinent, in Burma, Bangladesh, Assam, Gujarat, Ahmedabad, and Kashmir”, and tells Muslims in the region that “your brothers in Qaedat al-Jihad did not forget you and they are doing what they can to rescue you from injustice, oppression, persecution and suffering.”
Named the Jamaat Qaidat al-jihad fi’Shibhi al-Qarrat al-Hindiya, or Organisation of The Base of Jihad in the Indian Subcontinent, the organisation also released online a manifesto written by its spokesperson Usama Mahmoud, and organisational chief Asim Umar.
“This entity was not established today, but it is the fruit of a blessed effort of more than two years to gather the mujahideen in the Indian subcontinent into a single entity to be with the main group, Qaedat al-Jihad, from continued…

Sensex Turns Flat  Midcaps OutperformYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Edges Higher, Nifty Above 8,100
NDTV | Updated On: September 05, 2014 10:02 (IST)
Wockhardt Shares Gain on Unit Merger Plan
BSE Sensex and Nifty moved higher today on gains in IT bluechips like Infosys and TCS. A flurry of data released yesterday indicated the US economy was steadily improving.
Despite European Central Bank yesterday stunning markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge, global markets are muted today on jitters ahead of the U.S. payrolls report due later today.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased back 0.6 per cent having already reached its loftiest level since early 2008.
UR Bhat, MD of Dalton Capital, said that quantitative easing in the US accounts for a significant portion of the inflows into India and strong US data economic suggests that it could be wound up soon. But the proposed quantitative easing in Europe could help fund flows continue into India.
The key thing however for global markets is to watch the US hikes interest rates, he added.
The gains in the broader markets were stronger than frontline stocks. BSE midcap and smallcap indices were up nearly 1 per cent.
Among IT stocks, Tech Mahindra, TCS and Infosys were up between 1 per cent and 1.5 per cent. Other major Nifty gainers included NMDC, up 2.3 per cent, and IDFC, which rose 1.5 per cent.
Among some Nifty losers, United Spirits fell 2.3 per cent while HDFC slipped 1.5 per cent.
At 10:02 a.m., Sensex was up 54 points to 27,140 while Nifty rose 17 points to 8,112. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 10:02 (IST)

Not clear what a super regulator will do: Ex-TRAI chmn KhullarAmid talks of a new telecom super regulato that could replace the existing Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), former TRAI chairman Rahul Khullar discussed the merits and demerits of such  a proposal.
According to reports, the new regulator is slated to be christened Communications Commission.
Below is the transcript of Rahul Khullar's interview with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Give us a bit of explanations and elaborations on this Communications Commission that is being mooted with the TDSAT and the TRAI getting rolled into it, though there will be an appellate authority, can you tell us what are the broad contours of this paper?
A: I don’t know the contours of the paper because the drafting of such a bill is left in the hands of the government and the authority is completely independent of the government. So all I know is what I have read in the papers.
Essentially it is a rehash of the version called the convergence bill that was mooted about 10 years ago and then lost any impetus because of turf issues between information and broadcasting and telecom. It is also not apparently clear what you will achieve by combining carriage and content regulation. Some countries have tried that, Malaysia has tried it, Korea tried it and then had to separate content from carriage. So it is not exactly clear where are they are headed right now. I think you should just wait and watch, it is premature to take a call on it at this point of time.
Latha: Conceptually you don’t think it is a good idea to combine the two? You would think carriage whether it is of media or of calls or data should be with one regulator and content should be with another?
A: My sense is that carriage should remain with the authority with TRAI and content should be left to I&B. What I am trying to get at is that, the content regulation primarily pertains to the broadcast media and to the print and television, maybe the internet to some extent.
That content regulation does not fit in to a neat model of government regulation and the moment you try and broach matters concerning broadcasting or news with government regulation, you know exactly what is going to happen. So I think you will have to be very careful when you draft these things.
On the other hand, what you do not want to do is forget the content/carriage part -- you don’t want to create a situation where you have one omnibus regulator supervising four-five independent regulators. I don’t see the purpose of what we will achieve by doing that. So as I said, let me preface it by saying, I don’t know anything about what the government is proposing but what I have read from the media, gives me this impression and I am responding to you only in terms of what I have read in the media.
Sonia: There are some reports that the communications bill is seeking to repeal old legislations like the Telegraphy Act, the TRAI Act and the Indian Wireless Telegraphy Act and modify some other legislations as well. If this comes through, how beneficial do you think it could be for the sector?
A: I am not at all sanguine that these omnibus legislations, which seek to amend six previous Acts legislated as far back as nineteen century will go anywhere. They will be tossed around from one committee to the next and invariably there will be people in the ministry itself who will say let sleeping dogs lie! Why are you rocking the boat? We are managing with telecom sector within the framework of the Telegraphy Aact, why do you want to so drastically change it?
Think about it. The Indian Post Act is also one of those 1900 Acts. In the last 10 years, we have gone through two versions. The first version went to Parliament, we had to withdraw it and then the second version has still not seen the light of the day.
So one needs to be a little more pragmatic in these matters and while it is certainly important that one should plan for the future in terms of convergence and broadband and what have you, you also have to have your feet on the ground in terms of how the industry will function. The telecom industry is coming out of big mess right now. Do you really want to complicate matters for them?
Similarly on the broadcasting side, virtually for five-ten years, nothing has been done and now you have started cleaning up that mess. My gut response as an administrator would be - draft the legislation, do whatever you want, but first don’t muck around with the clean up that we are doing in the two industries. This is far more important that those industries progress successfully rather than building new legal institutional structures under which they are governed.
Latha: Another reform that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announced called was Payment Banks. It was largely targeted at telecom companies and you take a lot of interest in matters finance given your previous policy making records in economic related industries. How do you rate this Payments Bank concept and the telecom companies’ likely response to it?
A: People are lining up thinking that they are all going to get banking licenses. Firstly, if they are not getting banking licenses, they are going to get Payment Bank licenses. My own sense is that not all of them are going to get it.
Secondly, a lot more needs to be done towards financial inclusion before you start talking about payment banks. If there are supposed to be 10,000 banking correspondents (BC) in the country, not even 4,000 are in place; there are no brick and mortar banks in place, very large population in the rural areas don’t even have a no-frills account.
So it is a very important development and it came out of the Nachiket Mor committee recommendations. I have had the opportunity to discuss the matter with the governor and as of now, we are both on the same page. The authority has already issued regulations last year enabling linkages between banks and a central clearing house, telecoms to banks and a central clearing house so that simple transactions like checking your balance, transferring from one account to another, making a payment to your son who is sitting in Telangana; all these rudimentary transactions can be done on a cell phone remotely sitting in a village anywhere. That will only take off when the banks first developed the software with which they deal with their clients.
So secondly, they start opening these bank accounts.
Thirdly, they have to have banking correspondents in place. If there are no banking correspondents in place, where is the cash out? It doesn’t matter to me if I am sitting in a village, all this technology doesn’t matter to me if there is no banking correspondent right there who I can say, give me Rs 500 and he will give me Rs 500.
Let us not leap too far ahead. The issue is this, in most jurisdictions, for reasons of financial prudence; it is the banking regulator who has always insisted that it will be a bank-led model not a telecom-led model. This has caused enormous grief to telecom companies. So suddenly, all these guys are again seeing gold dust in their eyes that if you get a payment bank, I will laugh my way to the bank all over again.
I am somewhat circumspect about how easily they will get that license and I am also slightly concerned about the amount and effort they have to see before that gold dust materialises.
Latha: The big story obviously will be telecom spectrum auctions, how much do you think the government can raise and you have indicated -- you have shown a lot of forbearance with respect to the way in which telecom pricing has happened allowing the industry to find its feet after a long lean period, will that forbearance as well continue?
A: One of the first things I did when I came here in 2012 was formally announcing forbearance. Up till that point of time, forbearance was a fact of life but not an announced public policy. It became announced public policy. That is one difference.
Secondly, ever since 2012 I have always maintained that if your headline tariffs are rupee and your actual recoveries are of the rate of 40-45 paisa, till you get anywhere near close to the headline tariff, I don’t see the need for regulatory intervention. Over the last two years, tariffs have gone up approximately by 0.8 to 1 paisa per quarter, which means over a full year about 4-4.5 paisa depending on which company did its tariff plans how. That is a very nominal increase and that doesn’t pinch anybody. If you think about it, if the price of Mother Dairy milk is increased every three months by Rs 2-3, give me one good reason why telecom tariffs cannot be increased by 1 paisa and a quarter. So I think that is the answer to that question.
On spectrum auctions, those are scheduled for February. We have already got a consultation paper out and we are waiting for comments to come in. there will be an open house discussion in Delhi on 22nd and then within three-four weeks, we will send our recommendations. If you have had occasion to read the paper, you will know that the big issues here are not about reserve prices but about the quantum of spectrum or auction and the contiguity of that spectrum.
Sonia: How much do you think the government could actually go ahead and raise through this auction? In the February auction, you have managed to raise more than Rs 61,000 crore. Given the situation currently, what could the ballpark amount be that the government can raise? Also, on the subject of the reserved price, will it be similar to the February auction prices you think?
A: I am not at liberty to tell you what the reserve price will be or what the valuation will be. Please remember that in the February auction of 2014, it was 1,800 that was auctioned and 900 was auctioned only in three circles.
Now you are going to auction 900 in 19 circles. So completely new set of prices have to be determined, which has nothing to do with what was determined for the February 2014 auction. The real problem is on 1,800 megahertz where very little spectrum is currently available for auction. This places telecom operator in a very awkward position because if you don’t win back your 900 and there is not enough 1,800 to buy as a substitute, you are out of business. So that is the do or die type of situation.
Latha: A lot of telecom companies crib about this situation. Elsewhere, I have even heard you speak about how much behind we are in the technology revolution or the digital revolution at least a decade behind the rest as you point out. Do you think that government is now sufficiently convinced that you cannot look at spectrum and telecom as revenue generating machines but as a step to commercial economic development. Do you think that realisation is there and are you agreeable on that theme?
A: My own prediction is that is the way we have to go. Even if we have to auction, we must auction reasonably but as I said publically in a forum week or ten days ago, this bee in our bonnet that all spectrum must be auctioned, this is complete madness.
For instance, microwave access and microwave backbone spectrum is purely supporting infrastructure for the access spectrum. Why do you want to conduct another auction? Why are we not thinking of opening up a widening the Wi-Fi band, currently we have only 2.4-2.485 gigahertz, why cannot it be larger? Thirdly, why cannot you open bands up for testing technologies? In the rest of the world, this is common place where sharing of spectrum and dynamic use of spectrum are not adopted by industry instantly, they are first tested by engineers and scientists on unlicensed spectrum when the technology is validated then it spreads to the industry. But we have got ourselves in such a problem that we don’t even want to contemplate something like that.
So you are absolutely correct that at some stage, this has to dawn on people that you cannot carry on like this because we are going to carry on with the model that CAG, the CVC and the CBI are going to be the prime determinants of development in India then we may as well just back up.
Latha: Is the attitude changing, we have a new government in place, so new beginnings are possible, you don’t notice any such change in perceptions?
A: I have not seen any. The Prime Minister has made public announcements on getting digital India and other such things. The problem is that there is no difficulty with intentions. You need to get this translated into action and that is where the change will come. In terms of spectrum and the way of approaching spectrum, quite honestly, I have seen nobody say anything and therefore, I think that even now Banquo’s ghost is still around.
Sonia: What is your view on consolidation in the sector while the department of telecom (DoT) has released guidelines on mergers and acquisitions (M&A), we haven’t seen any real consolidation in the sector. In fact, India has the largest number of players if you compare it to what is happening worldwide. What is the TRAI’s view on that and do you see a lot more consolidation taking place?
A: The authority’s view and my personal view for a long time has been that we overplayed this competition business. In most jurisdictions, there are at best 2-4 operators. Why India needs 12-13 in each circle God alone knows.
Second, the M&A guidelines that have been issued have not found favour with the industry. So it is like issue a set of guidelines, which are a non-starter and it will not lead to any consolidation and as for spectrum trading and sharing, we have done whatever we had to, we have sent our guidelines back to them. It is now for the government to take a decision one way or the other on how to move on.
Please understand the distinction between the three whereas M&As permit consolidation of the sort of wholesale takeover of individual companies. Trading permits you to buy out or literally strip good assets from bad assets. So you can strip away the spectrum and leave the access network and you can still get ahead.
Sharing is a completely different ballgame because sharing is essentially about enabling huge gains in spectrum efficiencies, which means that with the same quantum of spectrum, howsoever constrained you are, can you use it to increase coverage outreach, reduce drop rate, improve quality of service.
Now, the trading guidelines and the sharing guidelines have been developed in this office and for a very simple reason because if we had merely sent a recommendation to DoT, God alone knows when the guidelines would have seen the light of the day but even now, it is not too late and since these guidelines have been formulated in consultation with the industry, it should be possible for the department to notify them, invite any final comments and then finalise it. M&A is a little trickier. I believe that needs a little more homework to be done.
Latha: I am on your side of the story, let me begin with that point that the media ownership rules are certainly for the benefit of protection of freedom of content; but nevertheless there are commercial considerations. Media companies — whether television or print — have often run themselves into trouble when there are independent owners. So do you think your rules of not allowing concentration of media are flying in the face of reality that if you thwarted ownership, some media would simply go under?
A: I cannot but completely disagree with that point of view. Please understand, the media ownership paper refers to four-five different things. One is horizontal competition to ensure plurality in the relevant market — plurality and diversity. If you are willing to accept restrictions on companies acquiring market share beyond a particular point in the shoe industry, in the biscuit industry, in the cement industry, then why not in the market place for ideas. That is first argument.
The second argument is that look, we knew that this commercial problem would arise. So the way the rules have been framed and unfortunately they are not very well understood, it is only when one person is dominant in both TV and print in the same market, then and then alone problems arise.
If for instance, you are dominant in TV but not in print, you are not affected by the guidelines. If you are dominant in print but not on TV, you are not affected. It is only when you are dominant in both then I have to say take the safeguard measure of ensuring plurality.
The second set of recommendations was about vertical integration and those primarily relate to direct-to-home (DTH), cable. By and large, the DTH operators have responded extremely favourably. There are always one-two people who are hurt. So they will make a noise but I think regulators are not to be conditioned in their responses by one-two individuals in industry.
Third, one of the key components has been disclosure. Disclosure is required under various laws, the Company Law. Always saying implement whatever you need to do and have this disclosure open in public. If you own something, why are you so scared of telling the rest of the world what you own? I think the difficult parts of the media ownership paper relate to practices that have emerged over the last decade — paid news, treaties, self-censorship and erosion of editorial independence.
I think what we are trying to do is two things. One is; we are saying look there is a problem here. We didn’t dream this problem up. We told you about this five years ago, you didn’t listen. Now five years down the road, the problem has become worse and we are not the ones who are saying it, the entire media is saying it. So if you read chapter V, we have extensively quoted the media and not our opinion in the matter. That is something we need to worry about.
Secondly, we need to pause and reflect. If the first citizen of the country, the President of India, says there is a problem, if the Vice President says there is a problem, if a Parliament Standing Committee says there is a problem, are we going to say no, there is no problem.
RELATED NEWS

Not clear what super regulator will do: KhullarAmid talks of a new telecom super regulato that could replace the existing Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), former TRAI chairman Rahul Khullar discussed the merits and demerits of such  a proposal.
According to reports, the new regulator is slated to be christened Communications Commission.
Below is the transcript of Rahul Khullar's interview with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Give us a bit of explanations and elaborations on this Communications Commission that is being mooted with the TDSAT and the TRAI getting rolled into it, though there will be an appellate authority, can you tell us what are the broad contours of this paper?
A: I don’t know the contours of the paper because the drafting of such a bill is left in the hands of the government and the authority is completely independent of the government. So all I know is what I have read in the papers.
Essentially it is a rehash of the version called the convergence bill that was mooted about 10 years ago and then lost any impetus because of turf issues between information and broadcasting and telecom. It is also not apparently clear what you will achieve by combining carriage and content regulation. Some countries have tried that, Malaysia has tried it, Korea tried it and then had to separate content from carriage. So it is not exactly clear where are they are headed right now. I think you should just wait and watch, it is premature to take a call on it at this point of time.
Latha: Conceptually you don’t think it is a good idea to combine the two? You would think carriage whether it is of media or of calls or data should be with one regulator and content should be with another?
A: My sense is that carriage should remain with the authority with TRAI and content should be left to I&B. What I am trying to get at is that, the content regulation primarily pertains to the broadcast media and to the print and television, maybe the internet to some extent.
That content regulation does not fit in to a neat model of government regulation and the moment you try and broach matters concerning broadcasting or news with government regulation, you know exactly what is going to happen. So I think you will have to be very careful when you draft these things.
On the other hand, what you do not want to do is forget the content/carriage part -- you don’t want to create a situation where you have one omnibus regulator supervising four-five independent regulators. I don’t see the purpose of what we will achieve by doing that. So as I said, let me preface it by saying, I don’t know anything about what the government is proposing but what I have read from the media, gives me this impression and I am responding to you only in terms of what I have read in the media.
Sonia: There are some reports that the communications bill is seeking to repeal old legislations like the Telegraphy Act, the TRAI Act and the Indian Wireless Telegraphy Act and modify some other legislations as well. If this comes through, how beneficial do you think it could be for the sector?
A: I am not at all sanguine that these omnibus legislations, which seek to amend six previous Acts legislated as far back as nineteen century will go anywhere. They will be tossed around from one committee to the next and invariably there will be people in the ministry itself who will say let sleeping dogs lie! Why are you rocking the boat? We are managing with telecom sector within the framework of the Telegraphy Aact, why do you want to so drastically change it?
Think about it. The Indian Post Act is also one of those 1900 Acts. In the last 10 years, we have gone through two versions. The first version went to Parliament, we had to withdraw it and then the second version has still not seen the light of the day.
So one needs to be a little more pragmatic in these matters and while it is certainly important that one should plan for the future in terms of convergence and broadband and what have you, you also have to have your feet on the ground in terms of how the industry will function. The telecom industry is coming out of big mess right now. Do you really want to complicate matters for them?
Similarly on the broadcasting side, virtually for five-ten years, nothing has been done and now you have started cleaning up that mess. My gut response as an administrator would be - draft the legislation, do whatever you want, but first don’t muck around with the clean up that we are doing in the two industries. This is far more important that those industries progress successfully rather than building new legal institutional structures under which they are governed.
Latha: Another reform that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announced called was Payment Banks. It was largely targeted at telecom companies and you take a lot of interest in matters finance given your previous policy making records in economic related industries. How do you rate this Payments Bank concept and the telecom companies’ likely response to it?
A: People are lining up thinking that they are all going to get banking licenses. Firstly, if they are not getting banking licenses, they are going to get Payment Bank licenses. My own sense is that not all of them are going to get it.
Secondly, a lot more needs to be done towards financial inclusion before you start talking about payment banks. If there are supposed to be 10,000 banking correspondents (BC) in the country, not even 4,000 are in place; there are no brick and mortar banks in place, very large population in the rural areas don’t even have a no-frills account.
So it is a very important development and it came out of the Nachiket Mor committee recommendations. I have had the opportunity to discuss the matter with the governor and as of now, we are both on the same page. The authority has already issued regulations last year enabling linkages between banks and a central clearing house, telecoms to banks and a central clearing house so that simple transactions like checking your balance, transferring from one account to another, making a payment to your son who is sitting in Telangana; all these rudimentary transactions can be done on a cell phone remotely sitting in a village anywhere. That will only take off when the banks first developed the software with which they deal with their clients.
So secondly, they start opening these bank accounts.
Thirdly, they have to have banking correspondents in place. If there are no banking correspondents in place, where is the cash out? It doesn’t matter to me if I am sitting in a village, all this technology doesn’t matter to me if there is no banking correspondent right there who I can say, give me Rs 500 and he will give me Rs 500.
Let us not leap too far ahead. The issue is this, in most jurisdictions, for reasons of financial prudence; it is the banking regulator who has always insisted that it will be a bank-led model not a telecom-led model. This has caused enormous grief to telecom companies. So suddenly, all these guys are again seeing gold dust in their eyes that if you get a payment bank, I will laugh my way to the bank all over again.
I am somewhat circumspect about how easily they will get that license and I am also slightly concerned about the amount and effort they have to see before that gold dust materialises.
Latha: The big story obviously will be telecom spectrum auctions, how much do you think the government can raise and you have indicated -- you have shown a lot of forbearance with respect to the way in which telecom pricing has happened allowing the industry to find its feet after a long lean period, will that forbearance as well continue?
A: One of the first things I did when I came here in 2012 was formally announcing forbearance. Up till that point of time, forbearance was a fact of life but not an announced public policy. It became announced public policy. That is one difference.
Secondly, ever since 2012 I have always maintained that if your headline tariffs are rupee and your actual recoveries are of the rate of 40-45 paisa, till you get anywhere near close to the headline tariff, I don’t see the need for regulatory intervention. Over the last two years, tariffs have gone up approximately by 0.8 to 1 paisa per quarter, which means over a full year about 4-4.5 paisa depending on which company did its tariff plans how. That is a very nominal increase and that doesn’t pinch anybody. If you think about it, if the price of Mother Dairy milk is increased every three months by Rs 2-3, give me one good reason why telecom tariffs cannot be increased by 1 paisa and a quarter. So I think that is the answer to that question.
On spectrum auctions, those are scheduled for February. We have already got a consultation paper out and we are waiting for comments to come in. there will be an open house discussion in Delhi on 22nd and then within three-four weeks, we will send our recommendations. If you have had occasion to read the paper, you will know that the big issues here are not about reserve prices but about the quantum of spectrum or auction and the contiguity of that spectrum.
Sonia: How much do you think the government could actually go ahead and raise through this auction? In the February auction, you have managed to raise more than Rs 61,000 crore. Given the situation currently, what could the ballpark amount be that the government can raise? Also, on the subject of the reserved price, will it be similar to the February auction prices you think?
A: I am not at liberty to tell you what the reserve price will be or what the valuation will be. Please remember that in the February auction of 2014, it was 1,800 that was auctioned and 900 was auctioned only in three circles.
Now you are going to auction 900 in 19 circles. So completely new set of prices have to be determined, which has nothing to do with what was determined for the February 2014 auction. The real problem is on 1,800 megahertz where very little spectrum is currently available for auction. This places telecom operator in a very awkward position because if you don’t win back your 900 and there is not enough 1,800 to buy as a substitute, you are out of business. So that is the do or die type of situation.
Latha: A lot of telecom companies crib about this situation. Elsewhere, I have even heard you speak about how much behind we are in the technology revolution or the digital revolution at least a decade behind the rest as you point out. Do you think that government is now sufficiently convinced that you cannot look at spectrum and telecom as revenue generating machines but as a step to commercial economic development. Do you think that realisation is there and are you agreeable on that theme?
A: My own prediction is that is the way we have to go. Even if we have to auction, we must auction reasonably but as I said publically in a forum week or ten days ago, this bee in our bonnet that all spectrum must be auctioned, this is complete madness.
For instance, microwave access and microwave backbone spectrum is purely supporting infrastructure for the access spectrum. Why do you want to conduct another auction? Why are we not thinking of opening up a widening the Wi-Fi band, currently we have only 2.4-2.485 gigahertz, why cannot it be larger? Thirdly, why cannot you open bands up for testing technologies? In the rest of the world, this is common place where sharing of spectrum and dynamic use of spectrum are not adopted by industry instantly, they are first tested by engineers and scientists on unlicensed spectrum when the technology is validated then it spreads to the industry. But we have got ourselves in such a problem that we don’t even want to contemplate something like that.
So you are absolutely correct that at some stage, this has to dawn on people that you cannot carry on like this because we are going to carry on with the model that CAG, the CVC and the CBI are going to be the prime determinants of development in India then we may as well just back up.
Latha: Is the attitude changing, we have a new government in place, so new beginnings are possible, you don’t notice any such change in perceptions?
A: I have not seen any. The Prime Minister has made public announcements on getting digital India and other such things. The problem is that there is no difficulty with intentions. You need to get this translated into action and that is where the change will come. In terms of spectrum and the way of approaching spectrum, quite honestly, I have seen nobody say anything and therefore, I think that even now Banquo’s ghost is still around.
Sonia: What is your view on consolidation in the sector while the department of telecom (DoT) has released guidelines on mergers and acquisitions (M&A), we haven’t seen any real consolidation in the sector. In fact, India has the largest number of players if you compare it to what is happening worldwide. What is the TRAI’s view on that and do you see a lot more consolidation taking place?
A: The authority’s view and my personal view for a long time has been that we overplayed this competition business. In most jurisdictions, there are at best 2-4 operators. Why India needs 12-13 in each circle God alone knows.
Second, the M&A guidelines that have been issued have not found favour with the industry. So it is like issue a set of guidelines, which are a non-starter and it will not lead to any consolidation and as for spectrum trading and sharing, we have done whatever we had to, we have sent our guidelines back to them. It is now for the government to take a decision one way or the other on how to move on.
Please understand the distinction between the three whereas M&As permit consolidation of the sort of wholesale takeover of individual companies. Trading permits you to buy out or literally strip good assets from bad assets. So you can strip away the spectrum and leave the access network and you can still get ahead.
Sharing is a completely different ballgame because sharing is essentially about enabling huge gains in spectrum efficiencies, which means that with the same quantum of spectrum, howsoever constrained you are, can you use it to increase coverage outreach, reduce drop rate, improve quality of service.
Now, the trading guidelines and the sharing guidelines have been developed in this office and for a very simple reason because if we had merely sent a recommendation to DoT, God alone knows when the guidelines would have seen the light of the day but even now, it is not too late and since these guidelines have been formulated in consultation with the industry, it should be possible for the department to notify them, invite any final comments and then finalise it. M&A is a little trickier. I believe that needs a little more homework to be done.
Latha: I am on your side of the story, let me begin with that point that the media ownership rules are certainly for the benefit of protection of freedom of content; but nevertheless there are commercial considerations. Media companies — whether television or print — have often run themselves into trouble when there are independent owners. So do you think your rules of not allowing concentration of media are flying in the face of reality that if you thwarted ownership, some media would simply go under?
A: I cannot but completely disagree with that point of view. Please understand, the media ownership paper refers to four-five different things. One is horizontal competition to ensure plurality in the relevant market — plurality and diversity. If you are willing to accept restrictions on companies acquiring market share beyond a particular point in the shoe industry, in the biscuit industry, in the cement industry, then why not in the market place for ideas. That is first argument.
The second argument is that look, we knew that this commercial problem would arise. So the way the rules have been framed and unfortunately they are not very well understood, it is only when one person is dominant in both TV and print in the same market, then and then alone problems arise.
If for instance, you are dominant in TV but not in print, you are not affected by the guidelines. If you are dominant in print but not on TV, you are not affected. It is only when you are dominant in both then I have to say take the safeguard measure of ensuring plurality.
The second set of recommendations was about vertical integration and those primarily relate to direct-to-home (DTH), cable. By and large, the DTH operators have responded extremely favourably. There are always one-two people who are hurt. So they will make a noise but I think regulators are not to be conditioned in their responses by one-two individuals in industry.
Third, one of the key components has been disclosure. Disclosure is required under various laws, the Company Law. Always saying implement whatever you need to do and have this disclosure open in public. If you own something, why are you so scared of telling the rest of the world what you own? I think the difficult parts of the media ownership paper relate to practices that have emerged over the last decade — paid news, treaties, self-censorship and erosion of editorial independence.
I think what we are trying to do is two things. One is; we are saying look there is a problem here. We didn’t dream this problem up. We told you about this five years ago, you didn’t listen. Now five years down the road, the problem has become worse and we are not the ones who are saying it, the entire media is saying it. So if you read chapter V, we have extensively quoted the media and not our opinion in the matter. That is something we need to worry about.
Secondly, we need to pause and reflect. If the first citizen of the country, the President of India, says there is a problem, if the Vice President says there is a problem, if a Parliament Standing Committee says there is a problem, are we going to say no, there is no problem.
RELATED NEWS

Infosys climbs 2% post BP deal; JP Morgan bets on Sikka eraSep 05, 2014, 10.32 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Infosys climbs 2% post BP deal; JP Morgan bets on Sikka era
JP Morgan maintains overweight rating on Infosys with a December 2015 price target of Rs 3900, stating that the recent management change has potentially delayed revenue growth recovery but has also brought much-needed visibility.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Infosys climbs 2% post BP deal; JP Morgan bets on Sikka era
JP Morgan maintains overweight rating on Infosys with a December 2015 price target of Rs 3900, stating that the recent management change has potentially delayed revenue growth recovery but has also brought much-needed visibility.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Infosys jumped over 2 percent intraday on Friday as investors celebrate clenching its first big deal under new leadership of Vishal Sikka. The IT firm bagged five-year deal worth USD 500 million with BP.
As per the agreement, Infosys will provide IT services across BP's operations, including corporate functions, upstream, and downstream segments, energy trading and marketing in Houston, Texas, UK, Azerbaijan, Angola, Brazil and Singapore.
JP Morgan maintains overweight rating on Infosys with a December 2015 price target of Rs 3900, stating that the recent management change has potentially delayed revenue growth recovery but has also brought much-needed visibility.
Though expectations seem low at this point, demand environment for the sector is ticking up and the stock has started to perform better in relative terms, which the brokerage thinks may continue in the near term.
“We believe the discount is justified as TCS ’s revenue growth and margin profile are better than Infosys’s, in our view. Notably, our exchange rate assumption is Rs60/USD for the next eleven quarters (from 2QFY15 to 4QFY17),” it said in a report.
At 09:41 hrs Infosys was quoting at Rs 3,756.15, up Rs 48.10, or 1.30 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Nasrin Sultana

J&K floods: Ground report from the Tawi RiverWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

L-G report reaches MHA  BJP likely to be invited to form government in DelhiUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The Ministry of Home Affairs on Friday received a report from the Lieutenant General Najeeb Jung on the stalemate over government formation in Delhi. In the report, Jung has sought President's nod to consult Bharatiya Janata Party, the single largest party in the Assembly on government formation, say sources.
Sources further added that the MHA is likely to tell the President that Centre had no objection with the L-G's request and that he could be given a go-ahead to consult the BJP.
Senior BJP leader Nitin Gadkari reacted to the latest development saying, "All options are being discussed. BJP will not indulge in horse trading in any circumstance."
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said the party would examine if it was invited to form government.
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay will meet Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday evening and discuss the situation.
The Congress, meanwhile, scoffed at BJP saying that it was running away from forming government.
In his report, Jung gave a detailed analysis of the political situation in the city and underlined the need to have an elected government in the city which is under President's rule since February 17 following resignation of the Aam Aadmi Party government which was in power for 49 days.
The Lt Governor said though no party has staked claim to form government in Delhi, the BJP could be invited to take the reins as it is the single largest party in the Assembly. Jung observed that all options for putting in place an elected government should be explored before contemplating holding of fresh polls.
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said the party would examine if it was invited to form government.
Sources in BJP said almost all its MLAs and senior  "Delhi leaders were not in favour of facing Assembly election immediately and have already conveyed their views to top leadership.
Following resignation of the three legislators, the strength of the Assembly had come down to 67 and BJP will require support of at least five more MLAs to reach the majority mark of 34 to prove its majority in the House.
The Aam Aadmi Party had won 28 seats in its debut Assembly elections and had later formed the government with outside support from Congress' eight MLAs.
The government led by Kejriwal had resigned on February 4 after the party's pet project, the Janlokpal Bill, could not be passed due to opposition from BJP and Congress.
President's Rule was imposed in Delhi on February 17. The Lt Governor had not favoured dissolution of the Delhi Assembly as recommended by the Council of Ministers headed by Kejriwal and kept the Assembly in suspended animation.
Last week the Congress and AAP had cautioned the Lt Governor not to take any "unconstitutional move" by inviting BJP to form government. Both the parties have been demanding immediate dissolution of the Assembly, saying keeping it in suspended animation will encourage horse trading.
BJP, along with its ally Akali Dal's one MLA, has 29 MLAs in the Assembly and it will require support of five more legislators to prove majority in the House.
BJP had won 31 seats in the 70-member Assembly but the number of BJP MLAs came down to 28 as three party legislators Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pervesh Verma had resigned from the Assembly after they were elected to Lok Sabha.
(With inputs from PTI)

Learning environment has improved over past decade: SurveyLearning environment has improved over past decade: Survey
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 5:  
Half of students entering a class or grade lack the skills - academic, cognitive and vocational - required for that level.
This signifies low orientation of the system on skill development, according to the Pearson Voice of Teacher Survey 2014.
Silver lining
The survey represents the views of 5,145 teachers from schools and higher education institutes across 247 cities and towns in the country.
Released on the occasion of Teachers’ Day, Voice of Teacher Survey is an annual initiative of Pearson, a leading learning company.
Spire Research and Consulting, a leading strategic market intelligence consultancy of the Asia-Pacific region, partnered with Pearson in the effort.
The survey cited as a silver lining teacher’s (79 per cent) belief that the learning environment has improved over the past decade.
Key factors
The perception varies by segment/level - school teachers being (93 per cent) more convinced about the changes than counterparts in higher education (71 per cent).
The survey also reveals that the teachers consider real-life and practical exposure (63 per cent as the key factor in driving learning outcomes.
Technology integration into teaching (51 per cent); training on new methodologies (49 per cent); and improved curriculum and assessment framework (44 per cent), followed in that order.
The survey focuses on topical issues facing Indian education sector and shares teachers’ perspective on the changing dynamics of the ecosystem.
Survey focus
The 2014 edition of the survey focuses on the education system’s ability to drive learner outcomes and the challenges faced in achieving the same.
A vast majority of the teachers (92 per cent) believe that the assessment system in the country focuses primarily on exam results.
They consider skill and personality development (94 per cent) as the most important benchmark for measuring learner success, followed by preparedness for higher education and job (83 per cent) and the test and exam results (57 per cent).
With respect to achieving the desired learning outcomes, the teachers are least satisfied with the support they receive from parents (54 per cent) and policymakers (55 per cent).
'Telfie Salute'
Deepak Mehrotra, Managing Director, Pearson India, said that the company believed in the age-old tradition of respecting teachers and their views.
It was this thought that led to the launch of the Pearson Voice of Teacher Survey in 2013. “It is our attempt to share their views with the world.”
Pearson India also announced the annual ‘Thank Your Teacher’ campaign - a nationwide initiative encouraging students, past and present, to come forward and thank their teachers.
One of the major highlights of this year is the new ‘Telfie Salute’ – urging students to upload a selfie with their favourite teacher on the company's Web site.
Through this initiative, students can send out thank you notes, pictures and videos of their favourite teachers, Mehrotra said.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Goa defers iron ore e-auctioning after slump in international pricesGoa defers iron ore e-auctioning after slump in international prices
PTI
Tweet
Panaji, Sept 5:  
The Goa Government has put on hold the fifth e-auctioning of iron ore, which was scheduled to be held this week, owing to falling prices in international markets.
The e-auctioning has been postponed, it may be held sometime next week, state mines and geology department director Prasanna Acharya said.
“The State Government will have to decide the further date,” he said.
“Looking at the international prices of the ore we decided to postpone the e-auctioning. The international market does not look promising at this point of time,” he said.
Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar, who is currently out of station, will return on September 9 and only after that the call on the next date of e-auctioning would be taken, he said.
Around 2.18 million tonnes of ore was supposed to be put for e-auctioning by the state government, which has already auctioned in four different phases and earned Rs 583 crore revenue in the form of sale proceeds, besides Rs 62.2 crore as value-added tax, royalty, transport cess and processing fee.
The e-auctioning is being held under the supervision of a monitoring committee appointed by the Supreme Court.
Total 15 million tonnes of ore lying at Mormugao Port Trust, jetties and mining leases is supposed to be sold through auctioning.
The first e-auctioning was held on February 17 with 5.8 lakh tonnes of ore fetching Rs 102 crore, followed by 10.75 lakh e-auctioned on March 5, collecting Rs 167 crore.
The third e-auctioning was held on May 12, wherein 5.53 lakh tonnes was auctioned for Rs 77 crore, and the fourth e-auction was held for three days on August 19, 20 and 21 when 19.36 lakh tonnes of ore was sold, earning Rs 237 crore for the State Government.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Photo-sharing service Twitpic logs out  blam...Photo-sharing service Twitpic logs out, blames Twitter
By Business Insider | 10 Sep, 2014, 11.23AM IST
0
Share More
In a blog post, Twitpic founder Noah Everett writes that Twitter threatened to cut off access to its developer tools:
ET SPECIAL:
By Karyne Levy
Photo-sharing site Twitpic announced today that it's shutting down on September 25.
Twitpic allowed you to share photos on Twitter long before you were natively allowed to do so from within Twitter.
The company cites a trademark dispute with Twitter as the reason it's shutting its doors.
In a blog post, Twitpic founder Noah Everett writes that Twitter threatened to cut off access to its developer tools:
A few weeks ago Twitter contacted our legal demanding that we abandon our trademark application or risk losing access to their API. This came as a shock to us since Twitpic has been around since early 2008, and our trademark application has been in the USPTO since 2009.
Rather than fight the company, the post reads, Everett decided to shut Twitpic down. That means that all the old tweets that include Twitpic pictures will have dead links.
And that includes animated GIFs. Twitpic is currently one of the only ways to tweet out the file format on popular Twitter feed readers like TweetDeck.
Twitpic will offer a way to download photos and videos that remain on the site within the next few days.
We've reached out to Twitter for comment, and will update this post when we hear back.

Tony Abbott arrives in DelhiNew Delhi, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 5, 2014 12:06 IST
Tony Abbott receives guard of honour at Rashtrapati Bhavan
PTI
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi welcoming Tony Abbott, during a ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan in New Delhi on Friday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
India-Australia
Prime Minister Narendra Modi welcomed him at a ceremonial reception.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott was given a ceremonial reception in the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi this morning ahead of his crucial meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Mr. Abbott, who arrived in New Delhi last evening after stopping over in Mumbai for a function, will be calling on President Pranab Mukherjee and Vice President Hamid Ansari also.
Mr. Abbott was accorded a ceremonial guard of honour at the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan. He was received by Modi at the lawns of Presidential house.
A spectacular official welcome to India by Prime Minister @narendramodi pic.twitter.com/M57eI9b5ss
— Tony Abbott (@TonyAbbottMHR) September 5, 2014
He arrived from Mumbai last evening and he was received by Minister of State (Independent charge) for Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy Piyush Goyal.
In Mumbai, the Australian Prime Minister told business leaders that the purpose of his trip was “to acknowledge the importance of India in the wider world and acknowledge the importance of India to Australia’s future“.
He also announced a scheme to boost the numbers of Australians studying in India and met Indian cricketing great Sachin Tendulkar ahead of Australia’s hosting of the World Cup next year.

BJP may get invite to form govt in Delhi  AAP says it s running away from fresh electionsBJP is likely to give govt formation in Delhi a shot
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 10:35 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:26 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
The BJP seemed inclined to take a shot at forming the government in Delhi, a day after lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung sent a report to President Pranab Mukherjee. Sources said the home ministry was in favour of exploring options for government formation and the same was expected to be conveyed to the LG on Saturday.
 
Even if the party declines, it would only be after an “earnest effort”, a BJP source said Friday.
Jung had written to Mukherjee recommending that the single largest party be given a chance to come to power, and Rashtrapati Bhawan had in turn forwarded the request to the home ministry. On Friday, the ministry gave its consent to Jung’s request.
Delhi has been under central rule since the AAP government stepped down in February.
The task, though, isn’t easy. The BJP has 28 MLAs while its ally, the Akali Dal, has one. It needs the support of five more MLAs to prove its majority in the 67-member assembly. While two independents are understood to have pledged their support, the party is still three shy of the magic figure. Making up the numbers would require defections in the rival camp — an idea the BJP was initially averse to.
The impasse comes up before the Supreme Court on Tuesday and a clearer picture may emerge after that.
 
The BJP leadership was initially reluctant, given the lack of numbers in the House. But sources said a section argued for the installation of a minority government, thus leaving it to the opposition parties to either topple it or let it survive through abstention from voting.
“The party will take a decision,” a guarded home minister Rajnath Singh said after a meeting with transport minister Nitin Gadkari, who is the party’s Delhi in-charge.
 
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay, who also met Singh, said, “If invited, we will explore all possibilities to form government by constitutional means. We are a political party and giving good governance to Delhiites is our responsibility.”
Many BJP leaders were earlier in favour of fresh elections. But with key assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana in the coming months, the party believes January-February would be the “best time” to hold polls in Delhi.
 
This would give it more time to prepare — by stepping up civic work and allowing winter to cool off high food prices — while good results in the assembly polls would help its prospects in Delhi.
The party won all seven of the city’s Lok Sabha seats in the April-May general elections but fears the AAP may still have an edge in the local polls. This is because the general elections saw the Arvind Kejriwal-led party increase its vote share from the December 2013 assembly polls.

Not just from cities  even tribal students from Maoist-hit Dantewada to interact live with ModiComments
For 15 tribal students in strife-torn Dantewada district of south Chhattisgarh, Teachers' Day will be different on Friday. They will directly interact with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday.
Some of these students, from Class 5 to Class 12, also happen to be victims of the Maoist violence, HT has learnt. They have being taken through the ropes of video conferencing for the last couple of days to participate in the interactive session with Modi.
 
Dantewada, about 400 km south of Raipur, is the only district selected in the state — where the BJP is in power — for the interaction. 
 
The government of India officials have already carried out few trial rounds and cited the preparation as most satisfactory among the seven districts from where students will  be interacting with the PM.
 
“We got an email of appreciation that our preparation has been far better than the other districts. The light, sound, battery back-up arrangement and other things have been thoroughly checked by the GoI officials and they appeared much satisfied,” Dantewada collector KC Devasenapathi said.
 
The principals of different schools in the district were asked to select two students for the event. “The 15 tribal students are quite excited and looking forward to the session. They are good in communication and speak English,” the collector said.
 
Meanwhile the HT has accessed the circular issued by the school education department. It has directed the officials to ensure the schools have television sets or radios and even put to use the internet for live streaming of Modi’s speech.
 
The circular has been issued to all district collectors, chief executive officers of district panchayats and the district education officers. They have been directed to conduct the school hours on Friday from 11 am to 5 pm. For emergency situation arising out of power-cut or interruption, the circular further instructs to keep generators or invertors ready. All 224 centres connected with Education Satellite (Edusat) have been technically examined and tested for live telecast of the programme. 
 
Chief minister Raman Singh has appealed for the maximum participation of students and teachers during the telecast of the PM’s speech.
 
Interestingly, the government has instructed all concerned officials to mail or fax their reports about the programme from respective districts by evening. “Everything will be monitored", a school principal who did not want to be named said.

Former CJI Sathasivam sworn in as Kerala governorComments
Former Chief Justice of India P Sathasivam was sworn in as Kerala governor on Friday.
65-year-old Sathasivam, whose appointment triggered debate in legal and political circles on the propriety of giving gubernatorial assignment to a former CJI, is the 23rd governor of the state.
He was administered the oath of office by acting chief justice of the Kerala High Court, justice Ashok Bhushan, at the Raj Bhavan in Thiruvananthapuram.
He is the first Chief Justice of India to be appointed to the post which is lower in warrant of precedence to the CJI.
He is also the first non-political person appointed for a gubernatorial post by the new NDA government.
Chief minister Oommen Chandy, his cabinet colleagues, deputy chairman of the Rajya Sabha PJ Kurien and Kerala assembly speaker G Karthikeyan were present at the function.
However, LDF leaders did not turn up for the function.
After his appointment on September 3, Sathasivam had said, "I can utilise my service to the people of the state in a better way compared to other politicians. I want to utilise my experience for the people of the particular state (Kerala)."
Sathasivam, who was appointed as Governor of Kerala replacing Sheila Dikshit, retired as CJI in April this year.

Kothari World Finance: AGM on Sept 26  2014 (Cut-off date for E voting)Sep 05, 2014, 11.16 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kothari World Finance: AGM on Sept 26, 2014 (Cut-off date for E voting)
Kothari World Finance has informed that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 26, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kothari World Finance: AGM on Sept 26, 2014 (Cut-off date for E voting)
Kothari World Finance has informed that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 26, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Kothari World Finance Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 26, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Chandan Taparia negative on HDIL  may test Rs 85Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Chandan Taparia negative on HDIL, may test Rs 85
Chandan Taparia, Derivative & Technical Analyst at Anand Rathi Securities has a negative view on Housing Development and Infrastructure and DLF.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Chandan Taparia, Derivative & Technical Analyst at Anand Rathi Securities told CNBC-TV18, "We have a negative view on Housing Development and Infrastructure  (HDIL). We are continuously negative on all the infrastructure and the real estate counter except IRB Infrastructure Developers ."
"HDIL is continuously trading in a range of Rs 100-285 levels. The stock is finding some pressure near to the Rs 100-102 zone and also writing seen at 100 strike which is indicating that it is tough to close above Rs 102 levels. We are also negative on  DLF . It already corrected 10-12 percent in this series and that is why we are taking HDIL now. Keep a stoploss at Rs 102 in HDIL and play for the downside target of Rs 85," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Sree Rayalaseema Hi-Strength Hypo: Outcome of board meetingSep 05, 2014, 11.15 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sree Rayalaseema Hi-Strength Hypo: Outcome of board meeting
Sree Rayalaseema Hi-Strength Hypo has board meeting held on August 14, 2014, has decided the following :- The Company is providing postal ballot facility to shareholders who do not have access to e-voting facility and duly completed ballot forms should reach the Scrutinizer Mr. M. Nirmal Kumar Reddy not later than September 24, 2014 (6.00 p.m.).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sree Rayalaseema Hi-Strength Hypo: Outcome of board meeting
Sree Rayalaseema Hi-Strength Hypo has board meeting held on August 14, 2014, has decided the following :- The Company is providing postal ballot facility to shareholders who do not have access to e-voting facility and duly completed ballot forms should reach the Scrutinizer Mr. M. Nirmal Kumar Reddy not later than September 24, 2014 (6.00 p.m.).
Post your opinion here
 
Sree Rayalaseema Hi-Strength Hypo Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on August 14, 2014, inter alia, has decided the following :- The Company is providing postal ballot facility to shareholders who do not have access to e-voting facility and duly completed ballot forms should reach the Scrutinizer Mr. M. Nirmal Kumar Reddy not later than September 24, 2014 (6.00 p.m.).Source : BSE

Modi to Turn Big Boss on Teacher s Day; HRD Min to Check on Flouting SchoolsModi to Turn Big Boss on Teacher s Day; HRD Min to Check on Flouting Schools
Joan Rivers wanted her funeral to be  huge showbiz affairJoan Rivers wanted her funeral to be  huge showbiz affair
Refined soya oil futures gain 0.34 pc as demand picks upRefined soya oil futures gain 0.34 pc as demand picks up
Indian real estate market saw significant change during 2005-14: ReportIndian real estate market saw significant change during 2005-14: Report
IT Newsletter - September 01 to 05  2014IT Newsletter - September 01 to 05  2014
Silver moves down 0.10 pc in futures trade on overseas cuesSilver moves down 0.10 pc in futures trade on overseas cues
BJP may get invite to form government in DelhiHi Guest
BJP may get invite to form govt in Delhi | LG promoting horse-trading: AAP
Top sources in the government told TOI that the LG's note has been forwarded by the President to the Union home ministry for its opinion. NEW DELHI: BJP is likely to be invited to form a government in Delhi with Lt Governor Najeeb Jung sending a report to ...

Tech Mahindra at new high  signs agreement with BombardierTech Mahindra at new high  signs agreement with Bombardier
L&T bags power plant order worth Rs 51 bnL&T bags power plant order worth Rs 51 bn
Nikkei gains as yen drops to 6-year lowNikkei gains as yen drops to 6-year low
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Sept 5:  
Japan's Nikkei share average rose on Friday morning as the dollar rose to a six-year high against the yen, supported by the European Central Bank's latest monetary easing. The weaker yen helped exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp and Honda Motor Co.
The Nikkei gained 0.3 percent to 15,725.67 in mid-morning trade, hovering near a seven-month high of 15,829.38 hit on Wednesday. For the week, the index has risen 2.0 per cent.
The European Central Bank has cut interest rates to fresh record lows and announced plans to buy asset-backed securities (ABS) and covered bonds in October.
Analysts said that the weak yen trend supports the overall mood, but for Friday, the major players seen are short-term hedge funds, so gains may be trimmed later in the trade.
“Short-term traders are drawn to Japan as they buy futures while they sell the yen,’’ said Norihiro Fujito, a senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities.
“Bellwether stocks like Toyota are rising so sentiment is positive, but volume in cash trade is not impressive so the market may become choppy later.’’
Fujito said that cash investors refrained from taking large positions before the week-end.
Toyota gained 0.7 per cent, Honda added 0.4 per cent and Canon Inc advanced 0.3 per cent after the dollar climbed to as high as 105.71 yen, its highest level since October 2008. It last stood at 105.60 yen, up 0.3 percent on the day.
Sekisui House Ltd soared 2.2 per cent after its earnings for the Feb-July period were robust due to its strong rental housing business.
The broader Topix was flat at 1,296.83, and the new JPX-Nikkei Index 400 rose 0.1 percent to 11,768.22.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Google says Happy Teacher s Day with doodleGoogle says Happy Teacher's Day with doodle
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 5:  
Google on Friday posted a doodle on its India home page on the occasion of Teacher’s Day.
The doodle features six different teachers – a principal at his desk; a mathematics teacher solving problems on the board; a kindergarten teacher reading to kids; a sports teacher who is all set for a basketball game; the chemistry teacher in a lab; and, the music teacher.
Celebrated on September 5 every year, Teacher’s Day also marks the birth anniversary of India’s second President, Dr Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan. He was a respected scholar and teacher of philosophy.
On this day, also called Guru Divas, students are known to honour teachers for their contribution.
However, World Teacher’s Day is actually observed on October 5. The UNESCO began observing World Teachers' Day on October 5 since 1994.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Indian economy sees growth momentum  says OECDIndian economy sees growth momentum, says OECD
PTI Aug 11, 2014, 06.07PM IST
Tags:
CLIs
(The readings are based on…)
LONDON: India's economic growth is gaining momentum, Paris-based think tank OECD said today amid the new government initiating various measures to bolster the economy.
Major developed nations, including the United States and Canada, also continue to see "stable growth momentum".
According to the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), India is poised for better growth.
The readings are based on Composite Leading Indicators (CLIs), that are designed to anticipate turning points in economic activity relative to trend.
"For the major emerging economies, the CLIs indicate growth around trend in China and Russia and below trend in Brazil, while the CLI for India points to growth gaining momentum," OECD said in a statement.
India's CLI inched up to 99.2 in June from 98.9 in May. The country's economy, which registered sub-five per cent growth in the past two years, is expected to see better expansion rate in the coming months.
Indian economy is likely to expand in the range of 5.4 to 5.9 per cent this fiscal.
After recovering in 2009-10 and 2010-11, GDP growth slowed down to decade's low of 4.5 per cent in 2012-13. It picked up marginally to 4.7 per cent in 2013-14.
The new government, which took charge in May, has initiated various measures to attract more investments and remove bottlenecks in the infrastructure, among others, to boost growth.
Meanwhile, OECD said the indicators for the United States and Canada are also showing stable growth momentum. "This is the case for the United Kingdom as well, where the growth momentum remains above-trend rates," it added.
However, Japan is anticipated to see an "interruption in the growth momentum although this probably reflects one-off factors".
In the euro area as a whole and in France, the CLIs point to stable growth momentum, the statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India leading the fray for Samsung in software innovation in educationShamni Pande      Follow @ShamniPande    Last Updated: September 3, 2014  | 13:05 IST
Tarun Malik, Director - MSC for South-West Asia at Samsung Electronics.
Samsung Electronics on Tuesday announced the launch of its android-based education application under its Media Solutions Centre (MSC) division, as the company takes a shot at the e-learning market estimated at Rs 18.41 trillion. According to a Ken Research Report, the e-learning market - which includes the use of electronic media and all information and communication devices/technologies in education - is set to grow at a compounded annual rate of more than 17 per cent until 2018. Tarun Malik, Director - MSC for South-West Asia at Samsung Electronics, speaks to Shamni Pande about the $216.7-billion electronics giant's new initiative. Excerpts from the interview:
Q. Does the launch of the education application signal a strategic shift for Samsung?
A. Yes, it does. With the launch of our education application, we are initiating a big push in the software innovation space. If you look at the education space then we are looking at potentially 30 million school-going students in India, who we believe, are underserved in some ways. Of course, if you look at the entire universe of students, which includes special education, test-preparation and higher education, then this number is about 200 million.
We will initially focus on the K-12 segment and we are going to offer CBSE curriculum in an interactive manner for students. Down the line, we will also offer ICSE curriculum along with other boards. With this we hope to not only take position in the education/e-learning space, but also in software innovation for the first time. We are also partnering with Aakash Institute to offer test-preparation through their flagship iTutor product. We will not just offer learning, but also assessment content for class 8 up to class 10 as well as medical and engineering entrance exams.
Q. Will it challenge the position of established e-learning players, particularly those dealing in smart-class?
A. It does take us into the e-learning territory. However, we are not challenging others, but merely have worked on our capability sets to fill the existing gaps in the education system. Many players went to sell PC-based learning system to schools, which failed. Today, people like personal devices. Also, we identified some other areas where the learning will be aided by PDFs and simulation videos and even be delivered in 3D through our Smart TVs. There are many players, but none that has gone the whole nine yards to stitch it all up together. Besides, we do have leadership in tablets and Smart TV, so this launch is also focused on our devices. This means that people can buy our android-based app on Samsung Playstore.
Initially, we may just offer it as a promotional add-on with our devices, but we will be selling it. The entire curriculum for each class will cost about Rs 2,000 for one year. However, this price in not fixed and will vary according to the grade. Samsung 's Smart Learning app can be accessed anytime, anywhere with online and offline access points as it is cloud-based service. In short, we are very bullish about this space.
Q. Are you speaking to schools and the government and others for possible partnerships?
A. Yes, we have initiated talks, but we have no announcements to make yet. We initiatlly hope to increase our spread and will launch this commercially on Teachers' Day. About 7,000 stores in India have been equipped to sell education content on Samsung Galaxy Tab, which will be extended to 10,000 stores.
Q. What are the other spaces you are looking at?
A. This is just the beginning, you will hear of many new announcements in the software innovation space from us. There is a whole new team in the MSC that is mandated to come up with innovative applications in different spaces. Of course, they involve our devices. But the India market is leading the fray, globally for Samsung, in software innovation in education. Gradually, we will offer this in other Southeast Asian countries as well.

TripAdvisor appoints Angie VauxTweet
New Delhi, September 2:  
Travel portal TripAdvisor has announced the appointment of Angie Vaux as Commercial Director, Asia Pacific, TripAdvisor for Business. Vaux will be responsible for growing the portal’s presence in Asia-Pacific, overseeing regional sales team and delivering on the company’s commitment to help hotels and B&Bs (Bed & Breakfast) attract more travellers and succeed in the online marketplace, a statement from the company said.
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)
Related

Samsung Galaxy Note 4: First impressionsSamsung Galaxy Note 4: First impressions
4 Sep, 2014
Tweet
Hitesh Raj Bhagat, ET Bureau
Samsung's latest flagship Note 4 has been unveiled at an Unpacked event in Berlin, ahead of IFA 2014. At first glance, the device doesn't seem too radically different from its predecessor, the Note 3.
However, looking closely, there are major improvements to the screen (quad HD super amoled), build quality (metal rim), camera (16MP rear with optical image stabilisation), S Pen (doubled pressure sensitivity) and interface as well.

Samsung launches virtual reality headset for Galaxy Note 4Samsung launches virtual reality headset for Galaxy Note 4
4 Sep, 2014
Tweet
Text: Reuters
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd has launched a virtual reality headset for its new Galaxy Note 4 phablet using technology from Oculus VR, a company that Facebook Inc acquired for $2 billion.
The wireless headset, called Samsung Gear VR Innovator Edition, allows users to watch videos and play games in a virtual reality setting.

Samsung unveils Galaxy Note 4  Note Edge & Gear SSamsung unveils Galaxy Note 4, Note Edge & Gear S
1/12
This year's weirdest questions come courtesy of Apple, Twitter, Goldman Sachs, Google, Amazon,...
 
With smartphone offerings growing by the minute, settling for the right device can be a tiring...
 
Modi arrived in the Japan's ancient capital on Saturday to begin his five-day visit to Japan.
 
>
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

Modi has stirred up hopes globally  feels Sam WalshNarendra Modi has stirred up hopes globally, feels Sam Walsh
MEERA MOHANTY, ET Bureau Sep 4, 2014, 02.18AM IST
Tags:
Narendra Modi
(Rio Tinto Chief Executive…)
Rio Tinto Chief Executive Sam Walsh says the whole world is looking at Prime Minister Narendra Modi with great expectation, as is the mining giant that has patiently waited nearly two decades now for an iron-ore lease in Odisha. In India, ahead of Australian PM Tony Abbott's visit when the two nations are expected to sign a civil nuclear deal, Walsh tells Meera Mohanty about his India projects and problems Rio faces here. Edited excerpts:
Are you looking forward to exporting uranium to India?
We can't speculate on what the prime ministers will do during the visit.
There is a considerable optimism about the new government led by Modi. Do you see tangible signs of change?
Certainly expectations have been raised, share market has improved. It is a bit like in Japan when Prime Minister Abe was appointed. The initial impact was a far more buoyant feeling about the economy, but then the hard items have been delivered. I am already hearing stories about how Prime Minister Modi is making a difference - holding people accountable, he is pushing and driving his ministers, it's good.
How exactly can he help your interests in India (a diamond project in Bunder, Madhya Pradesh and an iron-ore venture with Orissa Mining Corporation signed in 1995) - policy changes in mining or granting you a lease in Odisha?
There are a range of issues. Obviously, the approval issues are very lengthy but also the tax regime for project is very stiff — adding up to 62% — that is way above of projects elsewhere in the world. So, this is quite a major issue for encouraging the development of resources which India needs. Both Odisha and Bunder projects are on the government's priority list. Secondly, I will use this visit to speak to ministers, and hopefully the Prime Minister about our projects.
It might seem hugely frustrating to us, but are such long incubation periods normal for companies like yours?
I suspect we are past that. Odisha is 19 years (since an initial agreement was signed). Bunder is 11. We have to mine where God puts the resource, and he must have a sense of humour because he puts them in some very strange and remote places. Our policy is to invest in tier-I deposits, both of these are tier-I. We want the projects to be low cost and expandable and again both of these projects fit that. So it is worth waiting to get these resources.
Are there other sorts of opportunities in India — acquiring mines up for auction in Karnataka for example?
We have an expression team which is here. Unfortunately, some items have been in for approval for three years. We would consider if we find tier-I deposit.
Your partner in Odisha project, OMC, doesn't want you anymore?
I am not sure that's exactly right. There are issues that we have to resolve but we are working through those. The point is that we are currently importing iron ore from Australia and Canada that doesn't make sense. You shouldn't have to do it. We would much rather supply the iron ore from the Odisha mine that is what we would really really like to do. Of course, if we can't then we will supply from Australia and Canada.
At $87 a tonne for iron ore, and given India's very high inland freight costs in India, this is a great opportunity for you to sell iron ore to India.
India is highly prospective. Hundreds of millions of people will move from rural environment into the cities and that urbanisation and industrial isation process will need steel, will need coal. That's a good outlook for our business. The world cannot develop without the raw material that my company supplies, whether it's copper or aluminium, or iron ore, coal, industrial mineral or even diamonds.
So, Rio Tinto is no longer selling off its diamond business?
I personally like the diamond business. I was very pleased when Prime Minister Abe visited, his wife got to see our pink diamonds (at its Argyle mine in Western Australia). My wife showed his wife the diamonds which was nice. It is getting harder and harder to find new diamond pipes. That is why Bunder is so important.
 
Aluminium prices have also done well recently...
Aluminium has increased by 20% in the last three months, but also premiums for immediate delivery have stayed high at $400 a tonne.
What about the copper mines in Papua New Guinea - do you still retain claim?
The Autonomous Bougainville Government has converted the mining lease to an exploration lease. We are going to review what exactly we will do with the project. It was project that we mined up until 1988 when there was the Bougainville revolution and there was lot of violence and we exited at that time. We have not been back since.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian economy expected to grow by 5.5 per cent in current fiscal: UN reporteconomic reforms
("Indian economy expanded…)
BANGKOK: India's economy is expected to record stronger growth momentum of 5.5 per cent in the current fiscal, underpinned by "solid expansion" in industrial and services sectors, and impetus to economic reforms by the new government, according to a UN report.
In its report, the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (UNESCAP) said a fragile global economy has "weighed" on Indian economy in recent years, but "delays" in tackling "structural impediments", such as rising inequality, high inflation and infrastructure shortages have also affected the growth rate.
"Indian economy expanded by 4.7 per cent in the fiscal year 2013, up from 4.5 per cent in the previous year. This rate is, however, far below the 9.5 per cent pace registered in the years prior to the global financial crisis," said the report, released at a meeting of UNESCAP here.
Noting that the economy was heading for a rebound, it said the "formation of a new government after parliamentary elections in April-May 2014 also provides impetus to economic reforms".
Talking about the financial market volatility, the report titled 'Economic and Social Survey of Asia and the Pacific 2014' said India experienced capital outflows and sharp currency depreciation in mid-2013 on speculation of a change in the United States monetary policy stance.
"In response, capital flow management tools were introduced, such as lowering the limit on overseas investment. Moreover, after a steady decrease between January and September 2013, the policy interest rate was raised to stem capital outflows," the annual flagship publication of UNESCAP said.
It observed that "macroeconomic imbalances", such as persistently high inflation and "limited fiscal space", have constrained India's capacity to weather capital flow volatility more resiliently.
"Tight monetary policy to contain inflationary expectations and capital flight also had an impact on domestic demand. Consumer confidence deteriorated, with car sales in 2013 declining for the first time in a decade. Fixed investment also slowed, in line with sluggish demand and higher interest rates," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Profit-taking  weak global cues pull Sensex down 54 pointsProfit-taking, weak global cues pull Sensex down 54 points
Our Bureau/Agencies
Realty, metal stocks lose shine
Mumbai, Sept 4:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session marginally in the red due to profit-taking by funds and retail investors after eight-day rally amid weak global cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex ended at 27,085.93, down 54.01 points and the 50-share NSE index Nifty ended at 8,095.95, down 18.65 points.
Brokers said the market was in over-bought position following recent record-setting spree on robust capital inflows and participants preferred to lock in gains at current levels, pulling down the key indices from record highs.
They said the fall was also attributed to a weak trend in global markets on profit-taking following a rally in yesterday’s trade.
Among BSE sectoral indices, realty index fell the most by 4.42 per cent, followed by metal 1.5 per cent and capital goods 1.00 per cent. On the other hand, healthcare, FMCG and consumer durables indices found investors' support and were up 0.49 per cent, 0.26 per cent and 0.13 per cent, respectively.
Bajaj Auto, Hero MotoCorp, NTPC, HDFC and Axis Bank were the top five Sensex gainers, while the top five losers were BHEL, Hindalco, Tata Steel, Tata Motors and GAIL.
Most European stocks fell, with the Stoxx Europe 600 Index slipping from an almost two-month high, as investors awaited the European Central Bank’s next steps on interest rates and quantitative easing. US index futures and Asian shares were little changed.
The Stoxx 600 fell 0.1 per cent to 344.47 at 10.33 a.m. in London. Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures was up less than 0.1 per cent, while the MSCI Asia Pacific Index fell 0.1 per cent.
While the European Central Bank is unlikely to take action on Thursday, any hint from President Mario Draghi that the bank is readying such a programme could drive down the euro.
The Bank of Japan maintained its policy on Thursday, leaving its massive stimulus programme unchanged. The Bank of England also meets today and is expected to leave policy alone.
Meanwhile, the European Central Bank (ECB) is likely to move to a single supervisory mechanism for its 19-member countries in two months.
Sabine Lautenschläger, Member - Executive Board, ECB, in a speech on Wednesday had said: “The asset quality review has already given us a deeper insight into the banks’ procedures, thereby making it possible for us to check “which differences between banks are justified and to ascertain where we need to probe critically. The heads of Joint Supervisory Teams will come from a country other than that in which the institution it is supervising is established. In concrete terms: the head supervisor for Deutsche Bank will be a French lady; BNP Paribas will be supervised by an Italian man.”
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Polyester stinks worse than cotton post workoutApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Coal India comes to rescue of power plantsCoal India rushes to supply power plants with critically low stocks
Krishna N Das        Last Updated: September 4, 2014  | 18:03 IST
Photo:  Reuters
Coal India is rushing to supply coal it has sourced from railway sidings, loading areas and other places over the years to feed power plants critically short of the fuel, a company official with knowledge of the matter said.
The move is part of emergency measures taken by the state firm to prevent a shutdown of nearly one third of thermal power plants that have coal stocks of less than four days - a situation last seen in one of the worst blackouts in 2012. A few power firms have already switched off some units.
Adding to power companies' concerns is a warning by Coal India unions to go on a three-day "work to rule" this month demanding the return of coal blocks allocated by the government mainly to private firms and declared illegal by the Supreme Court last month.
The top court is expected to decide on the 218 blocks in a hearing on Tuesday. Confusion surrounding the blocks awarded over the past two decades has meant only a handful of them are producing, making India rely heavily on imports.
Coal India, which accounts for more than 80 per cent of India's total production, has about 30 million tonnes of accumulated "carpet coal" that is being sent to companies on a priority basis, said the official who declined to be named as he is not authorised to talk to media.
"We have requested our units to push this coal from stock to power stations which are in a critical condition," said the official. "Where critical or super critical power stations are there, we have already advised our subsidiaries to enhance their off-take so that they come out of critical condition."
The company has also advised power firms to use trucks to carry coal from remote mines, like the Amrapali open cast pit in Jharkhand.
India's railway network is often clogged, delaying delivery to power stations.
India suffered unprecedented power cuts on July 30-31, 2012, that affected 620 million people - nearly a tenth of the world's population - in 22 states across the north and east of India.
Heavy rains in eastern India has also hurt coal mining, with output falling to 1 million tonnes per day over the past week from an average of 1.3 million.
The production loss and a lack sufficient transport infrastructure could result in the company falling short by 30 million tonnes of its targeted coal supply to the power sector. It had planned to supply 408 million tonnes for the year through March 31, the official said.
This will result in a further increase in inbound shipments to the country, already the third largest importer of coal.
(Reuters)

Mallya bluster: will fight UBI on wilful defaulter tag‘We disagree with their action, and we shall pursue all legal remedies’
Bangalore, September 4:  
UB Group chairman Vijay Mallya on Thursday said he would challenge United Bank of India’s decision to declare him and three other directors of Kingfisher Airlines ‘wilful defaulters’, claiming that he was not even given a chance to be heard.
Talking to newspersons on the sidelines of the annual general meeting of United Breweries, Mallya said he would pursue legal remedies to challenge the order. “We were not given a hearing; we have not appeared before them; we disagree with their action, and we shall pursue all legal remedies,” he said.
The wilful defaulter tag can turn out to be costly for Mallya as his companies will not be allowed to raise loans and he may even have to step down from the chairmanship of all his group companies.
“We strongly deny the allegations made. We also disagree with the findings of the Grievance Redressal Committee of the bank before which we have had no opportunity to appear,” he said.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Before Tesla s Model S  There Was GM s EV1Albert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

HC order on Gurgaon land spells more trouble for DLFMansi Taneja |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:45 AM IST
HC order on Gurgaon land spells more trouble for DLF
The land was acquired in an auction for Rs 1,750 crore in 2009-10
DLF’s dream of building another luxury premium project near the Golf Course Road, Gurgaon, has been hit by a recent order of the Punjab and Haryana high court, setting aside the Haryana government’s allotment of 350 acres.
The land was acquired in an auction for Rs 1,750 crore in 2009-10. The allotment was challenged by farmers and a village panchayat in 2011. In 2012, the HC asked DLF not to carry out any construction or create third-party rights on the lot.
This plot is behind DLF Phase-V and near Sectors 42, 53 and 54. The recreational and luxury project planned on the lot in question would have included a golf course, a low-rise residential complex and commercial properties such as service apartments, hotels and a sports complex, convention centre and food court.
DLF might have suffered another jolt to its brand because of the latest court verdict, two brokers tracking the National Capital Region market told Business Standard.
It has premium projects around the Golf Course road — The Camellias, The Crest, The Aralias and The Magnolias. Currently, one of the most expensive apartments by DLF here has been priced at Rs 25,000/sq ft and many experts say this future project (at a place called Wazirabad) could have been priced at Rs 35,000-40,000/sq ft, going by the local trend.
In a statement to the BSE exchange, DLF said the High Court, while upholding the acquisition, had made some observations regarding the allotment; a copy of the order was still awaited. “The land was awarded to DLF by two rounds of international competitive bidding,” it said.
DLF had emerged as the sole bidder for the 350-acre project after the bids of other parties — Unitech and a Malaysia-based consortium comprising Country Heights, Country Club of South Africa and Rajarhat IT Park — could not qualify on technical grounds. The qualified bidder, DLF, had bid at Rs 12,000 a sq metre against the reserve price of Rs 11,978 a sq metre. The letter of acceptance was issued by Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation.
Last week, the Supreme Court directed DLF to deposit Rs 630 crore in its registry within three months, rejecting a request to stay an order of the Competition Commission of India which had imposed the penalty for unfair trade practices at its Belaire project in Gurgaon.
HOUSE OF CARDS
The Wazirabad plot is behind DLF Phase V and near to Sectors 42, 53 and 54
The land was acquired in an auction for Rs 1,750 crore in 2009-10
The allotment was challenged by farmers and a village panchayat in 2011. In 2012, the HC asked DLF not to carry out any construction or create third-party rights on the lot
The recreational and luxury project was planned for a Golf course, a low-rise residential complex and commercial properties such as service apartments hotels and a sports complex
 Advertisements

Government puts several states on alert after Al-Qaeda video declares new India wing for jihad in subcontinentMiscellaneous
Government puts several states on alert after Al-Qaeda video declares new India wing for jihad in subcontinent
Praveen Swami | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 05 2014, 04:28  IST
Sep 05 2014, 04:28  IST
 

Cabinet clears 7% hike in dearness allowance for central government employeesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Sun-Ranbaxy deal may hurt competition  says CCISun Pharma's Ranbaxy takeover may hurt competition, says CCI
Zeba Siddiqui     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 10:03 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Country's antitrust regulator Competition Commission of India (CCI) said on Thursday that it had made an initial observation that Sun Pharmaceutical Industries' agreed $3.2 billion acquisition of Ranbaxy Laboratories could hurt competition, asking the companies to provide more details.
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) is still investigating the deal, but has formed a "prima facie opinion that the combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition ", according to a government statement on Thursday and a document posted on the regulator's website.
Sun and Ranbaxy have been asked by the regulator to publish details of the deal within 10 working days on their websites as well as in four national newspapers. The CCI also sought comments or objections from the public on the proposed deal.
Sun Pharma agreed in April to buy Ranbaxy from Japan's Daiichi Sankyo to create the world's fifth-largest maker of generic drugs. Both companies have previously said they expect to complete the deal by December.
(Reuters)

Tech Mahindra climbs after signing deal with Bombardier AerospaceSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 09:47 AM IST
Tech Mahindra climbs after signing deal with Bombardier Aerospace
Tech Mahindra opened at Rs 2,490, touched a high of Rs 2,522 and a low of Rs 2,479 on the BSE
Tech Mahindra has signed by nearly 2% to 2,503 after the company signed an agreement with Bombardier Aerospace. As part of this engagement, Tech Mahindra will provide engineering solutions to Bombardier.
Tech Mahindra plans to invest significantly in infrastructure and talent in the Montréal region. Tech Mahindra aims to grow its Canada team to 1,200 people in the next five years.
The company has recently announced its plans to create jobs in Canada and aims to develop an eco-system to grow local economy. The company is present in the region since 2005 and has been servicing key clients across North America.
Shares of Tech Mahindra opened at Rs 2,490, touched a high of Rs 2,522 and a low of Rs 2,479 on the BSE. A total of 10,888 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.
 Advertisements

Why there is no business group on earth like Tatas | India s Most Powerful CEOsTata success story is based on humanity, philanthropy and ethics
ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 10.28AM IST
By Peter Casey
Companies are traditionally organised on two lines - either to make money for their shareholders or, in idealised socialist theory, to deliver services for sections of the community. My book, The Greatest Company In The World? The Story of Tata, is a story about a truly unique company which was established to do both.
This company has not merely reformulated many of the business principles we have been taught for generations; it has turned them upside down. While many of its companies are publicly traded, the Tata Group has evolved from being a family-owned business to becoming one of the best-run and professionally-managed groups in the world.
Philanthropic Trusts control over 66% of the Tata holding company Tata Sons, while the Tata family is a very small shareholder. The owners are only one of four stakeholders Tata sets out to serve. In addition to the owners (which include shareholders) are employees, customers, and society itself. Society is what the company's leaders call the Fourth Stakeholder.
And it looms large, maybe largest, among all four. Society drove Jamsetji Tata when he built his first company more than a century ago. He did not use so abstract or neutral a term, however, but undertook his enterprise with the active mission of using it simply to make people's lives better.
As founder and Executive Chairman of Claddagh Resources, I initially decided to write this book to help my recruiters and executive search consultants have a better understanding of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) who over 14 years, had become my company's biggest client.
It was supposed to just be a short 15-page summary, but the more I started studying TCS and the Tatas, the more captivated I became. The project developed a life of its own. There are amazing companies and amazing stories, but none match the Tatas.
In 1869, Jamsetji converted a bankrupt oil mill for the production of cotton. It was a humble start, but he had grand visions of what India could become. He embraced the Zoroastrian religion's most central tenet: that the mission of the righteous person is not merely to live a good life, but to make life better for others. Whereas other successful capitalists and captains of industry started companies to create profit and thereby wealth, Jamsetji planted the seeds of philanthropic trusts which now own two thirds of the Tata Group.
(In photo: Jamsetji Tata)
In harmony with his religion, Tata's company would exist to finance and initiate projects to improve the lives of the people of India. So Jamsetji became not only a catalyst for sweeping change in his vast homeland, but, in the process, conceptualised an entirely new way of doing business as well as philanthropy. What he began has changed the lives of billions, as the company he founded continues to work for the betterment of society.
In the words of Jamsetji: "We think we started on sound and straightforward business principles, considering the interests of the shareholders our own, and the health and welfare of the employees, the sure foundation of our success." We are now living in a world where the richest 85 people own more than the 3.5 billion poorest.
Currently, 99% of the wealth is owned by less than 1% of the people and if all the wealth in the world were divided into all the people in the world, everyone would be a millionaire. I am an unapologetic capitalist but I have now realised that there is a different way for capitalism to succeed - the Tata way.
The spectacle of an enterprise as highly moral as it is profitable is rare in a society which has grown accustomed to thinking of business success as a zero-sum game, in which my triumph requires your defeat.
(In photo: Jamsetji Tata with his family)
Success that follows a zero-sum formula is incompatible with a Fourth Stakeholder. But Jamsetji Tata and those who followed him never used that formula. They reformulated the criteria of business success, and made humanity, philanthropy, and ethics not adjuncts to profit, but its very core. Tata companies continually aspire to better ethics, just as they are committed to better business practices.
The two are not only quite compatible; they are essential to one another. The company has not merely reformulated many of the business principles we have been taught for generations - it has turned them upside down.
Instead of specialising, Tata has ventured into an array of unrelated industries and has become a world leader in several - from steel, chemicals and IT to hotels, energy, automobiles and insurance. In fact, it is easier to think of an industry that Tata is not involved in than to list those that they are.
A diversified global enterprise, philanthropic at its core, the company shares profits with employees, shareholders and the societies in which they live and work. The most senior Tata managers don't live in sprawling and multiple mansions, as so many American and European CEOs do, but in modest apartments and homes. The guiding principle for everyone at Tata is sharing the wealth.
My top three heroes - people who actually and positively changed the world we live in - are Leonardo da Vinci, Michelangelo Buonarroti, and Jamsetji Tata. Jamsetji's legacy, like the other two, continues to change people's lives for the better on a daily basis. In business terms, he founded the greatest company in the world.
(The writer is founder chairman of Claddagh Resources, a global recruitment firm. He is also a business columnist with Ireland's largest-selling newspaper The Sunday Independent.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Euro tumbles; Japanese shares near mid-2008 highasian markets
(MSCI's broadest index of…)
SYDNEY: The euro was deep under water on Friday, having suffered its steepest fall in three years after the European Central Bank stunned markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
The aggressive shift sent short-term bond yields into negative territory in Germany, France, the Netherlands and Austria, giving investors an overwhelming incentive to sell euros for higher-yielding assets elsewhere.
That stood in stark contrast to the United States, where upbeat data only reinforced the case for the Federal Reserve to wind down its stimulus, driving the dollar higher and sideswiping oil and gold in the process.
After surging on Thursday, European share markets looked set to start in a cautious mood as the US payrolls report loomed large later in the session. Financial spreadbetters tipped losses of 0.1 per cent to 0.2 per cent for the FTSE 100, DAX and CAC 40.
In Asia, Japan's Topix stalled just short of its January peak. Chart resistance is tough as a break there would take it to levels last seen in July 2008.
Chinese stocks extended their bull run, with the CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings barrelling to their best in over eight months.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased back 0.6 per cent, having already reached its loftiest level since early 2008.
The Dow had eased 0.05 per cent, the S&P 500 lost 0.15 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.22 per cent.
The euro was licking its wounds at $1.2934, after hitting a 14-month low of $1.2920 overnight, and it seemed destined to test the July 2013 trough of $1.2898.
It hit a one-month low on the yen at 135.97, while the dollar briefly spiked to a six-year peak of 105.71 yen before steadying at 105.35.
The single currency's capitulation came after ECB President Mario Draghi announced a range of rate cuts and a new plan to push money into the flagging euro zone economy.
In a news conference, Draghi said the aim was to expand the bank's balance sheet back to the heights reached in early 2012, which equates to a rise of around 50 per cent or 1 trillion euros in new assets.
"The Governing Council will be pumping money into the economy while simultaneously penalising European banks that do not spend it," said Valentin Marinov, an analyst at CitiFX.
TURBO-CHARGED
"To the extent that at least some part of that money will head abroad, the turbo-charged easy money will likely invigorate euro-funded carry trades," said Marinov.
The already hugely popular carry trade is where investors borrow at low rates in euros or yen, for example, to buy higher-yielding assets in other countries. The latter include Australia, Canada, New Zealand and a whole range of emerging markets.
"We believe also that the longer-term impact of the measures would be to help unclog the lending channel of the eurozone and stimulate domestic demand," added Marinov.
Shorter-dated eurozone debt rallied hard after the ECB move, pushing the yield gap between US and German two-year debt out to 60 basis points, the fattest premium since May 2007.
  Across the Atlantic, data provided fresh evidence that the US economy was on track for sturdy growth in the third quarter. Companies hired workers at a steady clip in August and service sector activity accelerated to 6-1/2-year high.
That lifted yields on 10-year Treasuries by 4 basis points to 2.453 per cent, further supporting the dollar.
Investors are now keenly waiting for the latest read on the US labour market due later on Friday. Analysts expect the pace of job creation to have picked up slightly in August, with a rise of 225,000 jobs on nonfarm payrolls.
With the US dollar flying, commodities had to cheapen to stay attractive and gold struck a three-month low at $1,256.90 an ounce before clambering back to $1,264.30.
Brent crude oil was off 4 cents at $101.79 a barrel after shedding more than a dollar overnight, while US crude edged up 4 cents to $94.49.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Don t need to be Street smart to multiply your wealth | Mkt @ 11You are here: Home > Collections > Investors
Long term and regular investment key to making good money in the stock market
Nikhil Walavalkar, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 12.30PM IST
Tags:
Charles Merrill
(They are the big institutional…)
MUMBAI: We have all heard the story about the hypothetical match-up between Wall Street whiz kids with fancy degrees and a plethora of analytical tools and the monkey which picks winners.
Economist Burton Malkiel says in his book 'A Random Walk Down Wall Street' that a blindfolded monkey throwing darts at a newspaper's financial pages could select a portfolio that would do just as well as one carefully selected by experts.
The Wall Street Journal tried out an experiment based on this theory and found that the analysts won against the random dart throwers but the margin was not very big. Ever since Charles Merrill (Good Time Charlie) began holding seminars and workshops in post Second World War America to entice American households to invest in the market, experts have been obsessed about the right investing approach.
Do you need full-fledged research and deep analytical understanding to pick out winners? Should you do passive investing if that can help you spot winners and make decent money? Finally, are passive investors better off than the nerdy, analytically-inclined who work with tons of data? There are no easy answers to such questions and they will keep getting discussed as long as stock markets are open and investing gives people an opportunity to beef up their bank balances.
But we at ET tried to approach this from a different angle. It is an article of faith among investors that it is better to buy at the bottom than at the top. Those who do the latter are often derisively referred to as retailwallahs with no sense or understanding of the market, while the brainy ones are supposed to be experts at timing the market.
They are the big institutional investors who swoop in just when stock prices are low and leave just at the time when prices have peaked. Buy low and sell high. Sounds just about right.
Except that it is not as clear cut as that. Our exercise was basically aimed at figuring out how two different approaches to investing worked. Do you do fabulously well if consistently bought stocks at cheap prices? Conversely, are you a dumb investor if you consistently purchased when prices were high? We studied the BSE Sensex at various points in the past 24 years and identified the high and low points for each year.
We then analysed what would happen if two hypothetical individuals invested Rs 1,000 each every year for the past 24 years. One consistently bought at the Sensex's highest point, while the other purchased at the index's lowest point.
According to conventional theory, the smart investor is supposed to have performed better. Though most investors believe that investing in stock markets require an uncanny sense of timing and stock-picking skills, in effect, it's the time spent in the market that's most important. Investors often dream of buying at the lowest price and selling at the highest, something that rarely happens.
 
On the contrary, a disciplined investor who invests regularly in the market, ends up with good money. "You do not have to time the market, investing regularly in equities can give good returns in the long term," says Raamdeo Agrawal, joint managing director, Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
The results of our study bear this out. Even a layman can make money in equity markets if he invests regularly. The smart investor does a lot of research, has an army of professionals to help him, employs the best analytical tools, and more importantly, has loads of luck on the Street.
While the dumb one, however, always buys at the highest point, with the worst possible luck. But look at the results and the difference between the two approaches is not very big. The dumb investor with very little luck would have made a return of 11.54% while the smart investor would have returned 14.82%.
The numbers do not include dividends declared by the constituent companies. Devendra Nevgi, CEO, Zyfin Advisors, says, "A point to note is that the smart investor has done his best and there's little scope to improve his performance. However, the dumb investor has ample scope to improve, as he need not necessarily buy at the highest point each year."
Even if the dumb investor manages to buy a bit lower than the peak each year, his performance numbers will improve. And for this, he needn't employ a battery of resources. An optimistic view on equities can help investors take a staggered exposure to shares over a long period of time. If investors know how to pick stocks, they can improve their performance by beating the benchmark.
"If you cannot pick stocks on your own, give your money to a professional money manager by enrolling in a systematic investment plan in a diversified equity fund or invest in an index fund," Agrawal says.
In the long run, good quality companies can beat the benchmark by a decent margin and, in the process, end up rewarding shareholders. Professional money managers can pick and choose stocks for their portfolios that can outperform the broad markets.
According to Value Research, a mutual fund tracking firm, large-cap funds as a category has given 13.04% returns as against 12% delivered by the BSE Sensex over five years ended September 3.
Investors should look at investing regularly in schemes with long-term track record to generate healthy returns and not just look at timing the market. Even with all the best analysis and the time spent on number crunching, the results may not be spectacular.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modi pays tributes to Radhakrishnan on TeachersDayPrint
Dr Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan with others. (Express Archives)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 11:34 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 11:36 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday paid tributes to Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan on the occasion of Teachers’ Day, saying the late President still remains an inspiration for the entire country.
“The Prime Minister paid tributes to Dr Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan on the occasion. Teacher, scholar and statesman, he remains an inspiration for the entire nation,” a statement issued by the Prime Minister’s Office said.
Modi also extended his greetings to teachers on the occasion.
“Teachers’ Day greetings! We salute all teachers, who tirelessly light the lamp of knowledge,” the statement said.
Teachers’ Day is celebrated every year on September 5 to mark the birthday of Radhakrishnan.
Teachers' Day greetings! We salute all teachers, who tirelessly light the lamp of knowledge.

Subrata Roy seeks 10 more days to finalise sale of 3 luxury hotelsabroadPrint
Sahara Group's hotel deal with the Sultan of Brunei is on the verge of the collapse. (Reuters)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 11:20 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 11:25 am
Subrata Roy moved Supreme Court on Friday, asking for 10 more days for negotiating to sell three Sahara hotels abroad.
Roy’s counsel pleaded that the Sahara chief be allowed to stay in the Tihar jail’s conference room for another 10 days instead of being sent back to the cell for completing the deals. The permission for Roy to stay in the conference room is expiring on Tuesday next week.
He said that a deal with the Sultan of Brunei was on the verge of the collapse in view if certain negative media reports but the group was trying to salvage it. The counsel said they were also in talks with some other prospective buyers.
Roy had been allowed to stay in the conference room to enable him arrange Rs 10,000 crore as security to come out on bail. He has been in jail since March 4.
 

Temasek to invest Rs 400 cr in Pizza Hut ope...Temasek to invest Rs 400 crore in KFC, Pizza Hut & Costa Coffee operator Devyani International
By TNN | 5 Sep, 2014, 11.33AM IST
0
Share More
equity investor in Devyani after ICICI Venture, which had invested Rs 250 crore for a 10% stake in 2011.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Singapore state investor Temasek Holdings is likely to make an investment of about Rs 400 crore in KFC, Pizza Hut and Costa Coffee store operator Devyani International, upping its play in the country's fast-growing consumer sector.
The four-decade-old fund, with assets worth $173 billion globally, will purchase a significant minority stake in the New Delhi-based company, owned by soft drink bottling king Ravi Jaipuria. If the transaction materializes, Temasek will be the second private equity investor in Devyani after ICICI Venture, which had invested Rs 250 crore for a 10% stake in 2011.
The Temasek deal will be a combination of primary and secondary investment components, and the primary investment is intended to support Devyani's expansion plans, said a person familiar with the situation. The fresh development will also push back Jaipuria's plans for an initial public offering for the quick service restaurant unit.
A Temasek spokesperson said the company does not comment on market speculation. Despite repeated attempts, Jaipuria couldn't be reached for comments.
Besides the international food and beverage brands, Devyani also has its own brand, Vaango, a South Indian-themed restaurant. The food services provider currently has over 300 outlets cutting across its various brands and the additional funds are to ramp up its network in the highly competitive $48-billion market. Devyani, named after Jaipuria's daughter, is one of the fast-growing units within the billionaire's business empire.
With the proposed Devyani investment, Temasek will increase its exposure in consumption-driven sectors as these are seen as good proxies to economic growth and a way to profit from rising consumer spending in Asia's third largest economy. Temasek has been buying consumer-related assets in financial services, healthcare, agricultural services and e-commerce. It owns about 5% stake in Godrej Consumer Products, maker of Cinthol soaps and Good Knight mosquito repellents, and has investments in e-commerce site Snapdeal and online baby care retailer Firstcry.com.
In recent years, global investors have been investing big time in India's food and beverage sector institutionalizing several niche margin businesses.
KKR, New Silk Route and Standard Chartered Private Equity had invested a combined $200 million in Cafe Coffee Day, while Everstone had invested $30 million in Pan India Food Solutions, which runs Noodle Bar, Bombay Blue and Copper Chimney chains, and Arisaig Partners put in $30 million in McDonald's India (west and south) franchise Westlife Development. Sequoia Capital picked up a stake in kebab and wraps chain Faaso's while CX Partners cut out a deal in casual dine restaurant Barbeque Nation.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Maruti Suzuki postpones car manufacturing project in Gujarat by a yearMaruti Suzuki postpones car manufacturing project in Gujarat by a year
ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 04.29AM IST
Tags:
Gujarat
(Addressing the AGM, Chairman…)
NEW DELHI: Maruti Suzuki has postponed its car manufacturing project in Gujarat by a year, citing sluggish market conditions. Its facilities in the western state are now expected to be commissioned in 2017.
Addressing the auto maker's 33rd annual general meeting in New Delhi on Thursday, chairman RC Bhargava said the project will be financed by the parent, Suzuki Motor Corp (SMC), but will function as a unit of Maruti.
"All the investments would be made by SMC. This arrangement will strengthen Maruti Suzuki as the profit does not come from manufacturing cars. It comes from selling cars and the right models, with the competition intensifying in the market," Bhargava said.
The proposal for Suzuki to produce cars at the plant and sell to the unit had met with resistance from several institutional investors in Maruti. Their worry was that the Japanese parent could sell cars to Maruti at higher prices than it would have cost the local company to produce them, in turn hurting its margins. But Bhargava said it would be a "win-win situation" for Maruti and urged shareholders to support the plan during a voting on the proposal, expected next month.
"Maruti Suzuki will use its cash for investing in marketing and sales, expanding network and making right models," he said. The Indian company, which is the biggest subsidiary of Suzuki both in terms of profits and turnover, is sitting on cash reserves of around Rs 8,000 crore.
In the current fiscal year, the company said it expects sales volume to grow by the double digits. Sales have expanded 16% in the first five months through August, when Maruti achieved its best market share of 44% in three years.
Maruti's top brass informed the shareholders that the company would intensify research and development to churn out new models to remain competitive and retain market share and volume. It will invest Rs 2,000 crore on an R&D facility, with an integrated test track, at Rohtak in Haryana. It will also enter the sport-utility segment early next year.
With this new facility allowing joint development of cars with Suzuki, the rate of royalty that Maruti is paying its parent is expected to come down from the existing 6% of sales. Also, to get insulated from currency fluctuations, Maruti will now pay royalty in Indian rupees, instead of in the Japanese yen.
Suzuki has been working on an SUV to tap a market that forms 29% of global sales. This global SUV is expected early next financial year and would be followed by a compact SUV next year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Euro under water as ECB opens liquidity tapEuro under water as ECB opens liquidity tap
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney, Sept 5:  
The euro was deep under water on Friday having suffered its steepest daily fall in three years after the European Central Bank stunned markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
The aggressive shift sent short-term bond yields into negative territory in Germany, France, the Netherlands and Austria, giving investors an overwhelming incentive to sell euro for higher yielding assets elsewhere.
Upbeat US data
That stood in stark contrast to the United States where upbeat data only reinforced the case for the Federal Reserve to wind down its stimulus, driving the dollar higher and sideswiping oil and gold in the process.
Stock prices in Europe climbed to new records in response, though Wall Street succumbed to a bout of jitters ahead of the US payrolls report due later on Friday.
The Dow fell 0.05 per cent, the S&P 500 0.15 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.22 per cent.
In Asia, Tokyo's Topix added 0.44 per cent to be within a whisker of its January peak. A break there would take it to levels last seen in July 2008.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was off 0.2 per cent having already reached its highest since early 2008.
The euro was licking its wounds at $1.2937, after hitting a 14-month low of $1.2920 overnight and seemed destined to test the July 2013 trough of $1.2898.
It hit a one-month low on the yen at 135.97 and a 15-month trough on the Australian dollar at A$1.3798.
Rate cuts, asset purchases
The collapse came after ECB President Mario Draghi announced a range of rate cuts and a new plan to push money into the flagging euro zone economy.
In a news conference, Draghi said the aim was to expand the bank’s balance sheet back to the heights reached in early 2012, which equates to a rise of around 50 per cent or €1 trillion in new assets.
“The Governing Council will be pumping money into the economy while simultaneously penalising European banks that do not spend it," Valentin Marinov, an analyst at CitiFX.
Turbo-charged
“To the extent that at least some part of that money will head abroad, the turbo-charged easy money will likely invigorate euro-funded carry trades,’’ Marinov said.
The already hugely popular carry trade is where investors borrow at low rates in say euros or yen, to buy higher yielding assets in other countries. The latter include Australia, Canada, New Zealand and a whole range of emerging market nations.
“We believe also that the longer-term impact of the measures would be to help unclog the lending channel of the Eurozone and stimulate domestic demand,’’ added Marinov.
Spanish, French and Portuguese stocks all gained over a full percentage point , while Germany's DAX rose 1 per cent. The FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares reached ground last visited in early 2008.
Shorter-dated euro zone debt rallied hard, pushing the yield gap between U.S. and German two-year debt out to 60 basis points, the fattest premium since May 2007.
Across the Atlantic, data provided fresh evidence that the US economy is on track for sturdy growth in the third quarter. Companies hired workers at a steady clip in August and services sector activity accelerated to 6-1/2-year high.
That lifted yields on 10-year Treasuries 4 basis points to 2.453 percent, further supporting the dollar.
Investors are now keenly waiting for the latest read on the US labour market due later Friday. Analysts expect the pace of job creation to have picked up slightly in August, with a rise of 225,000 nonfarm payrolls.
With the US dollar flying, commodities had to cheapen to stay attractive and gold struck a three-month low at $1,256.90 an ounce.
Brent crude oil was pinned at $101.84 a barrel, after shedding more than a dollar overnight, while US crude was stuck at $94.54.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Google to refund $19 mn towards childrens app purchasesGoogle to refund $19 mn towards children’s app purchases
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 5:  
Google has agreed to issue at least $19 million in refunds to consumers whose children made app purchases from its Google Play store without parental consent, officials said today.
The Federal Trade Commission announced that Google agreed to the settlement to resolve a probe into unfair practises by billing consumers for charges by children made within kids’ apps since 2011.
FTC chairwoman Edith Ramirez said in a statement that in the age of mobile technology, “it’s vital to remind companies that time-tested consumer protections still apply, including that consumers should not be charged for purchases they did not authorise.”
The in-app charges are a component of many apps available from Google Play and can range from 99 cents to $200, according to the consumer regulatory agency.
In some apps used by children, users are invited to accumulate virtual items but sometimes are billed without the knowledge of their parents.
Google has also agreed to update its practices to ensure that it receives parental consent for the purchases.
The agreement follows a similar deal earlier this year with Apple, which agreed to pay $32.5 million.
The FTC in July sued Amazon as part of its investigation into in-app purchases by children, but no settlement has been announced.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Sensex erases initial gains; power  healthcare stocks tripSensex ends 59 points down on weak global cues, selling in blue-chips
PTI/Reuters
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
The benchmark Sensex today fell 59.23 points to end at 27,026.70, its second straight session of decline after logging new highs earlier this week, due to losses in blue-chips, including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Motors, amid a weak global trend.
Domestic stock markets opened on a better note with the 30-share BSE index Sensex touching the day’s high of 27,178.80 points in early trade. It later slipped below the 27,000-mark and touched the day’s low of 26,920.56 before ending at 27,026.70, registering a drop of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent.
Among Sensex 30 components, 17 stocks ended in the negative zone, while 13 closed higher.
On Thursday, the Sensex had lost 54.01 points. It had hit a life high of 27,225.85 and closed at a record peak of 27,139.94 on Wednesday.
Brokers said emergence of selling in stocks that had recently witnessed gains and a weak trend in global markets, led to the fall in major indices today.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also shed 9.1 points or 0.11 per cent to end at 8,086.85. During the session, the Nifty shuttled between 8,122.70 and 8,049.85.
Yesterday, it had fallen by 18.65 points.
Sectoral indices
Among the sectoral indices, the BSE Auto index dropped 0.65 per cent, followed by FMCG 0.32 per cent and Banking 0.3 per cent.
On the other hand, the BSE Realty index surged 1.15 per cent, followed by Capital Goods 0.86 per cent, Metal 0.69 per cent and IT 0.51 per cent, among others.
The BSE Small-cap index advanced 1.25 per cent and Mid-cap index added 0.56 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Asian, European markets
Asian shares and the euro slipped on Friday after the European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Investors await the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe’s main stock markets also dipped in late morning trade today after data showed the 18-nation euro zone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.
The euro was deep in the red on Friday, having suffered its steepest fall in three years after the European Central Bank stunned markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
The aggressive shift sent short-term bond yields into negative territory in Germany, France, the Netherlands and Austria, giving investors an overwhelming incentive to sell euros for higher-yielding assets elsewhere.
That stood in stark contrast to the United States, where upbeat data only reinforced the case for the Federal Reserve to wind down its stimulus, driving the dollar higher and sideswiping oil and gold in the process.
After surging to a 6-1/2 month high on Thursday, European share markets saw some minor profit taking as the US payrolls report loomed large later in the session. London's FTSE 100, the DAX in Frankfurt and CAC 40 in Paris were all around 0.1-0.2 per cent lower but this week's gains - the fourth in a row - took the pan-regional FTSEurofirst 300 index's rise since mid August to over 8 per cent.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

IPL hurting England: Wasim Akram swings it to Ian BothamApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Snapdeal forms JV with Den Networks; collaboration to leverage strengths of bothYou are here: Home > Collections
Snapdeal forms joint venture with Den Networks; collaboration to leverage their respective strengths
Arun Kumar, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 05.52AM IST
Tags:
Den Networks
(The venture will leverage…)
NEW DELHI: Ecommerce company Snapdeal has formed a 50:50 joint venture with Den Networks, India's largest cable TV distribution company that serves 13 million homes in more than 200 cities, to extend its reach to television home shopping audiences.
The venture will leverage the robust distribution network of Den Networks and Snapdeal's wide product range and more than 30,000 vendors, said a person familiar with the development. Den Networks did not respond to queries. Snapdeal could not be immediately reached.
Leading global investors have shown keen interest in this market space in India. The two leading home shopping companies — STAR CJ and Home-Shop18 — operating in India have witnessed sharp growth in their top line.
NW18 HSN Holding, the digital retail arm of Network18, is planning to raise about $75 million through an initial public offer in the US for an equity valuation of about $1 billion. It has filed a prospectus with the US regulator toward this end.
Earlier this year, Providence Group, one of the leading private equity firms that manages about $40 billion, picked up a 50% stake in STAR CJ Networks India Pvt Ltd from STAR group.
CJ O Shopping, the largest home shopping company in South Korea with annual sales of about $4.4 billion in 2013, is its partner in Star CJ.
"This deal would benefit both Snapdeal and Den Networks where Snapdeal gets direct access to millions of households at one go while Den gains from the deep domain expertise of the former to build up a strong revenue stream," said KS Reddy of Advaya Equity Advisors.
The deal creates an entity that could evolve into something similar to USbased QVC, the world largest home shopping company with annual sales of $8.6 billion, which is owned by leading cable television company Liberty Group.
"With this deal, Den Networks seems to be going the QVC way which is the largest home-shopping network in the USA," said a media analyst. The cable company has bought the franchise for the Delhi team in the Indian Soccer League.
"It is building a strong consumer B2C brand by entering the home-shopping network backed by its presence in the cable TV, broadband and football business through owning the franchise in the ISL ," said the analyst.
Snapdeal raised $100 million in May this year in a fifth round of funding. Leading PE firms such as Blackrock, Temsek Holding, Premji Invest had valued the company at $1 billion.
After raising $12 million in its first round of funding in January 2011, the company has so far raised $340 million from PE firms. Started in February 2010 by Kunal Bahl along with Rohit Bansal, the company witnessed phenomenal growth in 2013-14, growing 600%, making it one of the fastest growing e-commerce companies in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Proposal for partial deallocation of coal blocks flawedYou are here: Home > Collections > Coal
Centre's proposal for partial deallocation of coal blocks flawed
M Rajshekhar, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 01.40AM IST
Tags:
Adani Enterprises
(The Centre and a clutch of…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre and a clutch of industry associations have pleaded with the Supreme Court not to deallocate 46 coal blocks that are already under production or are about to start production, but a closer look at their proposal to levy a penalty of Rs 295 per tonne on coal mined reveals several flaws.
When the apex court resumed hearings after declaring allocation of all 218 coal blocks since 1993 illegal, the government also recommended that power producers with captive coal blocks be allowed to henceforth sell power only through longterm power purchase agreements (PPA) and not in the merchant market.
However, the question arises as to whether the proposed penalty and the long-term PPA can redress the skewing of competitive advantage towards those with captive blocks, one of the biggest fallouts of the captive coal block approach followed by successive governments.
"The matter is sub judice," said a spokesperson of Jindal Steel & Power, declining comment on the matter.
According to observers, though, there are three problems with the captive coal block approach. "Every block is different (in terms of the grade of coal and the relative ease of mining). And so, a common benchmark may not work," said Dipesh Dipu, an associate professor at the Centre for Energy and Infrastructure Development at the Administrative Staff College of India.
Then there are other questions about the proposed penalty. Sudiep Shrivastava, one of the key lawyers who argued against the captive coal block allocations, said, "While Rs 295 might be a suitable penalty for the coal mined till now, for coal mined in the future, the penalty should not be Rs 295 per tonne. It should be linked to royalty - or to the existing price charged by (state-run miner) Coal India."
Not only is a common proposed penalty an imperfect solution, the government has not suggested an equivalent requirement like long term PPAs for iron and steel players with coal blocks.
Shrivastava said, several of these 40 companies have been given far more coal than they need. For instance, Jayaswal Neco, which had an annual requirement of 2 million tonnes (MT) of coal, has been given a coal block (Gare Palma IV/4) with coal reserves of 125 MT. In contrast, Prakash Industries , now the subject of a CBI investigation like Jayaswal Neco, needed 1 MT a year but was given a block with 34 MT. Or take Electrosteel Castings. It needed 0.58 million tonnes a year but was given a block (Parbatpur) with geological reserves of 231 MT.
Turn to the state utilities given coal blocks and the suggestion against deallocation can create an even more complicated mess. These companies, Dipu said, given their poor record of developing captive mines, "depended on contract miners or mine developers and operators (MDOs)".
These have been contentious models, Dipu said, adding, "The contractor is left wholly in charge of these blocks with very little supervision. And we know how much scope there is in coal for theft."
Indeed, each of these state utilities in the list of 40 has outsourced mining to either Kolkata-headquartered EMTA or Adani Enterprises . For instance, while Damodar Valley Corporation has entered into an agreement with EMTA, Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam has signed up with Adani Enterprises. These are 74:26 agreements where the state utility forms a joint venture or JV with the private company such that the JV company is in charge of mining. The private party holds a 74% stake in the JV company. These JV companies sell coal to the utility at a price that is linked not to the JV's cost of mining but to the prevailing Coal India price. Now, in its judgement, the SC has declared another JV model, the 51:49 one where the state utility held 51% in the JV but management control vested with the private party, as illegal. This has raised another question about the 74:26 model. "If the 51:49 JV is illegal, then how can the 74:26 JV be legal?" asked Shrivastava.
That is not the only issue. Even if the court does not deallocate these 16 blocks, Shrivastava asked, "Who will mine? The PSU (public sector unit) has no capacity. So, even if you save these leases, what is the way forward?" Besides, he added, "Given that the lease is in the name of the PSU, are they in a position to pay Rs 295 per tonne of coal mined till now? If not, who will pay this Rs 295?"
In that sense, India has a chance to fix its inefficient and corruption-riddled coal sector. Indeed, even within the 40 blocks that started mining, Dipu said, several have not reached peak production - even though all of them were allotted in the 1990s and the early 2000s. "They did not have the expertise. They somehow developed their blocks after poaching people from Coal India. But somehow developing a block is not the same as scientific mining," he said. Even auctions cannot fix this problem if end-users are allowed to participate. "What if a company finds that its erstwhile captive block has been acquired by a third party which refuses to supply to it?" asked Shrivastava.
According to Dipu, there should be full deallocation. Even if the country's import bill on coal goes up for a couple of years, he said, India should take this time to create a more modern coal industry.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Free undertrials who ve completed half of maximum term: SC'Release undertrials who have spent half their term'
Agencies  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 12:13 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:49 IST(5/9/2014)
The Supreme Court on Friday ordered overcrowded jails to free all undertrials who have served half their maximum term, a landmark ruling that marks the Narendra Modi government’s first step towards judicial reform.
 
More than two-thirds of India’s nearly four million prisoners are awaiting trial, according to human rights organisation Amnesty International, and many have already spent years in prison.
 
The law says prisoners awaiting trial must be released once they have served half the maximum sentence they would receive if found guilty, but that law is rarely implemented.
 
An apex court bench headed by Chief Justice of India RM Lodha said that prisons must comply with the law and ordered local judges and magistrates to oversee the process. Prisoners serving life terms or slapped with death penalty will, however, not come under the ambit of this new programme, that will be first implemented in Delhi’s Tihar Jail.
 
“Judicial officers shall identify prisoners who have completed half of the maximum period of imprisonment provided for offences they are charged with,” Lodha said. “After completing the procedure they should pass appropriate orders in the jail itself for the release of undertrial prisoners.”
 
The court said the two months’ drive, which will start on October 1, will see a sessions judge and judicial officers subordinate to him visiting jails under their jurisdiction to examine such cases and ordering the undertrials’ release.
 

Sensex  Nifty Edge Lower; Banks Lead DeclineYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Edges Higher, Nifty Above 8,100
NDTV | Updated On: September 05, 2014 10:02 (IST)
Wockhardt Shares Gain on Unit Merger Plan
BSE Sensex and Nifty moved higher today on gains in IT bluechips like Infosys and TCS. A flurry of data released yesterday indicated the US economy was steadily improving.
Despite European Central Bank yesterday stunning markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge, global markets are muted today on jitters ahead of the U.S. payrolls report due later today.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased back 0.6 per cent having already reached its loftiest level since early 2008.
UR Bhat, MD of Dalton Capital, said that quantitative easing in the US accounts for a significant portion of the inflows into India and strong US data economic suggests that it could be wound up soon. But the proposed quantitative easing in Europe could help fund flows continue into India.
The key thing however for global markets is to watch the US hikes interest rates, he added.
The gains in the broader markets were stronger than frontline stocks. BSE midcap and smallcap indices were up nearly 1 per cent.
Among IT stocks, Tech Mahindra, TCS and Infosys were up between 1 per cent and 1.5 per cent. Other major Nifty gainers included NMDC, up 2.3 per cent, and IDFC, which rose 1.5 per cent.
Among some Nifty losers, United Spirits fell 2.3 per cent while HDFC slipped 1.5 per cent.
At 10:02 a.m., Sensex was up 54 points to 27,140 while Nifty rose 17 points to 8,112. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 10:02 (IST)

Bombay Dyeing Manufacturing Company: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 05, 2014, 12.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bombay Dyeing & Manufacturing Company: Updates on outcome of AGM
Bombay Dyeing & Manufacturing Company has submitted a copy of minutes of the 134th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 08, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bombay Dyeing & Manufacturing Company: Updates on outcome of AGM
Bombay Dyeing & Manufacturing Company has submitted a copy of minutes of the 134th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 08, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Bombay Dyeing & Manufacturing Company Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of minutes of the 134th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 08, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Lloyd Electric Surges to Nearly 6-Year HighLloyd Electric Surges to Nearly 6-Year High
Wipro gains after wining PMI contract for IT servicesWipro gains after wining PMI contract for IT services
Sugar futures rise 0.23% on spot demandSugar futures rise 0.23% on spot demand
Currency Corner: ECB has gone all out to fight Europe s economic woesCurrency Corner: ECB has gone all out to fight Europe s economic woes
Triveni Enterprises: Resignation of company secretaryTriveni Enterprises: Resignation of company secretary
Jyoti bags major order from SSNNL in JVJyoti bags major order from SSNNL in JV
Morgan Stanley loses lawsuit to overturn $8 mn arbitration rulingMorgan Stanley loses lawsuit to overturn $8 mn arbitration ruling
MP Polypropylene: Outcome of EGMSep 05, 2014, 12.21 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
MP Polypropylene: Outcome of EGM
MP Polypropylene has informed that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MP Polypropylene: Outcome of EGM
MP Polypropylene has informed that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
MP Polypropylene Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

LG s speculated call is against the spirit of constitution : AAPPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 10:59 AM IST
Inviting BJP to form Delhi govt, against the spirit of constitution: AAP
Earlier on Thursday, the Lieutenant Governor denied taking any decision on government formation in Delhi
With the LG planning to call the single largest party to form the government in Delhi, the AAP today launched a scathing attack on Najeeb Jung accusing him of promoting 'horse-trading'.
 
"Media reports clearly signal that Lt Governor of Delhi is promoting horse trading. President should not allow him and BJP to play with democracy. It will be a rape of Constitution if a party which has refused to form government once, is invited to form the Govt," senior AAP leader and party's Delhi convenor Ashutosh tweeted.
 
"I hope Lt Governor remembers that letter of refusal written by (then BJP Chief Ministerial candidate) Harsh Vardhan. If he does not have, then AAP can pass it to him. How can Lt Governor invite a party to form the govt which has in writing refused to from govt. BJP did this in December," he said.
 
Ashutosh said former President K R Narayanan had set a precedent that the party which had proof of majority will only be invited to from the government.
 
"AAP will request President Pranab Mukherjee to not let Delhi Assembly be made a floor for horse trading. President K R Narayanan has set the precedent long back. As per him, party which claims majority should have proof of majority support.
 
"Constitutionally minority government can't be formed. No party can be allowed to form government without submitting proof of majority support in Assembly," he tweeted.
 
Expressing his discontent, senior party leader and AAP MLA Manish Sisodia also said that the act was against the spirit of Constitution.
 
BJP is likely to be invited to form a government in Delhi with Jung sending a report to the President seeking permission to call the single largest party to take a shot at power though it is well short of majority in the Assembly.
 Advertisements

Towards a skilled workforceUpdated: September 4, 2014 04:05 IST
Towards a skilled workforce
social security
With his twin focus on jobs and growth , Prime Minister Narendra Modi seems intent on placing renewed emphasis on skill development in the services and manufacturing sectors . In his Independence Day speech, the Prime Minister spoke of his ‘skilled India’ mission to promote holistic development. There is no doubt that India needs to equip its youth with greater work skills. At present, the country churns out a mostly semi-literate workforce without the requisite marketable skills in a globalised world. According to a report by the Adviser to the Prime Minister on the National Council on Skill Development, among those in the 15 to 29 years age group, only 2 per cent have received formal vocational training, and 8 per cent non-formal vocational training. Against 128 lakh new entrants to the workforce , there were only 31 lakh seats for vocational skill training. As Mr. Modi stressed in his speech, with 65 per cent of the population under 35 years of age, India will have to think of reaping the demographic dividend. However, India ought to set its sights higher than what Mr. Modi envisaged when he lamented the shortage of drivers, plumbers and cooks. The real challenge is not to find low-paying jobs for the unemployed, but to equip those entering the workforce with the necessary skills in a competitive environment.
By promising to enhance the skill development of India’s youth at a rapid pace, Mr. Modi spoke of forming a pool of young people who are able to create jobs . More importantly, he also talked of a workforce that will be in a position to “face their counterparts in any corner of the world” by virtue of hard work and dexterity of hands. Capacity-building was spoken of in the global context as the ability of India’s youth to “win the hearts of people around the world” through their skills. The importance of promoting the manufacturing sector was highlighted both in the context of creating employment opportunities and developing a balance between imports and exports. The exhortation to multinationals to sell in any country but manufacture in India, also came in the context of putting to use the education and capability of India’s youth. For employment-led growth, for the “Come, make in India” slogan that Mr. Modi delivered on Independence Day to have any meaning, the government must invest heavily in education and training, in research and development. Otherwise, cheap labour will remain the only attraction for foreign investment in India. Skill and talent are the results of education and training, and India must lay greater stress on its educational infrastructure before it can attain higher levels of growth. The skill set of India’s youth have to necessarily match that of the world’s best.

DLF shares stumble after HC cancels Gurgaon land dealDLF shares stumble after HC cancels Gurgaon land deal
Reuters     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 4, 2014  | 13:32 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
DLF shares dropped as much as 8.7 per cent a day after the Punjab and Haryana High Court set aside Haryana government's decision to allot land to the realty major in Gurgaon.
The Haryana government had allotted the land to DLF in 2010.
A division bench of the court on Wednesday directed the Haryana government to conduct an auction of the 350-acre land at Wazirabad in Gurgaon by inviting international bids within a month. DLF would be able to participate in the auction process.
"The company is awaiting a copy of the order and can offer detailed comments only pursuant to that," the company said in a statement. DLF said the land was for a project that was yet to be developed.
Reacting to the development, shares of DLF were trading 7.76 per cent down at Rs 168.85 in afternoon trade on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
The court ruling raises concerns about increased regulatory scrutiny on the company.
But, JP Morgan says the impact from actual land cancellation is "cash positive". It estimates overall cost for purchased land was Rs 25 billion ($413.56 million) of which DLF has already paid Rs 10 billion.
The brokerage said DLF would thus get a Rs 10-billion refund in case of eventual cancellation.

CBDT rationalises norms of scrutiny of tax returnsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The Income Tax Department has rationalised the norms for manual selection for scrutiny of tax returns to bring it in line with global best practices.
As per the norms released by the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), all cases where income exceeds Rs 10 lakh over the previous year will continue to be selected, as well as cases relating to survey, search and seizure and reassessment.
However, the previous requirement of selection of all cases where value of international transactions exceeds Rs 15 crore has been dropped.
The Income Tax Department has rationalised the norms for manual selection for scrutiny of tax returns to bring it in line with global best practices.
"This should reduce compliance requirements," said Sunil Shah, Partner, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP.
Amit Maheshwari, Partner, Ashok Maheshwary & Associates said omission of a threshold for scrutinising transfer pricing assessments 'may indicate a move towards risk based selection of cases for compulsory scrutiny'.
Risk based assessment approach is considered a international best practice, he added.
Shah further said the guidelines for 2014-15 fiscal "are broadly in line with the earlier year, but have been rationalised with some additions and deletions".
Charitable trusts which have lost approval will be selected if they have still claimed exemption for their income, the guidelines said.
Also, the provision for selection of cases where information of tax evasion has been given by government authorities has now been tightened up and will cover only cases where such information of tax evasion is specific and verifiable, Shah added.
"Mere suspicion will not trigger scrutiny assessment," he said.
The CBDT norms said cases involving addition in an earlier assessment year on the issue of transfer pricing in excess of Rs 10 crore "on a substantial and recurring question of law or fact which is confirmed in appeal or is pending before an appellate authority" will be selected for scrutiny.

Nickel jumps on Philippines ban reportsSeptember 4, 2014 4:17 pm
Nickel jumps on Philippines ban reports
By Xan Rice
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7e3527b8-3425-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Draghi brings out ABS rocket boostersSeptember 4, 2014 5:46 pm
Draghi brings out ABS rocket boosters
By Ralph Atkins
ECB president opts for purchase plan to boost real economy instead of QE
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ac6c75fc-3446-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Getty sues Microsoft over digital imagesSeptember 4, 2014 6:08 pm
Getty sues Microsoft over digital images
By Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5fbc84e0-3450-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Isis reveals little about itselfSeptember 4, 2014 7:05 pm
Isis sends a gruesome message but reveals little about itself
By Ahmed Rashid
The group sends a gruesome message without showing its hand
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a3d60b0-338c-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Goldman Sachs plans $500-m sukuk issue as Islamic finance goes mainstreamApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Barclays to launch finger vein scannersSeptember 5, 2014 12:02 am
Barclays to launch finger vein scanners
By Daniel Schäfer in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cf707970-3448-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Al-Qaeda announces India wing  renews loyalty to Taliban chiefact of terror
Al Qaeda leader Ayman al Zawahiri on Wednesday announced the formation of an Indian branch of his militant group he said would spread Islamic rule and "raise the flag of jihad" across the subcontinent.
In a 55-minute video posted online, Zawahiri also renewed a longstanding vow of loyalty to Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Omar, in an apparent snub to the Islamic State armed group challenging al Qaeda for leadership of transnational Islamist militancy.
Zawahiri described the formation of "Al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent" as a glad tidings for Muslims "in Burma, Bangladesh, Assam, Gujurat, Ahmedabad, and Kashmir" and said the new wing would rescue Muslims there from injustice and oppression.
Counter-terrorism experts say al Qaeda's ageing leaders are struggling to compete for recruits with Islamic State, which has galvanised young followers around the world by carving out tracts of territory across the Iraq-Syria border.
Islamic State leader Abu Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi calls himself a "caliph" or head of state and has demanded the loyalty of all Muslims.
The group fell out with Zawahiri in 2013 over its expansion into Syria, where Baghdadi's followers have carried out beheadings, crucifixions, and mass executions.
As well being an indirect repudiation of Islamic State, the announcement could pose a challenge to India's new Prime Minister, Narendra Modi. He has already faced criticism for remaining silent about several incidents deemed anti-Muslim, underscoring fears that his Hindu nationalist followers will upset religious relations in the majority Hindu nation.
However, while al Qaeda is very much at home in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border area, due to influential contacts and a long presence there, it is a minnow compared to local militant groups in terms of manpower and regional knowledge.
Safe haven
Over the years Zawahiri and his predecessor Osama bin Laden, killed by U.S. forces in 2011, repeatedly pledged allegiance to Mullah Omar, in return for the safe haven he granted their followers in Afghanistan.
The statement did not mention Islamic State or Baghdadi, but it appear to take a subtle dig at the group's efforts at administering areas it has seized in Iraq and Syria.
Islamic State's effort at state-building is something never attempted by al Qaeda's central leaders, who traditionally have preferred to plot complex attacks on targets in the West.
Zawahri called for unity among militants and criticised "discord" — echoing a common al Qaeda complaint against Islamic State's record of clashing with rival Islamist groups in Syria.
The statement also warned al Qaeda's new wing against oppressing local populations — another complaint levelled against Islamic State by critics in Iraq and Syria.
"If you said that you are doing jihad to defend the sanctities of the Muslims, then you must not transgress against them or their money or honour, and not even transgress your mujahideen brothers by word and action," he said.
"Discord is a curse and torment, and disgrace for the believers and glory for the disbelievers," he said. "If you say that by your jihad you do not want but the pleasure of Allah, then you must not race for governance and leadership at the first opportunity."
Muslims account for 15 percent of Indians but, numbering an estimated 175 million, theirs is the third-largest Muslim population in the world.

Wall Street ends lower as energy shares decline  offset ECBSep 05, 2014, 07.59 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Wall Street ends lower as energy shares decline, offset ECB
The Dow and S&P 500 had touched record intraday highs after the ECB's surprise move, with the benchmark index hitting a high of 2,011.17 earlier in the session.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Wall Street ends lower as energy shares decline, offset ECB
The Dow and S&P 500 had touched record intraday highs after the ECB's surprise move, with the benchmark index hitting a high of 2,011.17 earlier in the session.
Post your opinion here
 
US stocks ended down on Thursday, retreating from intraday records for the S&P and Dow, as a decline in energy shares sapped an earlier rally following the European Central Bank's new stimulus measures.
Analysts attributed the late-day pullback to nervousness ahead of Friday's key US jobs data. Expectations are for payroll growth of 225,000 in August, according to a Reuters poll.
The wait for jobs data "might have dried up the markets a bit and made it a light day," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh.
The S&P energy index ended down 1.3 percent as the day's worst performing sector in the S&P. Drilling equipment maker FMC Technologies, the sector's biggest percentage decliner, fell 4.4 percent to USD 57.05. Crude oil futures lost 1.1 percent to USD 94.55 as the dollar strengthened and weighed on commodities priced in the US currency.
The Dow and S&P 500 had touched record intraday highs after the ECB's surprise move, with the benchmark index hitting a high of 2,011.17 earlier in the session.
All three main indexes pared gains in the afternoon as energy shares sunk with oil prices.
"We saw an initial rally from the ECB, but we're once again seeing those rallies muted, which I think is more of a factor as momentum slows down near the 2,000 level," said Joe Bell, senior equity analyst at Schaeffer's Investment Research in Cincinnati.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 8.7 points, or 0.05 percent, to 17,069.58. The S&P 500 was down 3.07 points, or 0.15 percent, to end at 1,997.65. The Nasdaq Composite lost 10.28 points, or 0.22 percent, to 4,562.29.
Shares of PVH Corp rose 9.6 percent to USD 128.38 after the apparel company's quarterly profit beat expectations, bolstered by sales of Tommy Hilfiger-branded clothes.
U.S.-listed shares of BP Plc fell 5.9 percent to USD 44.89 after a US district judge ruled the company was "grossly negligent" in a massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010.
The stock suffered its worst one-day percentage decline since August 2011.
Data showed US initial jobless claims rose to 302,000 last week, within levels consistent with a strengthening labor market, though the private ADP survey's gauge of hiring came in a bit lower than expected.
About 5.7 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the five-day average of 4.8 billion.
RELATED NEWS

Tech Mahindra  Info Edge  Maruti Suzuki in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
Tech Mahindra, Info Edge, Maruti Suzuki in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: September 05, 2014 09:25 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened flat on Friday as indicated by futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Foreign investors continued to be net buyers of Indian equities with increased momentum as they have bought shares worth Rs 1,698 crore on Thursday. However domestic investors sold shares worth Rs 555 crore.
Here are the stocks to track in trade today:
Tech Mahindra has secured an engineering solutions deal from Canadian aerospace and transportation company Bombardier.
Info Edge India opened QIP (Qualified Institutional Placement) to raise upto Rs 750 crore. Offer price of the issue is between Rs 735-Rs 755 per share.
Maruti Suzuki India: Deutsche Bank maintains buy on the stock with a target price at Rs 3,200 per share. The brokerage says new launches to aid Maruti's market-share gain. Royalty payment in rupee will reduce earnings volatility, says Deutsche Bank.
Petronet LNG: CLSA has downgraded the company to underperform with a target price of Rs 195 per share. The brokerage says Kochi terminal is likely to remain in losses for 3 more years. Sharp rally has left limited upside in the stock for near-term, added CLSA.
CESC: Macquarie has maintained outperform on the stock with a target price at Rs 869 per share. The brokerage says CESC has strong balance sheet compared to other utility companies. Macquarie expects earnings CAGR of 38 per cent in next 3 years for CESC.
Wipro has bagged a 5-years strategic infrastructure management contract from Philip Morris International.
Bharat Petroleum Corporation goes ex-dividend today. The company had declared a final dividend of Rs 17 per share.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 09:25 (IST)

Apple s iWatch to have NFC technology; likely to come in two sizes: ReportUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Bangalore: Apple plans to include near-field communication (NFC), a technology that can be used to make payments wirelessly, in its upcoming smartwatch, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter.
The company is also expected to add the technology, which is used to transmit data wirelessly over short distances, to the next version of its iPhone, the paper reported.
The smartwatch will be offered in two sizes and will have sensors to track and monitor health, people familiar with the device told the paper.
Apple is also expected to add the NFC technology, which is used to transmit data wirelessly over short distances, to the next version of its iPhone. ( Apple Store exterior , via Shutterstock)
However, the smartwatch is unlikely to go on sale this year, the people said.
Apple did not immediately respond to calls and emails for comment.
NFC will allow users to make payments for goods and services with credit cards stored with Apple's iTunes digital content store, the report said.
Apple has invited media to a "special event" in its hometown of Cupertino, California, on September 9, when the iPhone maker is expected to unveil the latest versions of its best-selling smartphones.

Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy among top 10 stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections
Ten stocks in focus in Friday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 5, 2014, 09.30AM IST
Tags:
Info Edge India Ltd
(Indian markets are expected…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index reclaimed its crucial psychological level of 8,100 in trade on Friday, led by gains in BPCL, Bharti Airtel, NMDC, ACC and Asian Paints.
Tracking the momentum, the S&P BSE Sensex also managed to rally over 70 points, supported by gains in consumer durable, power and IT stocks.
"The undertone still remains positive however going forward any dip in Nifty is likely to result in considerable correction in many individual stocks which have jumped sharply since last month," LKP said in a report.
"Nifty's resistance remains at 8150-8180 level whereas supports continue to be placed at 7980-8000 level," added the report.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
Sun Pharma & Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd: In the first-ever public scrutiny of an M&A deal in India, fair trade watchdog CCI today invited comments from all stakeholders, including general public, on finer details of $ 4-billion merger of Ranbaxy Labs into rival Sun Pharmaceuticals.
Tech Mahindra Ltd: IT services firm Tech Mahindra said it has secured an engineering solutions deal with Canadian aerospace and transportation company Bombardier.
SAIL & NTPC: The government has asked 12 state -run PSUs like SAIL , NTPC and DVC to immediately furnish all details of any joint ventures formed by them related to 20 coal blocks allocated for captive use for submission to the Supreme Court, which is looking into the issue.
Infosys Ltd: Country's second largest software exporter Infosys said it has bagged a five-year contract from Europe's second largest oil and gas company, BP to provide IT services.
Reliance Communications Ltd: Telecom services provider Reliance Communications said it will seek shareholders' approval to raise funds through securities from Qualified Institutional Buyers at its annual general meeting on September 30.
Midcap companies will be in focus: Leading stock exchange NSE will shift securities of 19 companies to the restricted trading segment from September 9, to ensure safety of the investors.
Info Edge India Ltd: Info Edge (India) announces the opening of the Qualified Institutions Placement ("QIP") on 04 September 2014. The floor price is set at Rs 766.89/share.
Petronet LNG: CLSA downgraded the stock to 'underperform' but raised its target price to Rs 195 from Rs 170 earlier. Break-even in Kochi terminal unlikely before FY18, says the brokerage firm which has also slashed its FY15 EPS by 2%, FY16 EPS by 5%.
FEATURED ARTICLES

P Sathasivam sworn in as Kerala GovernorP Sathasivam is the first non-political person appointed for a gubernatorial post by the new NDA government.
Press Trust of India | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 5, 2014 10:48 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 10:49 am
Former Chief Justice of India P Sathasivam was on Friday sworn in as Kerala Governor.
65-year-old Sathasivam, whose appointment triggered debate in legal and political circles on the propriety of giving gubernatorial assignment to a former CJI, is the 23rd Governor of the state.
He was administered the oath of office by Acting Chief Justice of the Kerala High Court, Justice Ashok Bhushan, at the Raj Bhavan here.
He is the first Chief Justice of India to be appointed to the post which is lower in warrant of precedence to the CJI.
He is also the first non-political person appointed for a gubernatorial post by the new NDA government.
Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, his cabinet colleagues, Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha P J Kurien and Kerala Assembly Speaker G Karthikeyan were present at the function.
However, LDF leaders did not turn up for the function.
After his appointment on September 3, Sathasivam had said, “I can utilise my service to the people of the state in a better way compared to other politicians.”
“I want to utilise my experience for the people of the particular state (Kerala),” he had said.
Sathasivam, who was appointed as Governor of Kerala replacing Sheila Dikshit, retired as CJI in April this year.

al-Qaedas new India branch not a threat: USal-Qaeda’s new India branch not a threat: US
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 5:  
The announcement by al-Qaeda that it has formed a branch for operating in India is not an indication of the terrorist outfit gaining new capabilities, the US today said, asserting that it is committed to dismantling the group.
“We do not regard the announcement as an indication of new capabilities by al-Qaeda, which has long been active throughout the region,” Caitlin Hayden, spokesperson of the National Security Council at the White House, said.
“We have seen the reports of al-Qaeda’s new branch on the Indian sub-continent. The US remains committed to dismantling al-Qaeda and ensuring that it never again poses a threat to the American people,” she said in response to a question.
The US, she said, has robust counterterrorism partnerships in the region to combat al-Qaeda’s destabilising influence, to deny it safe haven, to counter violent extremism, and to build resilience against terrorist groups.
After the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, co-operation between the US and India on counter-terrorism issues has increased significantly.
This is expected to be one of the key topics of discussion between the two countries when Prime Minister Narendra Modi travels to Washington later this month to meet President Barack Obama.
“We have seriously degraded al-Qaeda in the region, and will continue our efforts against the group and affiliates that pose a threat to the American people,” Hayden said.
The creation of the group called “Qaedat al-Jihad in the Indian Sub-continent” was announced by As Sahab, al-Qaeda’s official media outlet, in a lengthy video posted on social media sites, including YouTube.
Al-Qaeda is active in Afghanistan and Pakistan, but the group’s leader Ayman al Zawahiri said ‘Qaedat al-Jihad’ would take the fight to India, Myanmar and Bangladesh.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

How Maruti returned to its current top-gear runSep 05, 2014, 12.44 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
After recent stumbles, Maruti back in pink of health
A slew of good news emanating from the carmaker suggests it is not resting on its laurels.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
After recent stumbles, Maruti back in pink of health
A slew of good news emanating from the carmaker suggests it is not resting on its laurels.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Hit by a raft of bad news over the past couple of years, India’s largest carmaker  Maruti Suzuki is increasingly showing signs it has put all of them behind as it gears up to defend its numero-uno position in the Indian market in an aggressive fashion.
A behemoth in the Indian auto industry, thanks to the sheer dint of scale it derived from its pre-liberalization, nationalized days, Maruti’s hegemony appeared to be under threat around the year 2012 as rising competition, coupled with a slowing market, appeared to be taking off its sheen.
To make matters worse, it was hit by an ugly labour unrest that witnessed the death of a worker. This disrupted its supply chain, caused a dent in its brand value and resulted in its market share hitting an all-time low of 38 percent, from about 50 percent only a few years before that.
The above-mentioned developments resulted in sales and net profit coming off for the carmaker. Between financial years 2010 and 2012, its sales grew a measly 10 percent annualized (from Rs 30,656 crore to Rs 37,067 crore) while its net profits fell 20 percent (from Rs 2,545 crore to Rs 1,633 crore).
The poor financial performance showed up in the company’s shares. Between fiscal years 2009 and 2013, every Rs 10,000 invested in Maruti would have increased to Rs 16,700 while the same invested in the BSE auto index would have grown to nearly Rs 33,000.
Much has changed for the carmaker since. The past one year has witnessed the company sail from one bit of good news to another – marred only by a few blips in between.
First, the carmaker has continued to play the volume game well by continuing to rejig its line-up of cars: it currently has 12 cars in the Indian market across the hatchback, sedan and utility vehicle segments, the most by any company.
Over the past few years, not only has Maruti been able to continue to satisfy the demands of its customers by keeping its line-ups fresh. It did this by not only phasing out the Maruti 800 or the slow-selling A-Star and Estilo but also by coming up with frequent facelifts for its bestsellers such as Wagon R, Swift and DZire.
Maruti has also taken a lead in continously bringing innovations to the industry such as launching the Ertiga (the first-of-its-kind major product to feature a seven-seater vehicle with a sub 2.0 litre fuel-efficient engine at a Rs 10 lakh price), bringing in automated manual transmission gearbox with the Celerio (which combines the fuel efficiency and low cost of a manual gearbox with the ease of an automatic) as well by launching most of its major products in a CNG version.
All of this has helped it regain lost market share, which is now back near the 50 percent mark.
While things appeared to have quietened on the labour front, Maruti also looked to diversify its labour risk by agreeing to a deal with its parent company Suzuki, which this year said it would launch a plant in Gujarat. The deal, however, met with stiff opposition from institutional investors who said it was unfair for shareholders of the Indian company as terms of the deal dictated Maruti would finance most of the plant’s expansion (without having its ownership).
To that, Maruti sweetened the deal by removing most of the objectionable clauses – it is now expected that not only would the Gujarat deal meet shareholder approval, it would also result in immense savings for the company.
That’s not all. A few days back, Maruti announced it would start paying royalty to Suzuki in Indian rupees rather than in yen (which stood at 6 percent of sales last year), another demand that institutional shareholders had raised in the past few years.
This would insulate the company from forex risks by fixing the net royalty outgo at a certain percentage of sales and not result in spikes during times of yen depreciation.
In an interview with PTI , chairman RC Bhargava also said the company is looking to further increase up its local research & development processes, which would result in royalties coming off further.
The recent yen depreciation, too, would help further help Maruti in the short term, as it would reduce the cost of parts it imports from Suzuki in Japan.
The yen is currently at trading at 105.3 to the US dollar, the lowest in five years and has depreciated 2.6 percent in the past one month itself.
According to analysts, every 1 percent depreciation in the yen increases Maruti’s operating profit margins by 20 basis points, or 0.2 percent. Some believe this effect has not yet been factored into analysts’ FY15 earnings forecasts.
The list of recent good news is rounded off with the list of launches Maruti has lined up. It recently launched the Ciaz, a premium sedan to replace the ageing SX4, which according to recent reviews has all the trappings of a blockbuster.
Beyond that, Maruti is looking to launch a compact sports utility vehicle. This would create its presence in the fast-selling segment that has recently been dominated by the Ford EcoSport and Renault Duster.
Not surprisingly, Maruti shares have been on a tear over the past one year, rising 122 percent, compared to a 58 percent rise for the auto index. But this could only be the start of the turnaround.
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On September 10, 2014, at  14:51 hrs Maruti Suzuki India was quoting at Rs 2905.45, down Rs 5.5, or 0.19 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2963.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 1301.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 96.45 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 30.12. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.18.
RELATED NEWS

Buy BF Investment  Tata Global  Glenmark: Pankaj JainLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy BF Investment, Tata Global, Glenmark: Pankaj Jain
Pankaj Jain of Sunteck Wealthmax recommends going long in Sona Koyo Steering Systems for a target of Rs 55 and Glenmark Pharma for a target of Rs 799.
Post your opinion here
Bull's Eye
In CNBC-TV18's popular show Bull's Eye, Pankaj Jain of Sunteck Wealthmax shares his trading strategies for the day.
One can go long in BF Investment  for a target price of Rs 124 and keep a stoploss at Rs 109.
One can go long in Tata Global Beverage  for a target price of Rs 169 and keep a stoploss at Rs 159.
One can go long in Glenmark Pharma  for a target price of Rs 799 and keep a stoploss at Rs 765.
One can go long in Sona Koyo Steering Systems  for a target price of Rs 55 and keep a stoploss at Rs 49.50.
RELATED NEWS

PM pays tributes to Dr Radhakrishnan on Teachers  DayWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar 14 hours 35 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Did you switch on your emotional intelligence side at the workplaceUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Many believe that work is just about the common sense and rational abilities of your mind into use. However, much before that, the emotional quotient comes into play. It encapsulates a lot as it is an extension of the mind and heart working in tandem. So, if you have switched on your emotional side at the workplace, be prepared to welcome satisfaction & happiness in your work life. Here's what you should inculcate to become one sound emotionally intelligent person:
Be a people-watcher
Every person comes with his unique set of DNA and that alone sets him apart from the rest. However, DNA cannot be seen and there are other factors which make people distinct like body language, ways of speaking and dressing and individual characteristics. A people watcher is fascinated by such abundance and keeps looking for more. It helps to understand the best side of people and learn from them.
Many believe that work is just about the common sense and rational abilities of your mind into use.
Know your strengths and weaknesses
Weighing yourself in pros and cons, like you do feasibility for projects, is the first step in emotional intelligence ratio. Understanding what lies within will make you a better judge of work that you can do and which is beyond your capability. This rational thought will keep you grounded and will help to elevate.
Do not fret
Fretting about future and making it a primary concern in your life, makes it all the more difficult to live in the moment. You can't live in a script and more so often you don't make that script. Enjoy the moment given to you!
A great listener
Emotionally intelligent people are great listeners. And mind you, there is difference in hearing and listening. Things are never lost in translation when emotionally intelligent people are around.
Have it all figured out
Understanding and analyzing are two things which come easy to an emotionally intelligent person. They figure it all out by themselves; they reach conclusions which are usually true by having some deep insight into their own psyche. However this is a gradual process.
Ethical and eager
These people are mostly ethical in their doings, be it work of personal. They are morally sound and ethically-upright. Most importantly, they are eager. Eager to help, eager to learn, they have an unsettling enthusiasm about them which is by and large magnetic.
Being an emotionally sound person not only makes you a great employee, but a self-aware person too.
The author, Premlesh Machama, is MD, CareerBuilder India

Watch: Students look forward to PM Modi s Teachers  Day addressWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

77 per cent of Indian teenage girls endure sexual violence:UNPrint
The report added that about 21 per cent of girls aged 15 to 19 in India had experienced physical violence since age 15.
Press Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 5, 2014 12:39 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 12:42 pm
About 77 per cent of girls aged between 15 and 19 in India have been subjected to sexual violence by their spouses, according to a report by UNICEF which said more than half of the girls in the age group faced physical abuse at the hands of their parents.
The UN Children’s Fund (UNICEF) report titled “Hidden in plain sight” said violence against children is so prevalent and deeply ingrained in societies that it is often unseen and accepted as the norm.
The report said that 77 per cent of girls aged 15 to 19 years in India have at least once experienced forced sexual intercourse or any other forced sexual acts by their current husband or partner.
Partner violence is also pervasive in South Asia, where at least one in five girls who have ever been married or in union experienced partner violence.
OVerview | Create Infographics
In this region, the prevalence of partner violence is particularly high in Bangladesh and India.
The report said that in India 34 per cent of ever-married girls aged 15 to 19 years have experienced some form of physical, sexual or emotional violence committed by their husbands or partners.
The report added that about 21 per cent of girls aged 15 to 19 in India had experienced physical violence since age 15.
It said the identity of the most common perpetrator varied by the marital status of the victim.
“Not surprisingly, among ever-married girls who experienced physical violence since age 15, a current or former partner was cited most often in all of the countries,” it said.
The report further added that girls who had not been married were most likely to report physical violence at the hands of family members, friends, acquaintances and teachers.
The most commonly reported perpetrator was the victim’s mother or stepmother, with over half of single girls reporting this in Azerbaijan, Cambodia, Haiti, India, Liberia, Sao Tome and Principe, and Timor-Leste.
In India, 41 per cent of girls aged 15 to 19 years had experienced physical violence since age 15 by their mother or step-mother while 18 per cent had been subjected to physical violence by their fathers and step-fathers.
India also had the third highest number of young homicide victims in 2012.
Nearly 9,400 children and adolescents aged 0 to 19 years were killed in India in 2012.
The report also noted that 41-60 per cent girls aged 15 to 19 years think that a husband or partner is “justified in hitting or beating his wife or partner” under some circumstances.
The report, which draws on data from 190 countries, found that about two-thirds of children worldwide or almost one billion between ages 2 and 14 are subjected to physical punishment by their caregivers on a regular basis.

SC orders release of undertrials who have served half theirsentencePrint
SC said that the judicial officers shall pass orders of release immediately in jails itself.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 12:39 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 10:20 pm
Less than a week after the government announced its ambitious plan to reduce the number of undertrial prisoners in jails, the Supreme Court Friday went a step ahead, ordering the immediate release of all inmates who have served half their maximum term without the completion of trial.
The Ministries of Law and Home Affairs were learnt to be coordinating to release undertrial prisoners — one of the major initiatives of the Narendra Modi government during its first year in power. The next step was to get states on board.
However, in a move that would decongest the country’s notoriously overcrowded jails, the court set a deadline of two months, starting October 1, for judicial officers to visit prisons under their jurisdiction and free all such inmates by passing appropriate orders in the jail itself.
The directive, issued by a bench led by Chief Justice R M Lodha, may benefit around one lakh prisoners in jails across country. However, it would not apply to those charged with offences which entail life term or the death penalty as maximum punishment. As per the Home Ministry, there were 2.55 lakh undertrial prisoners at the end of 2012. Of this, less than one lakh were charged with heinous offences like rape and murder or booked under terror charges and were, hence, facing life term or the death penalty.
The bench, also comprising Justices Kurian Jospeh and Rohinton F Nariman, based its order on Section 436A of the Criminal Procedure Code, which prescribes release of prisoners by a court on a personal bond with or without sureties if he or she has spent half the maximum period of sentence. This provision, however, has remained ineffective because of lack of awareness and because trial courts press for bail bonds for release.
On Friday, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi informed the bench that the government was in the process of consultation with all state governments which, in turn, could get in touch with the respective high courts to take steps to release undertrial prisoners. He said that the task was “enormous” and that all chief ministers and chief justices should be “sensitised.”
The bench, however, rejected the Centre’s suggestion of involving the high courts, calling it “not workable”, and said that it would pass the order straightaway.
Notably, Law Minister Ravishankar Prasad had Sunday said that the NDA government has initiated work on an IT system for prisons in the country in a bid to decongest jails. Speaking at the 22nd convocation of the National Law School of India University in Bangalore, Prasad said that a pilot system was in place at Delhi’s Tihar Jail.
The convocation was presided over by CJI Lodha, who is also the university’s Chancellor.
The SC order, however, is simple and straight — asking trial judges to go to jails, get records of all inmates from prison officials, and passing bail orders on the spot. The continued…

ICICI  HDFC bring back fixed-rate home loansICICI, HDFC and Citibank bring back fixed-rate home loans
By TNN | 5 Sep, 2014, 11.51AM IST
0
Share More
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had allowed lenders to float infrastructure bonds to extent of home and infrastructure loans outstanding in their books.
In Pic: A construction worker at a building site
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: ICICI Bank has brought back fixed-rate mortgages. The bank is offering home loans up to 10 years at a fixed rate of up to 10.25%, which is close to 10.15% it charges its floating-rate customers. The move is aimed at locking into a sizeable home loan portfolio which can be funded by floating infrastructure bonds.
Market leader HDFC offers partially fixed-rate loans where rate is set at 10.25% for first two years, which is close to pricing of its floating-rate loans of 10.15%.
Citibank offers a fixed rate of 10.1% till September 2015, after which it charges a variable rate on home loan product. Among other lenders, PNB Housing also offers fixed-rate home loans at up to 10.75% to salaried borrowers.
The fixed rate tenure of home loans offered by ICICI Bank almost matches maturity of 10-year infrastructure bonds it issued on Wednesday. The bank raised around Rs 3,900 crore by selling 10-year bonds at an interest rate of 9.25%.
Last month, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had allowed lenders to float infrastructure bonds to extent of home and infrastructure loans outstanding in their books. The infrastructure bonds are a cheap source of finance as they are exempt from reserve requirement. Incidentally, SBI, which offers home loans at 10.1%, does not have a fixed-rate option.
According to Sukanya Kumar, director of retaillending.com, a loan advisory firm, fixed-rate loans are not recommended for most borrowers because they take away flexibility of repayments. Although RBI has barred banks from seeking penalties for prepayment of floating-rate loans, they can still impose fines for early repayment of fixed-rate loans. "Interest rates are also expected to come down in future as inflation eases. We advise our clients to go for floating-rate loans," she said.
"A fixed-rate loan is ideal for someone who has limited capacity and limited resources. These borrowers are typically those who are certain that they will not prepay their loan before time and would not like to run risk of rates going up some time in future," she said.
Until recently, fixed-rate loans had almost vanished from market.
Even those who offered them had priced option almost one percentage point above floating-rate loans, discouraging borrowers.
For lenders, advantage of fixed-rate loans is that fear of a prepayment penalty reduces portfolio churn. Also for banks, demand for corporate credit and project loans is subdued, which has compelled them to look at growing their home loan book.

India Inc s Power List: Most powerful CEOs o...You are here: Home > Collections
India Inc's Power List: Most powerful CEOs of 2014
ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 10.21AM IST
(The Economic Times Corporate…)
The Economic Times Corporate Dossier presents India Inc's definitive power listing.
Here is a list of India Inc's 10 most powerful CEOs 2014:
This list has top 100 CEOs:
FEATURED ARTICLES

Employees are making a killing on unlisted shares | Sensex in redEmployees make big bucks from share sales as HNIs hunt for sunrise sectors
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 12.30PM IST
(With the emergence of wealth…)
MUMBAI: Big bucks from share sales are not just made in the stock market. Employees, especially those working for financial services and ecommerce companies, have started making a killing though their companies are not yet listed.
In the past few months, shares of some of India Inc's biggest financial services firms have changed hands in off-market deals as high net worth individuals and brokers chase investment opportunities in companies with a high probability of listing within the next three years.
Traditionally, an employee or a small shareholder of an unlisted company had limited options in case of an exit. They could wait for an IPO or sell it back to the management in case there was a buyback arrangement.
With the emergence of wealth management firms and the rise in the number of high net worth individuals, these options have increased. The trend, which began with financial services companies, is now extending to ecommerce firms such as Snapdeal.
"In the unlisted space, there's a huge appetite among HNIs to own firms that are not represented in the listed space," says Rajesh Cheruvu, chief investment officer, RBS Private Banking.
HNIs Hunting in Sunrise Sectors
Anshu Kapoor, head of private wealth management at Edelweiss Capital, says many HNI family offices are scouting for opportunities in sunrise sectors such as mobile applications, healthcare and telecom.
A look at some recent deals shows employees and other residual shareholders of financial services companies to be among the big beneficiaries. For instance, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance had offered Esops in various tranches of Rs 30, Rs 42, Rs 70 and Rs 130 in 2005-09. These shares have now changed hands at Rs 210-225 giving a 300% return to the selling employees.
Shares of Kolhapur-based Ratnakar Bank were recently sold at Rs 170, a 209% gain for employees who bought at Rs 52-55. In March, private equity fund CDC acquired a 4.8% stake in the lender at Rs 128.1 a share, valuing the bank at Rs 3,500 crore. That's risen to Rs 4,625 crore based on the latest transactions. Employees of HDFC Standard Life exercised their Esops at Rs 28.36 apiece in March 2012 and Rs 27.37 in March 2014.
Shares have been bought recently for Rs 140, a 393% return. In UTI Mutual Fund, the weighted average exercise price of Esops issued in 2007 and vested in 2012-13 is Rs 206 while the shares currently trade at Rs 300, giving investors a 46% appreciation.
  Some transactions are also believed to have taken place in the booming ecommerce sector with past employees of firms such as Snapdeal among the sellers. Transactions have been few and details about price and valuation could not be ascertained. Unlike listed stocks, the unlisted space has few brokers and trades are made through known sources.
Often, a broker accumulates small lots of shares from employees who have earned them as Esops, or from investors who have bought earlier and are looking for an exit. Once the broker has a sizeable chunk of shares, typically worth more than Rs 1 crore, it's offered to HNIs. The biggest deterrent in the case of unlisted shares, when compared with listed ones, is the tax treatment, say experts. "The tax treatment of unlisted stocks is unfavourable compared with listed stocks," says Sandeep Ginodia, director, Sapphire Wealth Management Systems.
Investments routed through the stock exchange and held for more than a year qualify for zero long-term capital gains tax. However, taxation is different for unlisted shares: you have to pay shortterm capital gains tax of 30% if you sell before three years and long-term capital gains tax of 10% or 20% with indexation if you sell them after three years.
Also, as per regulatory guidelines, preissue capital will be locked for one year from the date of a public issue. That means investors can sell only a year after the public issue. Also, an employee who acquires an Esop pays a perquisite tax which is the difference between the fair market value (FMV) of the shares on the date of exercise of the option and the price paid by the employee.
Since these companies are unlisted, very little financial information is available. Also, because there's no formal platform to trade these shares, the demand-supply situation varies and the price at which deals are struck could be a function of the quantity, demand-supply situation and the sentiment prevailing in the secondary markets.
Unlike listed shares, where a holder can exit through the stock exchange, liquidity is poor in unlisted companies. You would have to look for an IPO or another buyer. Brokers advise investors to be careful about promoter pedigree and management as there have been several instances in the past when companies offloaded shares to investors and simply disappeared.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australia to sign uranium trade deal with IndiaNEW DELHI, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 5, 2014 12:50 IST
Australia to sign uranium trade deal with India
AP
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi with his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott at the forecourts of Rashtrapati Bhawan, in New Delhi on Friday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
India-Australia
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott is on a two-day visit to India and the agreement is expected to be signed on Friday evening.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has met with his Indian counterpart on a two-day state visit during which they are expected to sign a deal to allow the export of uranium to New Delhi for use in power generation.
The agreement is expected to be signed on Friday evening.
Australia, which has almost a third of the world’s known uranium reserves, imposes strict conditions on uranium exports and India’s failure to sign the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty (NPT) had long been a barrier to a deal.
Both countries have been negotiating a so-called nuclear safeguards agreement with verification mechanisms since 2012 when a former Australian government agreed on civil nuclear energy cooperation with India that would eventually allow the export of Australian uranium.

Atlas Cycles (Haryana): Outcome of board meetingSep 05, 2014, 12.20 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Atlas Cycles (Haryana): Outcome of board meeting
Atlas Cycles (Haryana) has informed that the Financial Results for the Year ended March 31, 2014 were not approved by the Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting held on September 03, 2014. Further, the Board of Directors of the Company has considered and approved the Extension of Annual General Meeting in its meeting held on Sept 03, 2014

Gold futures decline to Rs. 27 419 on global cuesGold futures decline to Rs. 27 419 on global cues
Rupee stable on FII flows; 60/$ likely till yr-end: HSBCRupee stable on FII flows; 60/$ likely till yr-end: HSBC
Parsharti Invest - Appointment of Compliance OfficerParsharti Invest - Appointment of Compliance Officer
Mapro Industries to hold AGMMapro Industries to hold AGM
Subrata Roy seeks more time to seal Sahara hotel dealsSubrata Roy seeks more time to seal Sahara hotel deals
Amit Shah lauds Bal Thackeray to pacify Shiv SenaAmit Shah lauds Bal Thackeray to pacify Shiv Sena
Nippon Steel hopes to restart Nagoya plant as soon as possibleNippon Steel hopes to restart Nagoya plant as soon as possible
Gates Foundation awards $25 million to HIV researchGates Foundation awards $25 million to HIV research
Reuters  Portland, September 04, 2014
First Published: 10:14 IST(4/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:17 IST(4/9/2014)
Comments
Oregon researchers developing a vaccine that has shown promise in preventing HIV infection in primates said on Wednesday they have been awarded a $25 million grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
Oregon Health & Science University scientists, in announcing the award, said they hope to develop a vaccine that not only prevents the HIV virus from infecting people exposed to it, but also eliminates the virus from those already infected.
The grant follows research published by the scientists seeking to show their vaccine candidate halting the transmission of, or eliminating altogether, a form of the virus in about half of more than 100 monkeys tested.
"In effect, we helped better arm the hunters in the body to chase down and kill an elusive viral enemy," lead researcher Louis Picker wrote in the magazine Nature, which published lab results last year. "And we're quite confident that this vaccine approach can work exactly the same way against HIV in humans."
While the annual number of new HIV infections has declined in recent years, more than 35 million people globally were living with HIV and an estimated 2.1 million people were newly infected with the virus that causes AIDS last year, according to the World Health Organization.
Although AIDS-related deaths have dropped in recent years due to antiretroviral drug therapy, some 1.5 million people still died from the disease last year, the organization said.
In the United States, the annual rate of diagnosis with HIV fell by a third between 2002 and 2011, according to a study in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The grant will be used over the next five years to establish whether the vaccine can be used safely on humans in a clinical trial and to help Picker develop a version of the vaccine suitable for larger-scale testing, which is required to bring it to market and will take at least a decade.
The grant will largely be used to develop the preventative vaccine, which could also be used for therapeutic and antiretroviral therapies, the university said in a statement.
The National Institutes of Health cited Picker's research among its "promising medical advances" of 2013, the researchers said.
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation aims to eradicate the world's most deadly diseases and poverty.

These tobacco plants could potentially save thousands of lives!these tobacco plants could potentially save thousands of lives!
Floods hit Jammu and Kashmirpicture  others
Floods hit Jammu and Kashmir
At least 50 people, who formed part of a barat, were feared killed on Thursday afternoon when the bus in which they were travelling washed away in flash floods. With this the total number of people killed in the floods in the Jammu province has now gone up to 62.
People are being evecauted in boats as others walk in  submerged roads in Flood waters in Bemina, Srinagar on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
The bus carrying a marriage party was washed away in flash floods in Gambhir river in Rajouri district while crossing the Laam-Darhal-Moushera Road, according to an Army officer.
People move towards the safer places as they walk in the submergerd in Flood water roads in Bemina Srinagar on Thursday . (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
The fresh causalities were reported from Poonch district where three persons were washed away, while two women lost their lives in Reasi district, police said.
People move towards safer places as they walk in the submergerd in Flood water roads in Bemina Srinagar on Thursday. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
A car submerged in flooded area in Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
More of the flooded roads in Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
A houseboat on the banks of flooded Jhelum river. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
A man carrying his children to safer places in the main city Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
A family wading through the flooded streets on bicycle. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)  (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
A shikara in the flooded Jhelum. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
People standing on a bridge as they watch the overflooded river. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Army personnel rescuing flood-affected villagers of Mirbaazar in Kulgam district after heavy rains deluged the village on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Army personnel rescuing flood-affected villagers of Mirbaazar with a rope in Kulgam district after heavy rains deluged the village. (Source: PTI)
Army, CRPF and Civil Defence personnel rescuing flood-hit people at Akran Nowpora in Kulgam district on Wednesday. Authorities announced flood threats in various parts of Kashmir valley following heavy rains. (Source: PTI)
A youth attempts to move at safer place using a rope at Akran Nowpora in Kulgam after heavy rains deluged nearby villages. (Source: PTI)
Locals rescuing flood-affected villagers of Mirbaazar in Kulgam district after heavy rains deluged the village on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Locals rescuing flood-affected villagers at Akran Nowpora in Kulgam after heavy rains deluged nearby villages. (Source: PTI)

Australian PM Abbott begins India visit  focuses on better education tiespicture  others
Australian PM Abbott begins India visit, focuses on better education ties
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott arrived in India heading a 30-member strong business delegation. (Source: Express photo by Pradip Das)
Australian PM Tony Abbott along with officials of Mumbai University on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Pradip Das)
Australia has signed up to help train Indian tradesman as the emerging economy seeks to skill its workforce and grow its manufacturing industry. (Source: Express photo by Pradip Das)
Speaking at the Mumbai University soon after his arrival, the Australian PM announced that India would join his New Colombo Plan from next year to build higher educational links between the two countries.  (Source: Express photo by Pradip Das)
The agreement was signed between the National Skills Development Corporation of India and the Australian Department of Industry. (Source: Express photo by Pradip Das)
Abbott said the New Colombo Plan would build on the already strong education links between Australia and India. (Source: Express photo by Pradip Das)
The Australian PM said that the New Colombo Plan would complement the Indian government’s Connect to India initiative, which funds five Indian universities to each host at least 30 international students.  (Source: Express photo by Pradip Das)

Easing of ECB norms to benefit small  mid-sized firmsAnand Adhikari      Follow @anandadhikari    Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 10:43 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
In yet another progressive step, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has allowed foreign banks with representative offices in the country to extend loans in rupees to domestic companies.
Foreign banks can now raise external commercial borrowings (ECB) in foreign currency, swap it with rupee funds with an Indian bank and offer rupee-denominated loans to Indian companies, according to the RBI.
There are close to four dozen foreign banks from 22 countries operating as representative offices with no physical presence in India. This additional source of money would benefit the corporate sector and also bring in competition.
In fact, many foreign banks-especially Japanese, Chinese and German lenders-are present in India through representative offices to support companies from their home countries in India.
For instance, many Japanese companies have bought equity or signed joint ventures with mid-sized Indian companies in the past five to six years. Chinese companies are also exploring similar opportunities in India. Tarun Balram, Head (Capital Financing), HSBC India, says small and mid-sized companies will surely benefit from the RBI move. "Large companies typically have access to both foreign currency and rupee resources directly or from banks," adds Balram.
The RBI move won't benefit large foreign banks with branches in India such as Citibank, Standard Chartered and HSBC India as they already have access to rupee resources by way of deposits. Will they lend at a lower interest rate? Rupee lending is currently linked to  banks' base rate, which is between nine and 10 per cent. The lending rate is upwards of 10 per cent depending upon the creditworthiness of the borrower.
The estimated swap cost for these foreign banks will be seven to eight per cent. If they bring in their own funds as ECBs, they can offer competitive lending rates. A treasury head at a bank says the latest move will also bring much-needed foreign exchange to the country.

Tensions ease in Pakistan; talks to end crisis gain momentumPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 4, 2014 9:22 pm
Pakistan’s political crisis that raised fears of instability and military intervention in the coup-prone country seemed to be headed towards resolution with efforts to seal a negotiated settlement between the government and protesters gaining momentum on Thursday.
In an indication of easing of tensions between the Nawaz Sharif-led government and protesters, Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar said the Imran Khan-led Pakistan Tehreek-I- Insaf (PTI) and cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri’s Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) are ready to vacate the high-security Constitution Avenue area.
Later, the workers of PAT and PTI vacated the lawn of the Parliament House and moved to D-Chowk where most of PTI supporters are camped in front of the Parliament.
“The government is ready to accept all other demands of PTI and PAT other than the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif,” Nisar said.
Prime Minister Sharif today held a meeting with leaders of political parties at his National Assembly chamber and discussed the current situation. After the joint parliamentary session, Sharif was briefed by the government committee.
The Interior Minister said the government had prepared its response to the written demands of PTI and will hand it over to them. The government’s response to the verbal demands of PAT had also been prepared, he added.
Talks between the two warring sides — government and protesters — were held late Wednesday night.
Two separate meetings took place overnight with the first one being held between the government committee and the PTI and the second between PAT, government and opposition parties’ ‘Jirga’, a committee of opposition politicians led by Jamaat-i-Islami chief Sirajul Haq.
Though the talks were inconclusive yet leaders from both sides said their were some positive outcomes from the talks.
Rehman Malik, Pakistan Peoples Party leader and a member of the opposition ‘Jirga’, said the deadlock between protesting parties and the government is nearing its end.
“In three days, we will see more positive results. Both sides should compromise —- give and take,” he told reporters in Karachi.
Meanwhile, Army Chief General Raheel Sharif today met the Prime Minister’s brother and Punjab province Chief Minister Shahbaz at Army House in Rawalpindi. The two discussed the political situation.
After the meeting between PAT, government and opposition parties, Minister for Planning and Development Ahsan Iqbal said, “During the meeting we have agreed to continue talks and resolve matter through dialogue. We have also decided not to comment on any development until we reach a decision, as it might affect the dialogue process.” d

Mallya tells USL it s business as usualRaghuvir Badrinath |  Bangalore Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:46 AM IST
Mallya tells USL it's business as usual
Diageo gets assurance, Heineken may seek one, too
Vijay Mallya, the embattled chairman of United Spirits in which global spirits major Diageo has majority stake, has told the company's board he will ensure operations are not affected after the United Bank of India's move to name him a wilful defaulter.
At a meeting that went on till late on Wednesday in Mumbai, the newly constituted board of United Spirits took notice of United Bank of India's move to label Mallya a wilful defaulter.
"The RBI's master circular on wilful defaulters along with certain covenants in the loan agreements sanctioned by the company's bankers raise an uncertainty on the impact of this development on the availability of credit facilities to the company. The said director has assured the board that he will take appropriate steps to ensure that the operations of the company are not impacted. Having received such assurance from the said director and appropriate comfort from the controlling shareholders (Diageo) of the company, the financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis," United Spirits said in a statement.
Mallya on Thursday denied allegations made by the grievance redressal committee of the United Bank of India and said he would take legal recourse. "We disagree with the findings of the bank as we were not given any opportunity to represent our case. I have great faith in the judicial system in India and we will defend our position," Mallya said.
Yet, given the mounting pressure from other banks to get back the Rs 4,000 crore outstanding from Kingfisher Airlines, industry analysts said Mallya was cornered and might have to work fast to sort out this issue. With Diageo extracting a commitment from Mallya, it is likely that Heineken too will seek a similar one to protect the interest of its business venture with Mallya.
Dina Wadia, partner at law firm J Sagar Associates, told Business Standard there might be unease among banks in dealings with United Spirits, United Breweries and Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilisers if Mallya's remained on their boards. "While there is no automatic step that a person has to exit from other boards if termed a wilful defaulter, financial institutions will think twice before lending to such companies," Wadia said.
Mallya brushed aside concerns on the effect on United Spirits and United Breweries and said he would take it one step at a time. "It will be premature to speculate on what other banks may be planning. We will address it as and when it may happen," he said.
Industry analysts said with more banks poised to launch action, Mallya may have to fall back on his holdings in India's largest beer company, United Breweries, in which his stake is worth Rs 6,000 crore. "That is the last resort he has. We will have to watch how Heineken pursues that option," a senior industry analyst told Business Standard.
Mallya said he would not sell stakes in United Breweries and Heineken was not interested in buying more. Heineken has, however, added 4 per cent of the company's stock to its holdings during the past year when lenders to the UB Group offloaded pledged shares in the open market. The Heineken management maintains since there are two promoters in United Breweries, they bought the shares to guard against takeovers.
Diageo taken aback by claims of UB Group associates
Diageo, which has acquired 54 per cent stake in United Spirits Ltd (USL) for Rs 18,500 crore, has said during the investment it wasn't aware of the claims now being made by certain business associates of UB Group. A Diageo spokesperson said before the investment in USL, full due-diligence was undertaken, based on the disclosures of receivables owed by various third parties to USL. "We were given express representations that all these receivables were recoverable in full. We were aware of the concern on recoverability based on the financial standing of the counter parties involved, in terms of these receivables."
Diageo said, "At the time of our investment, we were not aware of the claims now being made by certain parties that they have advanced amounts to certain alleged UB Group entities and that the money owed by such parties to USL will now be paid only upon receipt of their dues from the alleged UB Group entities."
It said USL had already made inquiries into the matter and would further undertake a detailed and expeditious investigation, adding until that investigation was over, it was inappropriate to comment further.
This follows USL’s board of directors raising objections on dues of as much as Rs 650 crore provided by USL to its business associates and how these can be recovered.
Anand Kripalu, managing director and chief executive, USL, said the claims made in relation to advances to the parties might indicate all or some of the amount might have been improperly advanced from USL to such parties, which in turn advanced to alleged UB Group entities. “This, however, can only be confirmed by a detailed inquiry authorised by the board,” he added.
 Advertisements

US pvt sector hiring slows; trade deficit at 6-month lowApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Ranjit Sinha has domestic staff of 22 | Govt plans new rule to remove CBI chiefAllegations of impropriety against CBI Director Ranjit Sinha; domestic staff of 22
ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 06.36AM IST
Tags:
CBI status report
(The purported details spilled…)
NEW DELHI: The head of India's top investigating agency, fighting allegations of impropriety in the Supreme Court, had to put up with the airing of details about his domestic arrangements and was unable to persuade judges to impose a gag order on the media reporting details of entries in his visitors' book. The purported details spilled on Thursday included the number of domestic staff who work for Ranjit Sinha , the embattled director of the Central Bureau of Investigation, which was put at 22.
They include seven cooks, three drivers and one cobbler , according to the affidavit filed by Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL) lawyer Prashant Bhushan. This comes as pressure is intensifying on Sinha to recuse himself from the 2G and coal cases after the entry register showed persons linked to the accused visiting his residence, some of them allegedly late at night.
The CBI director later threatened to sue the NGO over the allegations against him. ACBI spokesperson said: "Bhushan's allegations in an affidavit on oath are false and malicious." Sinha told reporters while leaving his office earlier in the day that he would "recuse myself from the coal case if the Supreme Court orders me to". The Supreme Court will resume hearings on the matter on September 9.
The entry register, which runs into hundreds of pages, was maintained by Indo-Tibetan Border Police personnel, according to the affidavit. Sinha was ITBP director-general before being appointed CBI chief.
The CBI spokesperson refused to respond to questions on the matter, saying that they should be directed to the ITBP.
The bench comprising HL Dattu , set to become Chief Justice of India later this month, and SA Bobde deferred hearing Sinha's objection to the court taking cognisance of the alleged entry register till September 9, when it will decide whether the CBI director should recuse himself from these cases. The names in the register are said to include various people facing charges themselves or linked to those who have cases.
The bench asked Bhushan to submit copies of the entry register through an affidavit so that the court can deal with the issue. These had been produced in support of the demand that Sinha step aside from the 2G case. On Thursday, another NGO, Common Cause, which has challenged the coal block allocations, filed a fresh plea demanding that Sinha recuse himself from that case as well. This fresh application was also filed through Bhushan.
At the start of the much-awaited hearing on Thursday, there were fireworks in court when Sinha's lawyer Vikas Singh accused the media of infringing on the CBI director's "right to privacy and reputation". Singh incidentally is 2G-case accused Shahid Balwa's counsel as well.
Singh demanded a blanket ban on any publishing of material related to the entry register. "This is a huge invasion of privacy. Somebody's reputation is at stake," the senior advocate said. "He is an important functionary of the government. If he meets a dignitary at home, any dignitary, it will be debated. He met them in a personal capacity, in a confidential manner," he said. Dattu rejected this.
"The press has its freedom." Singh also protested against leaks in the media. "These are a matter of concern," he said. "The court must reject these papers," he said, referring to the entry register copies that were submitted in a sealed cover. "The court (should) also ask the petitioner how they procured the material," Singh said.
The court assured him that it would certainly ask the NGO if the documents were procured in a lawful manner. "You will have a say. The heavens are not going to fall in a day or two," Dattu told Singh, who demanded an urgent hearing to clear the CBI director's name. "Pendency of these proceedings will hurt his reputation," the lawyer said. Dattu rejected his pleas, saying that the bench was monitoring the case.
Common Cause said Sinha should be asked to disengage from the coal case. "There are incontrovertible facts in public domain which lead to the inescapable conclusion that it is necessary to remove Sinha from the case for ensuring fair and impartial investigations," it said. "Before spelling out the new revelations, the petitioners would like to enumerate the instances of undue interference on the part of Sinha already on the record of this court."
One accusation was that he tried to change the CBI status report submitted to the court at the behest of the executive, it said. He was also instrumental in repeatedly over-ruling investigative officers and forcing them to desist from registering first information reports or regular cases in instances where preliminary enquiries had been registered, the application alleged.

Bus washed away  45 feared killed in J&KPeople being evacuated in boats, in Srinagar on Thursday. (Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Express News Service | Srinagar/jammu | Posted: September 5, 2014 8:59 am | Updated: September 5, 2014 9:13 am
Nearly 45 people, mostly women and children, who were a part of a marriage party, were feared killed as the bus in which they were travelling washed away in flash floods at Jamerhi Nullah in Laam area of Rajouri district Thursday morning.
J&K Finance Minister Abdul Rahim Rather said, “At Rajouri, a bus carrying 50 people of a marriage party was washed away by water currents. Only three people have been rescued, while 45 people are feared dead. So far we have failed to recover any body or missing people,” he said.
However, Jammu divisional commissioner Shantmanu said nearly 60-70 people were reportedly travelling in the bus. Eye witnesses told The Indian Express over the phone that two 52-seater buses carrying the marriage party had left Raipur Qamila for Laam. At Jamerhi nullah, water was flowing over the small bridge. While the first bus crossed the bridge safely, the second one was washed by strong water currents. Some of the locals rescued three people. Bus driver Lovely was among those feared dead.
The Centre has also dispatched National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) teams to the spot to find survivors.
J&K is witnessing worst ever floods in the past two decades and 65 people are feared dead and hundreds injured over the last 24 hours.
More than 200 people have been rescued by the police and Army rescue teams at different places in the state. The government has put the Indian Air Force on alert for aerial rescue evacuation operation in the affected areas.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh spoke to Chief Minister Omar Abdullah who briefed him about the flood situation in the state. Due to the floods, the Union Home Minister who was scheduled to visit the state on Friday has reportedly deferred his visit.
The national highways connecting Srinagar-Jammu, Srinagar-Ladakh and Batote-Doda were reportedly closed after the rainfall triggered landslides. MET officials have predicted more rain in the next 24 hours and said this is the highest rainfall recorded in the state since 1992.
On the city outskirts, many residential areas got submerged and authorities launched rescue operation at various places to evacuate people. Some portion of Army’s 15 Corps headquarters located on the banks of river Jhelum was also inundated and soldiers were seen shifting equipment to safer locations. Even the CM’s cavalcade was stuck in flood water near the Army headquarters while he was touring flood-affected areas of the city. Jhelum was was flowing 9 feet above danger mark at Sangam in South Kashmir.
The government has already sounded red alert across the Valley and set up round the clock control rooms. Due to floods, the Haj flights have also been postponed.

Huawei unveils phone with sapphire glass  finger-sensor  ahead of Apple iPhone 6 launchApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Lalbaugcha Raja mandal counts the donationspicture  others
Lalbaugcha Raja mandal counts the donations
Volunteers at the Lalbagcha Raja Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Mandal On Wednesday (September 3) started counting the donations they received from devotees during this festive season at Lalbaug. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
The Lalbaugcha Raja, which is kept at Lalbaug in Mumbai, is visited by a large number of devotees who flock to worship the Ganpati idol every year. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Devotees, who visit the Ganpati mandal, are known to make generous donations in cash and kind. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar) (
Volunteers count the coins donated. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Devotees also donate gold and silver ornaments to the Idol. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
A volunteer examines a silver necklace. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Volunteers sort through the gold and silver statues and ornaments. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
The Lalbaugcha Raja is kept on display for eleven days, after which it will be immersed. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)

BJP President Amit Shah in Mumbai  prays at Lalbaughcha Rajapicture  others
BJP President Amit Shah in Mumbai, prays at Lalbaughcha Raja
BJP President Amit Shah, who is in Mumbai, offered prayers at the famous Lalbaugcha Raja during the ongoing Ganesh Chaturthi.  (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Amit Shah offering prayers to Lord Ganesha. Earlier, Amit Shah told the party's Maharashtra leadership to galvanise the state cadre and make a determined effort to topple the 15-year-old Congress-NCP government in the state.  (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Amit Shah, who attended the core group meeting at the residence of Leader of Opposition in Legislative Council Vinod Tawde in suburban Vile Parle here, told the state leaders that the party has to fight the upcoming assembly polls to win and defeat the incumbent government.
Seen here offering prayers.   (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Amit Shah with Rajeev Pratap Rudy and BJP leaders.  (Source: Express Photo by Prashant Nadkar)

Union Bank rises on fund raising planSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 10:06 AM IST
Union Bank rises on fund raising plan
A total of 65,510 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.
Union Bank of India has gained nearly 2% to Rs 215 after the company plans to raise Rs 1,386 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP) this financial year, its chairman and managing director Arun Tiwari said.
"We are planning to raise Rs 1,386 crore through QIP which we plan to raise in the second quarter of this fiscal. If not, then the money will be definitely raised by the end of this financial year", Tiwari told reporters on the sidelines of Ficci Banking Conclave here today.
The bank had already got the approval of the shareholders and RBI in this regard, he said.
Shares of Union Bank of India opened at Rs 212, touched a high of Rs 216 and a low of Rs 211 on the BSE. A total of 65,510 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.
 Advertisements

Art Gallery to Display Hacked Nude Celebrity Photosart gallery to display hacked nude celebrity photos
Soon  open gold accounts & earn interest in ...You are here: Home > Collections
Gold monetisation scheme will let you open gold accounts & earn interest in yellow metal
Sutanuka Ghosal, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 11.10AM IST
(According to the scheme,…)
Kolkata: If the gold monetisation scheme is approved, gold deposit will be treated like fixed deposits & interest earned on it won't be paid in rupees but in gold Come January and you may earn gold for gold, if banks approve a gold monetisation scheme proposed by the bullion industry.
According to the scheme, gold deposit will be treated just like a fixed deposit and the interest earned on it will be paid not in rupees but in gold.
"A `gold account' will have to be opened with the bank by the retail customer. The gold can then be deposited for a maximum tenure of three years and the rate of interest will be tentative depending upon the prevailing interest scenario. When mature, the interest is paid not in rupees but in gold and the investor has more gold in the account," Rajesh Khosla, managing director, MMTC PAMP India, said explaining the scheme.
MMTC PAMP India is a joint venture between MMTC (a government of India undertaking) and PAMP Switzeland (a bullion brand), a privately-owned precious metals processing facility.
Giving an example, Khosla said, "If one deposits 35 gm of gold, he can get back 36.5 gm on maturity."
Banks can lend this gold to jewellers or deposit it with the Reserve Bank of India, that will free rupee liquidity which in turn will have an impact on the earnings, Khosla said.
The idea behind the scheme is to liquidate a portion of the estimated 25,000 tonne of gold lying idle in the Indian households and increase the availability of the yellow metal in the market.The gold account will help mitigate the fear of a ballooning current account deficit owing to high gold imports.
  The bullion industry has already made a presentation on the scheme to leading banks in the country. "We are waiting for their response. Based on their feedback, we will fine tune the scheme further. If all goes well, we are hopeful to launch the scheme during the first quarter of 2015. It all depends on the intention of the stakeholders that include refiners, jewellers and bullion dealers," Khosla said.
According to the scheme, a gold account holder can place as little as 20 gm of gold with the bank. The sche-me is expected to address more than 90% of gold consumers in India, who do not possess more than 500 gm of gold.
Bullion industry executives said RBI is convinced that this is the way forward, although its contention has always been the consumer guarantee on the purity of gold. This is where MMTC-PAMP can come to help as it has India's first accredited refinery with a capacity of 150 tonne. There are around 250 approved hallmarking units in India. MMTC-PAMP India is also developing an advanced software for the scheme, which is expected to be ready by October.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JP Associates slips over 14%; stock down 30% in 4 days | Infy rallies 2% on BP dealJaiprakash Associates plunges over 30% in 4 days as promoters sell stake
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 5, 2014, 11.04AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Macquarie has maintained…)
MUMBAI: Investors are losing faith in Jaiprakash Associates and that is evident from the sharp sell-off in the stock after one of the promoters sold shares at a discount to market price.
The company had recently completed a $250 million QIP at a price of Rs 70.4 per share.
The stock has tanked over 30 per cent in last four sessions and given the panic in the stock, downside is likely to continue.
Promoter entity Jaypee Infra Ventures has sold 3.53 crore shares or 1.45 per cent stake worth Rs 166 crore between September 1 and 3 at an average price of Rs 47 per share.
Post stake sale, Jaypee Infra Ventures will hold 28.30 per cent stake in the company.
There is panic selling in the stock on concerns that promoters are exiting the company.
The management tried to assuage investors concerns but it has had no effect on the sentiment.
In it clarification to the stock exchanges, the company said "the small share holding has been disposed off by the Promoter Company to meet its requirement of funds including for social cause."
"It is clarified and confirmed for information of all stakeholders that the Promoters of Jaiprakash Associates continue to have full faith in the Company and hope that the investor / stakeholders would continue to have confidence in the Company and its Management, as hitherto," the company said.
Macquarie has maintained 'Underperform' rating on the stock. The brokerage is of the view that earnings are expected to continue to disappoint.
"We believe that even after building in significantly higher cement business profitability and assuming most of the power plants are operational, ROE will remain subdued," the brokerage said.
"The asset-based valuation has supported the stock price for a long time now. We believe a focus on earnings will lead to a re-rating," the report added.
The company's high debt will also keep the stock under pressure going forward. JP Associates' consolidated net debt to equity is 6.8x and current EBITDA/Interest is at 1.1x.
"Our analysis suggests that de-leveraging of US$4 billion is required to get EBITDA/interest ratio is greater than 1.5x. Fund raising has been only to finance short-term debt payments and equity shortfall for projects," Macquarie report added.
At 10:50 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 33.45, down 11.27 per cent, on the BSE . It plunged 14.32 per cent to touch 52-week low of Rs 32.30.
The stock has tanked 33 per cent since September 1 as promoter group started selling shares in the market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sahara chief Subrata Roy seeks 10 more days to finalise sale of 3 luxury hotelsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Qaeda wing in Indian subcontinent gives US the jittersQaeda wing in Indian subcontinent gives US the jitters
IANS  Washington, September 05, 2014
First Published: 09:30 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 11:55 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
The US has expressed concern over the reported creation of a new al Qaeda wing in the Indian subcontinent but said it did not regard it as an indication of any new capabilities by the terror group.
The US had not been "able to verify those reports yet", state department spokesperson Marie Harf told reporters Thursday.
But "we obviously are concerned about any recruitment or efforts by terrorists or violent extremist groups anywhere in the world".
Read: US had warned Delhi of Qaeda’s designs in August
US, she said, had "remained committed to dismantling al Qaeda anywhere that it poses a threat to the United States, make sure it doesn't again pose a threat to the United States, particularly in that region".
"We also don't regard this announcement as an indication of any new capabilities by al Qaeda," Harf said, insisting that core of al Qaeda leadership had been "decimated".
Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahri announced the creation of a South Asian branch of his outfit to "raise the flag of jihad" in the Indian subcontinent in a 55-minute video posted online Wednesday.
"When we talk about core al Qaeda, it's al Qaeda senior leadership in the tribal areas primarily of Pakistan, also some in Afghanistan, and that core leadership has been decimated. That's a fact," the spokesperson said.
Read: Asim Umar, man who will head South Asia branch of al Qaeda
"We've constantly at the same time said we're concerned if they try to undertake operations in other places, if they as we know have affiliated groups other places."
"So we're concerned about it," she said. "Again, we don't regard this announcement as an indication of any new capabilities by Al Qaeda."
The spokesperson was asked how she could say that the core of al Qaeda leadership had been decimated when al-Zawahri, who succeeded the group's founder Osama bin Laden after he was killed in a US raid on his compound in Pakistan, was seen making the announcement of a new wing.
"If you look at a series of successions of number threes in Al Qaeda, a host of other senior leaders in Al Qaeda, yes. The core of Al Qaeda's leadership except for Zawahri, of the senior leadership in Al Qaeda in Pakistan, has been taken off the battlefield," Harf responded.
"And as they are replaced with new fighters, they are significantly less capable, are significantly less trained, they have much less capability," she said.
Read: Has Asia become a fertile ground for al Qaeda?
Asked how the US could be certain that the reported creation of a new al Qaeda wing doesn't represent an indication of new capabilities if it could not verify even the substance of the announcement, Harf said blandly: "Because we don't have anything to indicate there are new capabilities here."
"We don't know - know there's - this has been an announcement, a propaganda announcement made on a video. That doesn't mean there's new capabilities to back it up," she said.
Asked if the intelligence community had not discerned any significant al Qaeda presence on the Indian subcontinent, Harf said: "Well, no. We have known that there's an al Qaeda presence in many places of the region, many parts of the region."
"Of course we know that. That's not anything new," she said. But in terms of an announcement about some sort of new branch, we judge - the US government judges that this is not an indication of new capabilities."
"We have nothing to indicate that there are new capabilities here."

Woman accuses additional CJM of outraging her modestyPrint
Express News Service | Allhabad | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:14 am
A 20-year-old woman has accused an Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate in Azamgarh district court of outraging her modesty, when she had gone to record her statement in a criminal case of kidnapping and rape.
The alleged incident occurred Wednesday, following which the lawyers protested and a complaint was lodged by the woman at the office of the Chief Judicial Magistrate. It was later referred to the office of the District Judge.
On Thursday, a section of the lawyers, demanding quick action against the said magistrate, went on strike.
The woman had allegedly gone missing on August 25 from near her house under Bilariyaganj police station area of the district.
“An FIR of kidnapping was registered by her father on August 26. The same day the woman was recovered from a place in Maharajganj area. Subsequently, she complained that one of the five named accused had raped her. Four of the accused were arrested and one was absconding,” said Station Officer (Bilariyaganj), Anil Prakash Singh.
The SO said that the woman was sent to the district court for recording her statement under Section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code before a magistrate. “A woman constable and a sub-inspector had accompanied her. During the recording of the statement, the police personnel were kept outside. When the girl came out, a ruckus broke out and we came to know that allegations have been levelled,” he added.

Delhi likely to get a BJP government  AAP cries foulBJP is likely to give govt formation in Delhi a shot
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 10:35 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:26 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
The BJP seemed inclined to take a shot at forming the government in Delhi, a day after lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung sent a report to President Pranab Mukherjee. Sources said the home ministry was in favour of exploring options for government formation and the same was expected to be conveyed to the LG on Saturday.
 
Even if the party declines, it would only be after an “earnest effort”, a BJP source said Friday.
Jung had written to Mukherjee recommending that the single largest party be given a chance to come to power, and Rashtrapati Bhawan had in turn forwarded the request to the home ministry. On Friday, the ministry gave its consent to Jung’s request.
Delhi has been under central rule since the AAP government stepped down in February.
The task, though, isn’t easy. The BJP has 28 MLAs while its ally, the Akali Dal, has one. It needs the support of five more MLAs to prove its majority in the 67-member assembly. While two independents are understood to have pledged their support, the party is still three shy of the magic figure. Making up the numbers would require defections in the rival camp — an idea the BJP was initially averse to.
The impasse comes up before the Supreme Court on Tuesday and a clearer picture may emerge after that.
 
The BJP leadership was initially reluctant, given the lack of numbers in the House. But sources said a section argued for the installation of a minority government, thus leaving it to the opposition parties to either topple it or let it survive through abstention from voting.
“The party will take a decision,” a guarded home minister Rajnath Singh said after a meeting with transport minister Nitin Gadkari, who is the party’s Delhi in-charge.
 
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay, who also met Singh, said, “If invited, we will explore all possibilities to form government by constitutional means. We are a political party and giving good governance to Delhiites is our responsibility.”
Many BJP leaders were earlier in favour of fresh elections. But with key assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana in the coming months, the party believes January-February would be the “best time” to hold polls in Delhi.
 
This would give it more time to prepare — by stepping up civic work and allowing winter to cool off high food prices — while good results in the assembly polls would help its prospects in Delhi.
The party won all seven of the city’s Lok Sabha seats in the April-May general elections but fears the AAP may still have an edge in the local polls. This is because the general elections saw the Arvind Kejriwal-led party increase its vote share from the December 2013 assembly polls.

Teachers  Day: Modi to Address Students; Live Streaming InformationTeachers  Day: Modi to Address Students; Live Streaming Information
al-Qaeda wants to portray Modi as enemy of Islam: US analystal-Qaeda wants to portray Modi as enemy of Islam: US analyst
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 5:  
al-Qaeda, which has announced the creation of a separate wing for India, wants to portray Prime Minister Narendra Modi as an enemy of Islam and as such India should take its threat “very seriously”, a well-known American counter-terror expert said today even as the US tried to downplay the terrorist outfit’s capabilities.
“This video, the first from (al-Qaeda leader Ayman Al—Zawahiri) this year should be taken very seriously. Al-Qaeda wants to portray Prime Minister Modi as an enemy of Islam,” ex-CIA analyst Bruce Riedel, who is considered to be one of the US’ top experts on counter-terrorism, told PTI.
“From its base in Pakistan and with its close links to Lashkar-e-Taiba, al-Qaeda is a dangerous menace to India,” Riedel said when asked about the latest video of Zawahiri announcing al-Qaeda’s creation of a new branch for the Indian sub-continent to wage jihad in India, including in Kashmir, Gujarat and Assam, with the goal of establishing a caliphate and impose sharia ranging from Afghanistan to Myanmar.
Zawahiri had announced the new branch of al-Qaeda called “Qaedat al-Jihad in the Indian Subcontinent”, “seeking to raise the flag of jihad, return Islamic rule, and imposing Sharia across the Indian subcontinent,” in the video which was posted on various social media Web sites, including YouTube.
Reiterating that the new Indian government should take the threat very seriously, Riedel said that New Delhi should increase its counter-terrorism co-operation with the US and Afghanistan.
After the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, counter-terrorism cooperation between India and the US has increased significantly.
The US, however, is yet verify the authenticity of the video or the creation of a new wing of al-Qaeda.
“We haven’t been able to verify that yet. Obviously, we’re looking to see if there’s more information we can get about this here,” State Department Deputy Spokesperson Marie Harf told reporters at her daily news conference.
“We also don’t regard this announcement as an indication of any new capabilities by al-Qaeda,” she said.
At the same time, she reiterated that the US remains committed to dismantling al-Qaeda anywhere that it poses a threat to the US and make sure that it doesn’t renew its threat to America.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Maruti Suzuki Ciaz revealed: Prices between Rs 7-10 lakh  launch on Oct 10Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

JP Associates stock tumbles over 14% on buzz of stake saleJP Associates stock tumbles over 14% on buzz of stake sale
Sensex down 99 points; power  auto stocks skidSensex ends 59 points down on weak global cues, selling in blue-chips
PTI/Reuters
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
The benchmark Sensex today fell 59.23 points to end at 27,026.70, its second straight session of decline after logging new highs earlier this week, due to losses in blue-chips, including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Motors, amid a weak global trend.
Domestic stock markets opened on a better note with the 30-share BSE index Sensex touching the day’s high of 27,178.80 points in early trade. It later slipped below the 27,000-mark and touched the day’s low of 26,920.56 before ending at 27,026.70, registering a drop of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent.
Among Sensex 30 components, 17 stocks ended in the negative zone, while 13 closed higher.
On Thursday, the Sensex had lost 54.01 points. It had hit a life high of 27,225.85 and closed at a record peak of 27,139.94 on Wednesday.
Brokers said emergence of selling in stocks that had recently witnessed gains and a weak trend in global markets, led to the fall in major indices today.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also shed 9.1 points or 0.11 per cent to end at 8,086.85. During the session, the Nifty shuttled between 8,122.70 and 8,049.85.
Yesterday, it had fallen by 18.65 points.
Sectoral indices
Among the sectoral indices, the BSE Auto index dropped 0.65 per cent, followed by FMCG 0.32 per cent and Banking 0.3 per cent.
On the other hand, the BSE Realty index surged 1.15 per cent, followed by Capital Goods 0.86 per cent, Metal 0.69 per cent and IT 0.51 per cent, among others.
The BSE Small-cap index advanced 1.25 per cent and Mid-cap index added 0.56 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Asian, European markets
Asian shares and the euro slipped on Friday after the European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Investors await the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe’s main stock markets also dipped in late morning trade today after data showed the 18-nation euro zone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.
The euro was deep in the red on Friday, having suffered its steepest fall in three years after the European Central Bank stunned markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
The aggressive shift sent short-term bond yields into negative territory in Germany, France, the Netherlands and Austria, giving investors an overwhelming incentive to sell euros for higher-yielding assets elsewhere.
That stood in stark contrast to the United States, where upbeat data only reinforced the case for the Federal Reserve to wind down its stimulus, driving the dollar higher and sideswiping oil and gold in the process.
After surging to a 6-1/2 month high on Thursday, European share markets saw some minor profit taking as the US payrolls report loomed large later in the session. London's FTSE 100, the DAX in Frankfurt and CAC 40 in Paris were all around 0.1-0.2 per cent lower but this week's gains - the fourth in a row - took the pan-regional FTSEurofirst 300 index's rise since mid August to over 8 per cent.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Facebook privacy checkup to open for all usersFacebook extends 'privacy checkup' feature to all users
IANS     New York   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 13:25 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Facebook has finally announced the extension of its 'Privacy Checkup' feature to all users.
An alert will pop up on users' news feeds that reminds them to run a quick audit of their privacy settings.
The checkup includes a review of who can see your posts and what apps that connect with Facebook like Candy Crush Saga do.
"We know you come to Facebook to connect with friends, not with us. But we also know how important it is to be in control of what you share and who you share with," Paddy Underwood, Facebook product manager, wrote in a blog post.
The social network will roll out a mobile version of the privacy checkup soon.

Govt approves 7% DA hike; raises it to 107% from July1Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:20 pm
The government on Thursday approved a seven per cent hike in dearness allowance (DA), taking it to 107 per cent of basic pay, a move that will benefit around 30 lakh central employees and 50 lakh pensioners, including dependents.
“The Union Cabinet, chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, today gave its approval for the release of an additional instalment of DA to general government employees and Dearness Relief (DR) to pensioners with effect from July 1, 2014. This is an increase of seven percent over the existing rate of 100 percent of the Basic Pay/Pension, to compensate for price rise,” said a press statement released on Thursday.
The increase is in accordance with the accepted formula, which is based on the recommendations of the 6th Central Pay Commission, it said.
The combined impact on the exchequer on account of both DA and DR would be about Rs 7,691 crore per annum and Rs 5,127 crore respectively in the financial year 2014-2015 (for eight months — July, 2014 to February, 2015), it added.
As per the practice, the dearness allowance is worked out on the basis of 12 month average of Consumer Price Index for Industrial Workers (CPI-IW).
The average rate of retail inflation for industrial workers from July 1, 2013 to June 30, 2014 was 7.25 per cent. Therefore, the central government decided to hike dearness allowance for it employees by 7 per cent.
The previous UPA government had increased DA to 100 per cent from 90 per cent with effect from January 1, 2014, on February 28 on the basis of agreed formula for revision of the allowance.

Country ready to tackle threat from outfits like Al-Qaeda: IAFchiefPrint
IAF Chief Arup Raha. (Source: Express photo)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:13 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 1:49 pm
IAF chief Arup Raha on Friday said there was a threat from terror groups such as Al Qaeda but the country is ready to tackle such outfits.
“There is a threat perception from such agencies but the nation is prepared for it,” he said when asked about the Al-Qaeda threat to start operations in India.
He was talking to reporters on the sidelines of a seminar on the role of Air Force in the 1965 war with Pakistan.
US media and intelligence agencies had said on Thursday that Al-Qaeda has established a new branch to wage jihad in India, revive its caliphate and impose sharia in the Indian sub-continent.
The creation of the group called “Qaedat al-Jihad in the Indian Subcontinent” was announced by Al Sahab, al-Qaeda’s official media outlet, in a lengthy video posted on social media outlets.
Al-Qaeda is active in Afghanistan and Pakistan, but the group’s leader Ayman al Zawahiri said “Qaedat al-Jihad” would take the fight to India, Myanmar and Bangladesh.
Security agencies feel the video could be an attempt by al-Qaeda to carry out fresh recruitments in the sub-continent as it stares at diminishing influence vis-a-vis the ISIS.

Bangladesh scrambles to confront al-QaedathreatPress Trust of India | Dhaka | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:11 pm
Bangladesh has ordered a fresh probe if any local militant outfits have links with al-Qaeda while intelligence agencies brace to confront the latest threat from the group after it established a South Asian wing.
“We’ve learnt that after the message India has issued a red alert. We are also taking the matter seriously,” State Home Minister Asaduzzaman Khan Kamal said yesterday while officials said the intelligence agencies were ordered to check authenticity of al-Qaeda’s latest video message and its possible links with any Bangladeshi outfit.
Kamal, however, did not elaborate immediately saying the government would officially issue a statement on the issueshortly as “we are looking into the al-Qaeda video message. We have been working on curbing militancy for a long time”.
But officials preferring anonymity said immediately after the release of the al-Qaeda video on Wednesday, the police headquarters ordered enhanced surveillance over a dozen ‘madrassas’ or Islamic seminaries which are dominated or run by ultra-right Islamist groups or parties including Jamaat-e-Islami and Hefazat-e-Islam.
The Daily Star newspaper quoting unidentified intelligence officials on Friday reported that despite the security clampdown on Bangladeshi militant outfits and bringing their top leaders to justice over the past several years, “still there were some al-Qaeda followers in Bangladesh”.
These followers, they said, received militant training in Afghanistan and fought for al-Qaeda abroad and they were involved in militancy in the country as well.
Al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahri on Wednesday announced the formation of an Indian branch of his militant group to spread Islamic rule and “raise the flag of jihad” across the subcontinent.
Sixty-three-year-old Zawahri described the formation of “Al-Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent” as “glad tidings” for Muslims “in Burma, Bangladesh, Assam, Gujarat, Ahmedabad, and Kashmir” and added the new wing would rescue Muslims there from “injustice and oppression”.
The latest al-Qaeda message came seven months after Zawahiri in an unconfirmed statement called on Bangladeshi Muslims to launch a “Jihad” against western nations and claimed the country was a victim of plots hatched by Indian agents and Pakistani military.
Several security and political analysts, however, believe Zawahiri’s latest call comes as al-Qaeda’s ageing leaders are struggling to compete for recruits with the Islamic State terror group (IS) which has galvanised young followers around the world by carving out tracts of territory across the Iraq-Syria border.

Free undertrials who have finished half the...You are here: Home > Collections
Release all undertrials who have completed half their term: Supreme Court
ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 12.59AM IST
(Two months' drive, starting…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday ordered a mammoth two-month-long judicial exercise to clear jails of more than two lakh undertrial prisoners, saying that it cannot wait any longer for the government to act.
Those who have spent half the jail terms had they been convicted stand to benefit from Friday's order. The order will not cover those accused of murders and terrorist activities that carry death penalty. It will, however, come to the rescue of prisoners facing trial for offences such as rape, molestation, banditry, robbery and criminal intimidation.
"Because of the inability of the government we are suffering. I don't think we have a ready-made solution. It needs a multi-pronged strategy. The time has come for a concrete resolution," a bench headed by outgoing Chief Justice RM Lodha said. The order came after Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said the law and home ministries were in the process of consulting states on the issue, but urged the court to pass any judicial order facilitating the process.
Justices Kurian Joseph and RF Nariman were the other two judges on the bench that was dealing with a public interest litigation filed by National Panthers Party leader Bhim Singh.
The formal process to release undertrials would commence on October 1, after an identification exercise by local judicial magistrates, the bench said. The magistrates shall send a report of compliance to the registrar generals of the respective high courts, who would in turn report to the Supreme Court secretary general "without delay". At last count, the number of undertrials was double that of convicts. Releasing these people would relieve states of the burden of taking care of them, Justice Lodha said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US $ makes six-year high ahead of payroll figureseuro
(Upbeat data for the world's…)
TOKYO: The dollar soared to a near six-year high against the yen Friday on upbeat expectations for US jobs data , while the euro sank after the European Central Bank launched a surprise round of monetary easing.
The greenback jumped to 105.69 yen in early Asian trade -- its highest level since the depths of the global financial crisis in October 2008 -- before easing slightly to 105.33 yen. However, it was still above the 105.22 yen seen in New York.
The euro, which fell below $1.30 for the first time since July 2013 on Thursday, bought $1.2931 compared with $1.2945 in US trade while it was unchanged at 136.22 yen.
Upbeat data for the world's number one economy have helped boost the dollar recently, with key jobs numbers scheduled for later Friday.
The US currency has also been given a lift against the yen as investors shift out of the euro after the ECB's announcement.
The dollar's rebound to crisis-era levels is psychologically significant, said Junichi Ishikawa, market analyst at IG Securities.
"This will send a signal to the market that further advances in the dollar lie ahead," Ishikawa said.
ECB policymakers on Thursday cut eurozone interest rates to 0.05 per cent from 0.15 per cent and the deposit rate to minus 0.2 per cent from minus 0.1 per cent, meaning lenders will now have to pay more to keep their cash at the central bank.
It also unveiled plans to purchase asset-backed securities to help kick-start lending in the region, which is dogged by the threat of deflation.
"The ECB over-delivered versus consensus market expectations," National Australia Bank said in a note.
Tsuyoshi Hirota, chief manager of the forex department at Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking, said some market players were "taking dollar-buying opportunities ahead of the release of the (US) jobs data" Friday.
"Strong figures are expected, prompting short-term buying," he said of the August employment data.
The US economy's upward momentum has fuelled speculation the Federal Reserve will hike interest rates sooner than later, which would boost the greenback.
On Thursday, the Bank of Japan (BoJ) kept its loose monetary policy in place but held off expanding the programme. It stuck to its rosy view of the world's number three economy despite mounting evidence that an April sales tax hike has stalled growth.
The dollar was mostly higher against other Asia-Pacific currencies. It strengthened to Sg$1.2558 from Sg$1.2518 on Thursday, to 32.11 Thai baht from 32.03 baht, to 1,025.25 South Korean won from 1,018.75 won, and to 43.66 Philippine pesos from 43.57 pesos.
The dollar also rose to Tw$29.94 from Tw$29.90 and to 60.43 Indian rupees from 60.42 rupees, while it edged down to 11,765.00 Indonesian rupiah from 11,766.30 rupiah.
The Australian dollar inched up to 93.41 US cents from 93.38 cents while the Chinese yuan rose to 17.12 yen from 17.09 yen.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Free undertrials who ve served half of maximum term: SC'Release undertrials who have spent half their term'
Agencies  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 12:13 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:49 IST(5/9/2014)
The Supreme Court on Friday ordered overcrowded jails to free all undertrials who have served half their maximum term, a landmark ruling that marks the Narendra Modi government’s first step towards judicial reform.
 
More than two-thirds of India’s nearly four million prisoners are awaiting trial, according to human rights organisation Amnesty International, and many have already spent years in prison.
 
The law says prisoners awaiting trial must be released once they have served half the maximum sentence they would receive if found guilty, but that law is rarely implemented.
 
An apex court bench headed by Chief Justice of India RM Lodha said that prisons must comply with the law and ordered local judges and magistrates to oversee the process. Prisoners serving life terms or slapped with death penalty will, however, not come under the ambit of this new programme, that will be first implemented in Delhi’s Tihar Jail.
 
“Judicial officers shall identify prisoners who have completed half of the maximum period of imprisonment provided for offences they are charged with,” Lodha said. “After completing the procedure they should pass appropriate orders in the jail itself for the release of undertrial prisoners.”
 
The court said the two months’ drive, which will start on October 1, will see a sessions judge and judicial officers subordinate to him visiting jails under their jurisdiction to examine such cases and ordering the undertrials’ release.
 

LT remains top bet among industrials: Anand RathiLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
L&T remains top bet among industrials: Anand Rathi
Amol Rao also believes that the domestic business of Voltas has picked up well and the company’s international business could throw some specific short-term concerns.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Amol Rao, Research Analyst, Anand Rathi Institutional Equities shares his views on the capital goods space.
According to Rao, the current valuations for Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd ( BHEL ) are ahead of the fair valuations. The company may see dry spell in orders for some time in power sector, he adds.
Rao, however, picks  L&T as his best pick from the industrial space. He suggests a target price of Rs 1800/share for the stock.
He further believes that the domestic business of  Voltas has picked up well and the company’s international business could throw some specific short-term concerns. 
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: You were one of the first persons to call a buy on Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (BHEL) when it was trading closer to Rs 100. It has done its run, do you think it is overpriced now, would you be in the sell camp?
A: We think valuations are definitely above fair levels. So in the near-term the company would see some amount of stagnation. The reason we have turned our opinion from positive to negative is because we believe that this price, all the positives are factored in.
However, this company is indicator of a very long tail sector and so, any instrument that has to come would reflect in its financials only two-three years down the line.
You could have an alternative opinion that stock is trading close to bottom valuations from five-six year perspective. That is too long a call to take at this moment and hence we have turned slightly bearish in our opinion.
Q: The EBITDA margins of BHEL in FY14 were at 20-year lows and going forward up till FY17 onwards, we will also see a possible wage revision which could impact the margins and besides that the earning depression that is expected at least for the next two years. What is your sense in terms of at least the margins for BHEL going forward and the impact that it could have on profits, EPS as well as valuations?
A: The EBITDA margins of BHEL are at a decade low but one has to look at things in perspective. In the last decade, BHEL had 90 percent of its order book made up purely of NTPC . Today, it is not more than 60-65 percent.
Secondly, BHEL has a much larger scale than what it had in the decades, 1990 and 2000. So the company has increased its production scale. The wage revision is the phenomenon that occurs every five-seven years and there is nothing one can do about it and till FY17 you could see depressed earnings but all this has been captured in the price.
Sub-15 percent margins, low ROEs and low ROCs till FY17 are fairly in the price right now at around Rs 210-220. The stock is trading just above fair valuations but I don’t think there is any cause of concern in this counter because investors are very well aware of what the problems are and don’t expect any great improvements anytime soon.
Q: We are beginning to see a bit of power sector orders coming in.  Power Grid got one in another space and today we saw Larsen and Toubro (L&T) get one, is the curve turning at all or are these going to be flash in the pan?
A: I think for now these are all flash in the pan. These are all pent up orders, orders that have been stuck over the last two-three years, which due to some issue or the other - either red tape or environment clearances or coal linkages have not been coming into the order books of various companies. It is this demand that will be materialising over the next 12 months and it is this demand that will be driving the order book forward.
However, to have a long-term and sustainable recovery is going to be sometime away. We could see another 12-14 months of a dry order book spell in terms of the large orders, which are in the region of Rs 5,000-6,000 crore. So once that starts, you could probably say that the curve has turned for good but right now this all the pent up demand that is basically materialising in the orders.
RELATED NEWS

Sharda Crop s fabulous profit margin raises doubt: ExpertLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sharda Crop's fabulous profit margin raises doubt: Expert
SCL presents itself as a crop protection chemical company engaged in the marketing & distribution of wide range of formulations and generic active ingredients globally.
Post your opinion here
 
By VS Fernando, IPO Analyst
Sharda Cropchem: Agrochem’s current industry P/E may justify price-band though the ‘marketing’ company’s fabulous profit margin raises doubt.
The IPO
The present IPO is an offer for sale of 2.26 equity shares of Rs 10 each from the company’s existing shareholders: HEP Mauritius Ltd (1.43 crore shares), Sharda Bubna and Ramprakash Bubna (41.17 lakh shares each). The offer is made through book-building route with a price band between Rs 145 and Rs 156. The issue constitutes 25 percent of the capital of the company. Investors should apply for a minimum of 90 shares and multiples of 90 thereafter. Edelweiss Financial Services and IDFC Securities are appointed as book-running lead managers while Edelweiss Securities and Sharekhan are acting as syndicate members.
IPO Object
The main object of Sharda’s IPO is to derive benefits of listing and to carry out the offer for sale by the selling shareholders. In other words, the entire issue premium of over Rs 304 cr would go to the selling shareholders and not the company.
Grading
Being an offer for sale, the IPO has not been graded by any rating agency.
Company Background
Incorporated in March 2004 as Sharda Worldwide Exports Pvt Ltd, the company’s activities were dominated by export-trading till fiscal 2013. The company changed its name to Sharda Cropchem Ltd (SCL) only in September 2013. As regards the people behind SCL, the promoters Sharda Bubna and Ramprakash Bubna claim to have engaged in dealing of dyes and dyes intermediates since late eighties through their proprietary concerns viz. Sharda International (1987) and Bubna Enterprises (1989). The businesses of the proprietary firms were transferred to SCL in April 2004.  
Business profile
SCL presents itself as a crop protection chemical company engaged in the marketing & distribution of wide range of formulations and generic active ingredients globally. The company is also involved in order-based procurement and supply of belts, general chemicals, dyes & dyes intermediates. The company claims, its core strength lies in identifying generic molecules, preparing dossiers and seeking registrations.   
SCL does not have a manufacturing facility of it own even though its net block is valued around Rs 200 cr. According to the company, the ‘net block’ is predominantly of foreign licences for its molecules which are essentially intangible assets. Until fiscal 2013, the company’s revenue was dominated by trading and for the first time in fiscal 2014, manufactured goods-sales overtook trading revenue.  The company claims to get its manufactured goods on job-work basis from third parties.  The company’s entire revenue is derived from exports.
Financial Performance
SCL’s revenue grew from Rs 203 crore (cr) in fiscal 2010 to Rs 556 cr in fiscal 2013. Trading revenue accounted for 81 percent in 2010 which came down to 60 percent in 2013. In fiscal 2014, the top line witnessed a negative growth to Rs 532 cr as trading turnover dropped from Rs 335 cr or 60 percent to Rs 236 cr or 44 percent. However, export of manufactured goods has steadily increased from Rs 38 cr in 2010 to Rs 296 cr in 2014. The company’s net profit has grown from Rs 13.29 cr in 2010 to Rs 84.50 cr in 2014. An interesting aspect of SCL is, though predominantly a trading company, its operating margin is as attractive as 22.5 percent which is more than double of the best in the industry.  
The company’s capital, which was at Rs 1.38 cr in 2004, was enhanced to Rs 15.18 cr in 2007 through a bumper 10:1 bonus issue. Post-bonus, the company made private placements in 2008 thereby enlarging the equity to Rs 18 cr and collected Rs 94 cr premium. In June 2011, it made another bonus issue in the ratio of 4:1 taking the equity to over Rs 90 cr. On the enlarged equity, the EPS worked out to Rs 9.37 for fiscal 2014.  The ten-year old company joined the dividend list in fiscal 2012 (10 percent). For 2013 too, it paid 10 percent which was hiked to 20 percent in fiscal 2014. This worked out to a payout of 21 percent.
Prospects
Even though SCL does not have any manufacturing base, the company is confident of maintaining its growth on the strength of its core competency in registration of molecules, strong sourcing capabilities and global distribution network. The company’s current dividend base itself gives a yield of 1.3 percent on the offer price.
 
Valuation & Perception
Sharda is asking for a valuation of Rs 1300-1400 cr at a price band of Rs 145-156.  The price band gives 15-16 P/E which compares well with the industry peers. At the offer price, SCL’s book value is discounted 2.5 to 2.7 times.  Perhaps, one factor that may weigh against the valuation is the absence of any tangible asset. The non-promoter shareholder whose average cost is less than Rs 70 is offloading his entire holding through the IPO. If the profit margin is so convincing and also if the prospects are so promising, why should the Mauritius shareholder dispose all his holding?
Lead Manager’s Track
For managing the offer for sale, SCL has hired two investment bankers viz. Edelweiss Financial and IDFC Securities whose track record is a mixed bag.  Whereas the two issues managed by IDFC in recent years are currently quoting at a premium, most of the IPOs handled by Edelweiss are languishing below the offer price even in the current boom. The only solace is, Wonderla, lead-managed by Edelweiss in 2014, is currently quoting nearly two and a half times its offer price.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Heartbroken  Kelly Osbourne pays tribute to Joan RiversHeartbroken  Kelly Osbourne pays tribute to Joan Rivers
ITC  Marico  HUL ready to take a bigger bite from the FMCG pieHi Guest
ITC, Marico, HUL ready to take a bigger bite from the FMCG pie
An IIFL Institutional Equities analysis of the FY14 reports of 12 fast-moving consumer goods companies, including ITC, Hindustan Unilever Ltd (HUL), Nestle, Marico, Godrej Consumer and Jyothy Labs (which account for nearly all the top listed firms in this sector) shows some interesting details.   While it is known sales of the entire sector declined in FY14, the balance sheets of these companies have shown a marked improvement, as net working capital fell for nine of the 12 companies ...

Natco Pharma soars 4%  files ANDA for organ rejection drugNatco Pharma soars 4%  files ANDA for organ rejection drug
Blog: PM Narendra Modi s discovery of the worldBlog: PM Narendra Modi s discovery of the world
Flat 15% Off on Books   View All  
Books from all genres
Someone has rightly said, “If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need”. Although we cannot promise you a garden, but books, we can vouch for. We offer our customers a unique reading experience with a lot of books from all genres up for grabs. Whether you like Biographies, Fiction, Non-Fiction, Literature, Children Books, Business & Management Books, or any other genre, we have a treat for book lovers. To make the search easy for you, we have neatly compartmentalized all the books into categories. What’s more, we offer great discounts on many books, so buy as many as you want and build your won library.
You may also like
Product bought(16-10-2012)
Recommended products as you bought ''
Shopping's wide collection of bouquets and arrangements of Roses, Lilies, Orchids, Tulips etc. Home and kitchen include a wide range of items like kitchen cookware, utensils, furnishings, furniture, on highly discounted prices. Jewellery comprises of pendants, rings, bracelets, necklaces, sets, earrings, bangles, in Gold, Diamond, Pearl, Silver, Steel, Artificial jewellery across brands like Asmi, Nakshatra, Sangini, Jagdamba, Gili, D'dmas. Also find great price discounts on Perfumes and Deodorants and a wide range of Beauty and Cosmetic, health and fitness products. Find the largest online bookstore comprising of more than 3 millions books across a wide range of categories from best sellers, fiction, business, to art, religion, health & fitness. Also buy Music, CDROMS and Movies at great discounts. So go ahead and shop to your hearts content with Indiatimes shopping!
X

Kingfisher  Mallya wilful defaultersSave this video
Copy URL
According to sources, United Bank of India has declared Kingfisher Airlines and Vijay Mallya as a wilful defaulters. The bank will now inform RBI on wilful defaulter notice to KFA soon and it will also send notices to KFA and its three directors.
73

DDA launches new housing schemeDDA launches new housing scheme
Sidhartha Roy , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 01, 2014
First Published: 00:56 IST(1/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:12 IST(1/9/2014)
Comments
The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) rolled out its biggest ever housing scheme on Monday. The DDA 2014 housing scheme, which has 25,034 flats on offer, has been officially launched by DDA vice chairman Balvinder Kumar. Sale of forms have started.
The last day of submitting forms is on October 9. "The brochure will also be available for download on our website," Kumar said.
Brochure of forms#DDA housing scheme 2014 can be downloaded from DDA website. Here's the link - http://t.co/B5ia3GlNJ0
— Sidhartha Roy (@Sidhartha80) September 1, 2014
Unlike its previous schemes, forms will not be available at Vikas Sadan this time and will neither be accepted at the DDA headquarter.
Unlike previous schemes where applicants could give a choice of flats in 5 categories/areas, 2014 housing scheme gives only 3 options.
— Sidhartha Roy (@Sidhartha80) September 1, 2014
Video: DDA launches new housing scheme, forms available till October 9
“We didn’t want people to come and queue up at Vikas Sadan and that is why forms will be sold and can be submitted at selected branches of the empanelled banks,” said a senior DDA official.
Though the printing of brochures started a bit late, DDA officials believe it should not pose a problem. “Very few people buy and submit forms in the initial few days and we don’t expect any shortage of brochures.
Also, since the scheme would be open for nearly 40 days, most people don’t prefer to block the Rone lakh of registration fee for a longer duration,” he said.
The largest chunk of the flats — 22,627 out of total 25,034 — are one bedroom units with a drawing room, kitchen and bathroom and located mostly in Dwarka, Rohini and Narela. The price ranges between Rs. 14-22 lakh for the one bedroom flats, Rs. 41-69 lakh for two bedroom flats and Rs. 69 lakh to Rs. 1.2 crore for three bedroom flats. There are also 700 flats for the Economically Weaker Sections that are priced at Rs. 5.87 lakh to Rs. 9.9 lakh.
While the largest chunk of flats are located in Rohini, Narela and Dwarka,  many flats are also located in Jasola, Vasant Kunj, Mukherjee Nagar, Kalyan Vihar and Motia Khan.
The scheme will be open till October 9. Any Indian citizen, who doesn’t own a property in Delhi individually or jointly, is allowed to apply for a flat.
The draw of lots for the scheme is expected to be held between 25 and 31 October and DDA promises to hand over all flats by March 2015. The draw will be held by the Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC), which had held the draw for DDA’s 2010 housing scheme too.
The application form has been kept simple this time and applicants don’t need to provide any documents along with it. However, it is mandatory for applicants to provide their PAN details.

Maruti Suzuki to open bookings for Ciaz from September 3New Delhi, September 2, 2014
Updated: September 3, 2014 19:06 IST
Maruti Suzuki to open bookings for Ciaz from September 3
Yuthika Bhargava
The Hindu The company unveiled Ciaz at the 12th Auto Expo. Photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
automobile
The company claims that Ciaz diesel has a fuel efficiency of 26.21 KMPL
Country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki on Tuesday said it will open bookings for the much-awaited sedan from its stable -- Ciaz -- from tomorrow (September 3)
Ciaz, which will compete with other car models like Honda City and Hyundai Verna, will be available in Petrol and Diesel fuel options.
The company said global launch of Ciaz is planned during the forthcoming festival season.
As per company claims, the Ciaz diesel version has a fuel efficiency of 26.21 kmpl, while petrol delivers a mileage of 20.73 kmpl.
The vehicle, first showcased at the New Delhi Auto Expo ealier this year, is planned to be launched in four trim levels (V, V+, Z and Z+).
Customers can book the Maruti Suzuki Ciaz at company's over 1,370 sales outlets across 1,050 cities with a token advance amount of Rs 21,000.

Modi could do more to curb India inflation: Opinion pollPrime Minister Narendra Modi (file photo)
New Delhi, Sept 4:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has scored high on overall performance during his first three months in office, but many are disappointed with his new administration's efforts to bring down inflation, an opinion poll showed.
The poll conducted by Today's Chanakya, the only pollster that accurately predicted the scale of Modi's election victory in May, showed almost half of the respondents felt the Hindu nationalist leader could have taken more stringent steps to curb inflation.
Modi rose to power with promises of reviving India's flagging economy and reducing prices of essential commodities, but consumer price inflation touched a two-month high of nearly 8 per cent in July while food price inflation neared double digits.
More than two-thirds of those polled said the government's efforts to tackle price rise have remained unchanged or weakened over the last three months, the survey results released in two parts over late Tuesday and Wednesday showed.
Though the Indian economy grew 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter and recorded its strongest growth in 2-1/2 years, analysts say there is little hard evidence to indicate a sustained rebound.
Ratings agency Moody's on Wednesday said any upgrade to India's sovereign rating is limited by the country's fiscal deficit and inflation outlook.
While 41 per cent of the respondents said the economy is back on track, 34 per cent said it is still not out of the woods.
Still, echoing the sentiment of several other recent opinion polls, a large majority of respondents - 66 per cent - said they were satisfied with the new government's performance so far.
On the issue of corruption, that cost Modi's predecessors dearly in the national elections, 54 per cent surveyed expressed confidence the current government can effectively curb graft that plagues Asia's third-largest economy.
Today's Chanakya, part of a family-run research firm started two decades ago in New Delhi, interviewed 6,280 people across 14 Indian cities between August 26 and August 31 for the poll.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Al-Qaeda opens new branch to wage jihad in India  impose sharia lawApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Monsoon rains 24% above average in past weekSep 04, 2014, 06.18 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Monsoon rains 24% above average in past week
The rainfall had been below average for three consecutive weeks to August 27. The rainfall deficit was 22 percent in the previous week.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Monsoon rains 24% above average in past week
The rainfall had been below average for three consecutive weeks to August 27. The rainfall deficit was 22 percent in the previous week.
Post your opinion here
 
Monsoon rainfall was 24 percent above average in the week to September 3, the weather office said on Thursday.
The rainfall had been below average for three consecutive weeks to August 27. The rainfall deficit was 22 percent in the previous week.
The seasonal rainfall during June 1 to September 3 stood at 15 percent below average as monsoon rains revived in many parts of India, narrowing the overall deficit from 18 percent a week ago.
The annual monsoon rains are vital as over half of India's farmlands lack irrigation, and the farm sector accounts for 14 percent of the national economy.
RELATED NEWS

For a second rice revolutionR Gopalakrishnan |  Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 09:48 PM IST
R Gopalakrishnan: For a second rice revolution
Better seeds and cultivation methods can be a game-changer
The last few columns on innovation covered diverse aspects and examples of innovation. The one on public sanitation demonstrated the endless nature of innovation ("'Neat and clean' innovation", April 18), the drama of gas fracking showed how known ideas can coalesce to yield a new idea ("Time, patience & innovation", May 16), the emergence of e-mail showed how many are involved in building the innovation "cathedral", so many that it is unclear who built the cathedral ("The 'I' factor in innovation", June 13), and the connection between foreign direct investment and innovation showed how ideas flow across borders without visas and passports ("Innovation across borders", August 8). As several readers commented, innovation even in very old subjects goes on and on like a spaghetti. This is absolutely true as shown by the example this month of rice.
Rice is the highest produced cereal consumed by human beings. About half of the global population derives its core calorie intake from rice. In Africa, where one in three people depends on rice, the demand for rice is growing at 20 per cent per annum. Rice is a deeply emotional subject all over Asia. Much rice grows in the rich valleys of the Himalayan river systems such as the Ganga, Brahmaputra, Irrawaddy and Mekong. In India, rice connotes religious and spiritual attributes, for example, anna daata and anna praasanam. Even Honda and Toyota, which are car brand names mean rice fields in Japanese. Imagine an Indian car with the brand name Chawal.
Asia grows 90 per cent of the world's rice and the per capita consumption of rice is flat. This means that as the productivity of growing rice improves, the Asian population also increases by the same amount. Rice also consumes a disproportionate amount of water, which is becoming scarce all over the world. So, the world faces a twin challenge with rice: need for higher productivity but using less water.
A revolution in rice production can occur by producing better seeds or through better cultivation methods. The combination can deliver fantastic results. For sure, the world is seeking a second rice revolution.
Seeds: In the 1960s, a revolution in seeds occurred through high yielding varieties, followed by hybrid seeds. Traditional rice is a tall plant with a small grain and lots of body. In strong breeze, the plant sways and loses the grain. To solve the problem, either the root system could be strengthened or the plant could be made short and stocky. The discovery of a "short rice" variety in the fields of Taiwan helped produce dwarf rice on a big scale.
In the journey for better seeds, genetic modification arrived as a technique. Rice is the first cereal whose genome sequence has been cracked by science. Genome is a bit like the book of life. This book is in a language that has only four letters, A, G, C and T. "Codons" are formed by a combination of three of these four letters, each codon determining the building block of proteins. In rice, the genome consists of over 20,000 genes, which means that the code is now known for proteins that are involved in determining all aspects of growth and development. If a scientist wishes to make a drought-resistant rice, he or she knows which paragraph has to be modified or re-written. Likewise, with flood-resistant and salt-resistant rice.
In 2000, Science magazine published a paper about "Golden Rice", a genetically modified rice with beta-carotene (Vitamin A) in the polished grain. With subsequent developments, it is possible to increase up to 23 times the level of this desirable beta carotene; golden rice is now a very potent tool to address the Vitamin A deficiency problem plaguing many parts of the world.
System: Apart from developing new rice varieties and hybrids, the system of growing rice has also attracted innovation. For centuries, the farmer was not too concerned about water or labour intensity. He would plant the seedlings in a nursery. After a few weeks, when the plant is prone to weed attack, he would flood the nursery with water. After the plant's delicate phase concludes, it is replanted into the normal field and tended for the next several weeks. This process has been developed over centuries and is considered robust, but it consumes lots of water and is quite labour-intensive.
In 1961, a Jesuit Father Henri de Laulanie, moved from France to Madagascar to work with the farmers there. He spent the next 34 years working there. In 1981, he established an agricultural school. Through his work and some serendipity, the System of Rice Intensification (SRI), was invented. Whenever such a process is established, discipline and order also contribute to the increased yield. The disciplined and orderly approach, along with a reorganisation of the way resources (rice plant, soil, water and nutrients) are utilised, contributes greatly to the higher yield.
However, the view that there is higher productivity is contested. A group of scientists believes that it is the additional care bestowed that gives more yield and not any science.
It is estimated that globally over five million farmers have already adopted SRI cultivation. In the 50 countries where SRI has been tried, 30-40 per cent saving of water has been demonstrated. Due to better husbanding of resources, the yield per hectare has doubled. SRI has thus become a poster boy for "more from less" and can justifiably claim to be a "climate-friendly, green rice." Imagine the potential of such rice to save water and to deliver the marketing position of being an environment-friendly rice. In the consumer atmosphere of a rapidly urbanising India, this holds promise.
ITI and ATI: Over the years, like other agencies, Rallis India has deployed agricultural training institutes (ATIs), somewhat akin to the industrial training institutes (ITIs) for industrial skills training. The company experience has pointed to the need for skill training in agriculture just like unskilled industrial labour is prepared for industrial work in an automated factory. Here are the early lessons: first, an attitudinal and habit shift in the farming technique is required of the farmer; second, SRI involves skills in using mechanised transplanters (unskilled farm labour cannot implement SRI), so an intense re-skilling of the farmer is essential. Third, the package of practices must be closely taught by the SRI-promoting agency. The yield increases only with a confluence of all the factors of production.
However, whether with genetically modified seeds or SRI cultivation, the path to paradise is strewn with purgatory and pain. But this is true of all innovation, is it not?
The writer is Director, Tata Sons

Coal strike threat to Indian power sectorSeptember 4, 2014 10:29 pm
Coal India strike threat raises fuel shortage fears
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/409f8bd4-342d-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Teachers  Day: Unfazed by criticism  PM Modi set to address students across the country todayUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be addressing students across the country on Friday afternoon on the occasion of Teachers' Day. The Human Resources Development Ministry notice directing a mandatory audience for the PM's speech has sparked off that row even as the BJP hit back at critics.
The idea was that Modi's interaction would be shown to kids across the country through television and even webcast. But students are not too pleased because they will have to stay back till 5 pm on Friday while schools on September 5 generally wrap up by noon. But some are also excited about the opportunity to interact directly with the PM.
Many schools have given a leeway to junior students and those living in far off areas don't have to attend the address. Some schools have even changed their timings.
To ensure wider reach of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's interaction with school students, the address will be streamed live on YouTube. The speech will also be broadcast live on DD news and Modi will personally address 1,000 students at Delhi's Manekshaw Auditorium.
A selected few students will get to ask nearly 15 to 20 questions to the Prime Minister depending on how long the Q&A session will last. The entire session will start at 3 pm and will go on till 4:45 pm.
Sources in the HRD Ministry say no private school has formally complained or refused to comply so far. But states like West Bengal are objecting. Some schools in Tamil Nadu, too, have said that they will not toe the HRD Ministry's directive .
The BJP though has slammed the politicisation of PM's speech. "Former Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru's birth anniversary is celebrated as Children's Day in India. If that is not considered politics, then why is Modi's Teacher's Day speech being considered as one," BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi asked.

Joan Rivers Made Death Jokes before SurgeryJoan Rivers Made Death Jokes before Surgery
L&T secures Rs5 100 crore power plant order from MP state utilityL&T secures Rs5 100 crore power plant order from MP state utility
Market trim early gains; Nifty holds 8 100SI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 10:40 AM IST
Market trim early gains; Nifty holds 8,100
Infosys was among the top Nifty gainers after the order win from BP
Markets came off their day's highs after the first hour of trade as investors booked profits at higher levels. However, IT majors continued to trade firm after a large order win by Infosys.
At 10:40AM, the 30-share was up 28 points at 27,114 after hitting an intra-day high of 27,179 and the 50-share Nifty was up 9 points at 8,105 after touching a high of 8,123.
The rupee is trading at 60.39 compared to its previous close of 60.36. However, gains in the domestic share market may, however, limit a sharp fall in the rupee.
In the Sensex pack, Infosys was up 1%, after rising nearly 2% in early trades, following the order win from BP. Wipro and TCS were up 0.7-1% each.
L&T was up 1.2% following an order worth Rs 5100 Crore Supercritical Power Plant Order from MP State Utility.
Oil stocks firmed up with GAIL, Reliance Industries and ONGC were up 0.5-2% each.
Among other shares, JP Associates has extended losses for the second consecutive day and has dipped by over 10% at Rs 33.75 after Jaypee Infra Ventures sold over 13 million shares on the National Stock Exchange on Thursday. The stock has dropped nearly 30% in the last two sessions.
Union Bank of India has gained nearly 2% to Rs 215 after the company plans to raise Rs 1,386 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP) this financial year, its chairman and managing director Arun Tiwari said.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index was up 0.7% and the Small-cap index was up 1%.
The market breadth continued to remain strong with 1,473 gainers and 802 losers on the BSE.
___________________________________
(Updated at 9:35AM)
Markets continued to trade higher with the Nifty trading above 8,100 led by IT shares after a huge order win by Infosys.
9:35AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 69 points at 27,155 and 50-share Nifty was up 20 points at 8,116.
Meanwhile, foreign investors continued to remain buyers having bought stocks worth Rs 1,698 crore, as per provisional stock exchange data.
On the global front, Asian shares trimmed early gains. Japan's Nikkei and Shanghai Composite were trading 0.3% higher. However, Hang seng was down 0.4% and Singapore's Straits Times was trading lower by 0.5%.
US stocks ended lower on Thursday as profit taking in oil shares pared intra-day gains after the European Central Bank lowered its key policy rate. Further, US initial jobless claims rose to 302,000 last week, data showed.
The Dow Jones ended down 0.05% at 17,069.58, the broader S&P 500 closed 0.15% down at 1,997.65 and the tech-laden Nasdaq ended down 0.22% at 4,562.29.
Among the Sensex gainers, Infosys was up 1.5% after it signed a five-year group-wide IT outsourcing services contract with BP (formerly British Petroleum).
The Indian rupee was trading lower at Rs 60.43 compared to the previous close of Rs 60.36. On Thursday, the rupee had closed at one-month high of 60.36 paise, up 13 paise against the dollar on sustained selling of the US currency by exporters and some banks amid heavy capital inflows.
Infosys was up 2% at Rs 3790 on the BSE in the early morning trades after the company signed a five-year group-wide IT outsourcing services contract with BP (formerly British Petroleum). TCS and Wipro were up over 1.1% each.
Larsen & Toubro was up 1.7% after the engineering major won a Rs 5100 Crore Supercritical Power Plant Order from MP State Utility, 1320 MW Plant to be executed on EPC Basis Under Stringent Schedule
In the banking pack, ICICI Bank, SBI and Axis Bank were up 0.5-0.8% each.
Other Sensex gainers include, Sun Pharma, Tata Motors, Hindalco and Cipla among others.
HDFC was the top Sensex loser down 1.3% while ITC, Hero MotoCorp, Coal India and Tata Power were down on profit taking.
 
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were up over 0.7% each.
Market breadth was strong with 1,511 gainers and 413 losers on the BSE.
 Advertisements

Nifty holds 8100; LT  ONGC lead; HDFC under pressureSep 05, 2014, 10.54 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty holds 8100; L&T, ONGC lead; HDFC under pressure
The broader markets outperformed benchmarks with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices advancing 0.7 percent and 0.9 percent, respectively. About two shares advanced for every share declining on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty holds 8100; L&T, ONGC lead; HDFC under pressure
The broader markets outperformed benchmarks with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices advancing 0.7 percent and 0.9 percent, respectively. About two shares advanced for every share declining on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
10:55am Market Expert
Indian equities are not overvalued at this point and the Nifty could touch 9000 by March, feels Vibhav Kapoor, group Chief Investment Officer, IL&FS.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Kapoor says global equities in general are in a sweet spot, and even if the Fed were to hike rates, liquidity flows to emerging market would not impacted in a big way.
Kapoor feels some capital goods shares are expensive at current levels, but he is bullish on Larsen and Toubro if the economy can sustain the pace of recovery seen in the first quarter.
10:25am Infosys on buyers' radar
Shares of Infosys gain a percent as investors celebrate clenching its first big deal under new leadership of Vishal Sikka. The IT firm bagged five-year deal worth USD 500 million with BP.
As per the agreement, Infosys will provide IT services across BP's operations, including corporate functions, upstream, and downstream segments, energy trading and marketing in Houston, Texas, UK, Azerbaijan, Angola, Brazil and Singapore.
JP Morgan maintains overweight rating on Infosys with a December 2015 price target of Rs 3900, stating that the recent management change has potentially delayed revenue growth recovery but has also brought much-needed visibility.
10:00am Equity benchmarks continued to trade with marginal gains with the Sensex rising 30.38 points to 27116.31 and the Nifty gaining 11.80 points to 8107.75 supported by technology, oil & gas and metals stocks.
The broader markets outperformed benchmarks with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices advancing 0.7 percent and 0.9 percent, respectively. About two shares advanced for every share declining on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
 
NMDC topped the buying list in Nifty 50, up nearly 3 percent followed by ONGC, Infosys, DLF and GAIL with more than a percent gain.
Larsen and Toubro climbed over a percent too on getting a turnkey order for setting up a 2X660 MW supercritical thermal power project at Shree Singaji TPP on a complete engineering-procurement-construction basis from the state utility MP Power Generating Company. The company said the order, which is valued over Rs 5,100 crore, demands stringent completion schedule of 43/47 months (first unit/second unit).
However, HDFC, Coal India, Bharti Airtel, BHEL, Hero Motocorp, United Spirits and BPCL lost 1-2 percent.
09:12

RBIs norms will reduce waiting time for loa...You are here: Home > Collections
Reserve Bank of India’s new norms will shorten your wait for loan approval
ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 11.21AM IST
(The guidelines on fair practices…)
MUMBAI: Soon, you will not have to wait endlessly for your bank to communicate its decision on your loan proposals.
The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) recent diktat to banks asking them to clearly indicate the timelines for disposing of loan applications will come into effect within a month, paving the way for quicker processing of loan applications.
Remember, this does not mean that your loan will be sanctioned in the specified time frame — the bank has to take a call on approving or rejecting the proposal within this period.
The guidelines on fair practices code for lenders require banks and financial institutions to devise a system of acknowledging receipt of all loan applications.
"Time frame within which loan applications up to Rs 2 lakh will be disposed of should also be indicated in acknowledgement of such applications," it states. So far, this was applicable only to loans with ticket size of up to Rs 2 lakh. Now, it has been extended to all loan applications. The time lines for conveying decisions on loan applications will have to be displayed at bank branches, websites and so on.
"Applicants will now at least be sure as to by what time they can expect the sanction and this will certainly help them plan accordingly. Even if the loan is not to be sanctioned, the bank will have to inform the applicant within the specified time frame. This will enable them to look for alternative sources of finance," says VN Kulkarni, chief credit counsellor with the Bank of India-backed Abhay Credit Counselling Centre. This will be of help to home loan borrowers who have to put up with delays while finalising the purchase of a house they may have identified. Similarly, businesses of small and medium enterprises will not have to suffer due to delays in loan processing.
Do note that the code of commitment to customers adopted voluntarily by banks already stipulates the time frame for loan applications with a ticket size of up to `. 20 lakh, too. As per this code, banks are required to communicate their decision on loan application for a ticket size of up . 20 lakh within 30 working to ` days from the date of receipt.
At your end, it is important to ensure that you have taken all steps to facilitate quicker processing and approval. For instance, make sure you go through the checklist of documents required by the bank and submit them along with the loan application. This will facilitate speedy decision on your proposal. "This is important because even though banks will have to specify a timeline for disposal, there will be a rider stating 'provided all necessary papers are submitted and time frame starts from receipt of all papers'," says Kulkarni.
Likewise, make sure you provide all your personal and financial information correctly.
Then, there are other steps that you can take to aid quicker processing of loan proposals. "For instance, say you have applied for a loan against property and you have rented out the place. You need to inform the tenants well in advance of likely visit of bank officials for verification. This will ensure that they co-operate with the officials, eliminating need for further visits, thus expediting the process," says Sukanya Kumar, co-founder and director, retaillending.com, a loan consultancy portal.
If, despite all these steps taken by you, the bank decides to reject your application, ensure that you are apprised, in writing, of the reasons for rejecting of your loan application. This provision, too, is part of the banks' code of commitment to customers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kal Cables gets relief from Madras HCBS Reporter |  Chennai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:47 AM IST
Maran family's Kal Cables gets relief from Madras HC
Court sets aside I&B Ministry's order cancelling the operators's license
The Madras High Court today set aside the Information & Broadcasting Ministry's order that had asked Maran family-run Kal Cables to cut its signal from midnight today. 
 
After hearing arguments, Justice V Ramasubramanian today said that the company should be given a chance to reply and the Ministry can take action only if it is not satisfied with the reply. 
 
The court said that Kal Cable is only a distributor and not the broadcaster. So if the license has to be cancelled on security reasons, which have been cited by the Ministry, then the broadcaster's license should have been cancelled.
 
On August 20, the Ministry of Information & Broadcasting ordered cancellation of Kal Cables' license and gave it 15 days time to cut its signal. The Home Ministry said in view of denial security clearance by the I&B regular registration cannot be granted to Kal Cables. It added that as per rules permanent registration granted to Kal Cables Pvt Ltd stands cancelled.
 
The MSO operator challenged this order in the Madras High Court, claiming that it was not given an opportunity to present its case.
 
Last week, when the matter came up for hearing, the Ministry of Home Affairs told the Court that it will submit a report on the reasons behind the cancellation. G Rajagopal, the Additional Solicitor General of India, early this week submitted a “confidential” report to the Court. 
 
During the argument early this week, he said, that the Ministry had taken the decision in the interest of national security, economy interest and fare competition. 
 
"We don't know what is in the report (submitted by the Ministry of Home Affairs early this week on why Kal Cables was not given license), we don't know what is the threat proposition,” said Senior Counsel P S Raman, who appeared for Kal Cables.
He said if the clearance was not given because of Marans, then the action is questionable.
Raman argued that Kalanithi Maran had resigned from Kal Cables as Chairman and Director in September 2009, while his younger brother Dayanidhi resigned as the Director when he became Union Minister in 2004. It may be noted, a charge sheet has been filed against both the brothers on Aircel-Marxis deal.
 
"None of the management representatives, board members or shareholders are facing any legal issues, no FIRs are filed, no criminal proceedings or complaints are against them,” said Raman, who said that 75% of the shareholding of Kal Cables is held by Mallika Maran and balance 25% by DK Enterprise, a private entity.
 
He also argued that the company is not running any satellite channel nor is it into transmission. “We (Kal Cables) are doing last mile connectivity,” Raman said.
Kal Cables, a leading multi-service operator (MSO) in Chennai is run by Maran family. While Marans-run DK Enterprises holds around 25% in the company, the rest is held by Former Union Commerce Minister and DMK Leader Murasoli Maran's wife Mallika Maran.
 Advertisements

Is Ranjit Sinha s wife behind mysterious  th...Could CBI chief Ranjit Sinha's wife be behind mysterious 'third register'?
By Deeptiman Tiwary, TNN | 5 Sep, 2014, 11.40AM IST
Sources in CBI and ITBP indicated that the purported "third diary" could have only been an unofficial log kept at the instance of Sinha's wife.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Has CBI chief Ranjit Sinha landed in a soup because of his wife's insistence on having an idea of who all visited their sprawling residence? Sinha has claimed that there are two diaries at his residence which record his movement and that of the security detail and he has no knowledge of a third one which has been circulating with names of people visiting him.
Sources in CBI and ITBP indicated that the purported "third diary" could have only been an unofficial log kept at the instance of Sinha's wife — something which can help the CBI chief dispute the claims about his visitors.
Sources said there was a strong possibility that the diary was being maintained by Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) sentries on an informal request from Sinha's wife. Sinha headed the force before being appointed CBI chief and is guarded by ITBP jawans due to perceived threat on his life.
An ITBP officer told TOI, "It is true that Sinha's wife had made a request for keeping an eye on visitors. Though no one was asked to maintain a diary, it is possible that someone took the instruction too seriously and decided to log all the visits. The request too was made because a stream of unwanted people were visiting the CBI director and his wife wanted some filtering. Jawans were asked to inform before letting anyone enter, that's all."
Delhi Police is also deployed at 2, Janpath, which has now been designated the official residence of the CBI chief. Sources said the ITBP, which guards the outer perimeter, was asked to keep an eye on visitors perhaps because some of the paramilitary troopers had been with the family since Sinha's ITBP days.
The indication that there was nothing official about the diary could work to Sinha's advantage because there is no corroborative evidence to dispute his claim that most of the purported entries are fake. Independent circles also doubt that he could have found time to host some individuals as frequently as 90 times and, in some other cases, 50 times over a 15-month period.
On Thursday, Sinha was quoted by media as saying, "There are two official diaries with me. I don't know from where this third diary has emerged. In one diary, my movement is recorded as I am a 'Z'-level protectee. In the other diary, Delhi Police officers record checks on the guards stationed there. Visitor names are never recorded in any diary. The guards at the gate only call on the intercom and check with me when a visitor is there. If such a visitor's register is maintained, there should be some signature on it, of Delhi police, CBI or the visitor. Is it there?"

Tribal students from Maoist-hit Dantewada to interact live with ModiComments
For 15 tribal students in strife-torn Dantewada district of south Chhattisgarh, Teachers' Day will be different on Friday. They will directly interact with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday.
Some of these students, from Class 5 to Class 12, also happen to be victims of the Maoist violence, HT has learnt. They have being taken through the ropes of video conferencing for the last couple of days to participate in the interactive session with Modi.
 
Dantewada, about 400 km south of Raipur, is the only district selected in the state — where the BJP is in power — for the interaction. 
 
The government of India officials have already carried out few trial rounds and cited the preparation as most satisfactory among the seven districts from where students will  be interacting with the PM.
 
“We got an email of appreciation that our preparation has been far better than the other districts. The light, sound, battery back-up arrangement and other things have been thoroughly checked by the GoI officials and they appeared much satisfied,” Dantewada collector KC Devasenapathi said.
 
The principals of different schools in the district were asked to select two students for the event. “The 15 tribal students are quite excited and looking forward to the session. They are good in communication and speak English,” the collector said.
 
Meanwhile the HT has accessed the circular issued by the school education department. It has directed the officials to ensure the schools have television sets or radios and even put to use the internet for live streaming of Modi’s speech.
 
The circular has been issued to all district collectors, chief executive officers of district panchayats and the district education officers. They have been directed to conduct the school hours on Friday from 11 am to 5 pm. For emergency situation arising out of power-cut or interruption, the circular further instructs to keep generators or invertors ready. All 224 centres connected with Education Satellite (Edusat) have been technically examined and tested for live telecast of the programme. 
 
Chief minister Raman Singh has appealed for the maximum participation of students and teachers during the telecast of the PM’s speech.
 
Interestingly, the government has instructed all concerned officials to mail or fax their reports about the programme from respective districts by evening. “Everything will be monitored", a school principal who did not want to be named said.

Jyoti at 20% upper circuit; JV gets largest hydel orderSep 05, 2014, 11.45 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Jyoti at 20% upper circuit; JV gets largest hydel order
The Gujarat-based hydro turbines and generators manufacturer's JV with Megha Engineering & Infrastructure has won a 5-year deal from Narmada Nigam for EPC of civil, electro-mechanical and hydro-mechanical works including operations and maintenance for Saurashtra Branch Canal Project in Mehsana district.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jyoti at 20% upper circuit; JV gets largest hydel order
The Gujarat-based hydro turbines and generators manufacturer's JV with Megha Engineering & Infrastructure has won a 5-year deal from Narmada Nigam for EPC of civil, electro-mechanical and hydro-mechanical works including operations and maintenance for Saurashtra Branch Canal Project in Mehsana district.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Jyoti hit 20 percent upper circuit at Rs 79.30 per share on Friday, riding on the largest hydel order received by it till date.
The Gujarat-based hydro turbines and generators manufacturer's JV with Megha Engineering & Infrastructure has won a 5-year deal from Narmada Nigam for EPC of civil, electro-mechanical and hydro-mechanical works including operations and maintenance for Saurashtra Branch Canal Project in Mehsana district. 
The Jyoti's portion in the order is worth around Rs 100 crore for supply of electro-mechanical equipment, the company said. Power produced from these plants will offser power required for canal operation to some extent.
Currently, Jyoti has pending orders of Rs 900 crore.
At 11:21 hrs Jyoti was quoting at Rs 79.30, up Rs 13.05, or 19.70 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Nasrin Sultana

Image-sharing service Twitpic to shut down  blames legal threat from TwitterUrgent aid needed. Help Now
San Francisco: The photo-sharing service Twitpic announced Thursday it was shutting down, saying it faced an ultimatum from Twitter to abandon its trademark or lose access to the messaging service.
Twitpic, launched in 2008, allowed users to post photographs on the messaging platform before Twitter adding its own photo-sharing option in 2011.
Twitpic founder Noah Everett said the demand from Twitter came as a surprise, and that he had no option other than to end the service.
Twitpic said it faced an ultimatum from Twitter to abandon its trademark or lose access to the messaging service.
"A few weeks ago Twitter contacted our legal demanding that we abandon our trademark application or risk losing access to their API," he said, referring to the application programming interface.
"This came as a shock to us since Twitpic has been around since early 2008, and our trademark application has been in the (US patent office) since 2009."
In his blog post, Everett said, "Unfortunately we do not have the resources to fend off a large company like Twitter to maintain our mark, which we believe wholeheartedly is rightfully ours. Therefore, we have decided to shut down Twitpic."
In 2011, Twitter allowed users to directly upload pictures as part of their tweets, dealing a setback to third-party services such as Twitpic.
Twitpic said its service would end September 25, but would allow its users to export their own pictures and videos.
Twitpic is shutting down, read our blog for more info http://t.co/7QZJTjKikM - Please retweet

Gold futures decline to Rs 27 419 on global cuesGold futures decline to Rs 27,419 on global cues
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
Gold prices fell 0.15 per cent to Rs 27,419 per 10 grams at the futures trading today as speculators trimmed positions, tracking a weak global trend.
On the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in October declined by Rs 42 or 0.15 per cent to Rs 27,419 per ten gram in a business turnover of 230 lots.
Similarly, the metal for delivery in far-month December traded lower by Rs 36 or 0.13 per cent to Rs 27,599 per ten gram in two lots.
Analysts attributed the fall in gold futures to a weak global trend as the dollar strengthened before data that may back the case for the Federal Reserve to raise the borrowing costs at a time when the European Central Bank boosts stimulus.
Meanwhile, gold fell 0.3 per cent to $1,257.36 an ounce, the lowest level since June 10 in Singapore.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Doval to visit Beijing next week ahead of Xis India tripDoval to visit Beijing next week ahead of Xi’s India trip
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Sept 5:  
National Security Advisor Ajit Doval will visit Beijing next week for talks with Chinese leaders ahead of President Xi Jinping’s visit to India later this month.
During his three—day visit starting from September 8, Doval would hold talks with Yang Jiechi, the Chinese State Councillor, officials here said.
He is also later expected to call on Xi.
Doval and Yang are also Special Representatives for the India—China border talks.
However, Doval’s visit is part of preparations for Xi’s visit to India expected to take place in the third week of this month and not connected with the border talks, officials told PTI.
This is Doval’s first visit to China after he succeeded Shivshankar Menon.
Both countries are currently making hectic preparations for Xi’s first visit to India after he took over as president last year.
Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman just concluded a three—day visit this week during which she held talks with her Chinese counterpart Gao Hucheng to discuss issues relating to Chinese plans to establish industrial parks in India as well as to take part in the modernisation of Indian railways expected to be announced by Xi during his visit.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Crude oil prices down in AsiaCrude oil prices down in Asia
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Sept 5:  
Oil prices fell in Asia today as dealers digested a mixed US inventory report and a new round of interest rate cuts by the European Central Bank, while keeping a watch on the Ukraine conflict.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude for October delivery fell 12 cents to $94.33, while Brent crude for October delivery eased 12 cents to $101.71.
Sanjeev Gupta, head of the Asia-Pacific oil and gas practice at business consultancy EY, said oil prices were “see-sawing” as dealers tracked simultaneous upside and downside factors.
US crude reserves in the United States in the week to August 29 fell 900,000 barrels, the Energy Information Administration had said yesterday, close to analysts’ expectations.
However, a 0.2 percentage point drop in refinery usage to 93.3 per cent of total capacity signalled tepid demand in the world’s top crude consumer after the end of the summer driving season.
The European Central Bank’s (ECB) surprise move on Thursday to introduce a new round of interest rate cuts “boosted the US dollar and capped the gains of benchmark oil prices”, Gupta said.
An advance in the greenback makes dollar-priced oil and commodities more expensive for buyers using weaker currencies, denting demand and pushing prices lower.
Elsewhere, signs of a resolution to the months-long Ukraine crisis are providing support to oil prices, analysts said, with hopes that the end of fighting will result in resurgent energy demand.
Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko had yesterday voiced “careful optimism” that peace talks on the conflict with pro-Kremlin rebels would produce a ceasefire in a civil war that has cost some 2,600 lives.
Western leaders have gathered in Britain for a NATO summit. This has kept up pressure on Russia for its support of the rebels and warned of more sanctions against Moscow despite the possibility of a ceasefire deal.
The conflict is closely watched by crude investors as Russia is the number-two oil producer in the world, and Ukraine is a key conduit for Moscow’s gas exports to Europe.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Changing Kaya s positioning was a mistake: Marico ChairmanAjita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 11:54 IST
Marico Chairman Harsh Mariwala. (Photo: Nishikant Gamre)
Marico chairman Harsh Mariwala decided to de-merge his Rs 366.8 crore retail wellness brand, Kaya, from the flagship company last year. The decision, he says, has paid off. Marico Kaya Enterprises has finally made profits since its launch in 2002. In a conversation with Ajita Shashidhar, Mariwala talks about the Kaya strategy and the lessons learnt from the mistakes the company made in the past. Excerpts:
Q-What was the idea behind de-merging Kaya and listing it as a standalone entity?
A- You have to see holistically both from a Marico as well as Kaya point of view. In the initial phases Kaya was part of Marico and as Marico grew, Kaya also grew. We realised that the skills needed to manage a services business are different from the skills needed to manage an FMCG brand . The mindset in selling consumer goods with huge advertising budgets is very different from managing Kaya. At Kaya, we interact directly with customers, versus Marico where we don't meet the customers. We meet the trade and the supply chain is through the trade. Customer experience was very important for Kaya, it wasn't important for Marico. Cost consciousness, having an entrepreneurial kind of a drive because of the small business, is very important to Kaya. So, we realised that. At the same time, Marico had three different businesses -- the international business, domestic business and Kaya. So, we started seeing synergies between international and domestic businesses in terms of supply chain synergy, marketing synergy. At one level we said that we will blend, then Kaya was standing alone, not really fitting into Marico's structure. So, we decided to spin off Kaya into a separate subsidiary.
Also, since there was big brother Marico taking care of the financials, that much pressure wasn't there on Kaya in terms of taking care of financial performance. If we made them stand alone then there is nobody to support them. We felt that would energise the company from an employees' point of view. We also felt that if Kaya gets listed it will be an opportunity for Kaya employees to belong to a company which has a separate identity and image than Marico. All this has materialised over the last one year. We have been able to turnaround the business. We are getting extra visibility, at least in the capital markets. I think it has been a good decision. Separately, combining Marico's international and domestic business has paid off good dividends.
Q- Kaya, at the time of launch, was positioned as a dermatological-led skin 'cure' services brand. You then went on to reposition it as a skin care service brand wherein you offered regular skin management services such as facials and so on. Today, you have once again gone back to your original positioning of 'cure'. What has been the learning?
A- Looking back, the change in positioning was a mistake. We should have stuck to the positioning. If you look at my own history, I haven't changed positioning of anything. Parachute stands for nourishment, Saffola stands for heart care. Kaya wasn't doing well and in frustration I decided to change the positioning. When the business is not doing well, you tend to get certain ideas which you think will lead you to profitability, but you tend to overlook the fundamentals. We thought that by going to the care mode, we will get a lot more customers and they in turn will go into the cure mode. A lot of our advertising went towards pushing our skin care positioning and  'cure' suffered. Even the doctors in the clinic were not feeling belonged.
Changing the positioning was a wrong decision, but luckily it didn't happen for a very long time, so we could easily shift back to cure, which was our original DNA.
Q- Did the change in strategy lead to closing down of stores?
A- No, it didn't. The focus went back to investing in technology for 'cure' and marketing those newer initiatives. Now the 'care ' services continue but what gets promoted and invested is in the 'cure' part. So, the doctors are feeling far more energised, the business has become much stronger.
Q- What percentage of revenue comes from 'cure'?
A- Two years back the 'care' services contributed more than 60 per cent of the revenue, now it's the other way round. What happens in care is that you think you are offering better facials but the customer experience here is quite different from what you get in a conventional salon or spa. We don't really pamper them with a massage. Our services are more about safety and efficacy than pampering.
Q- What kind of investment have you made in technology after your shift back to the 'cure' positioning?
A- We have invested in laser hair removal, pigmentation through Q Switched machines, in skin-tightening and anti-ageing solutions, in platelet reducing plasma and so on.
Q-What's the way forward for Kaya?
A- We have 87 clinics in India and 26 outside, and the plan is to add another 10-15 clinics in India a year and two-three clinics a year overseas. We have prototyped what we call Kaya Skin Bar last year, we will scale that up too. Kaya Skin Bar is a product-only format. We have three stores in Bangalore. It is a smaller footprint than Kaya (150 sq.ft. to 300 sq.ft. of retail space. This will enable us to engage with our customers at multiple touch points. We also hope to scale up this model much faster as being a product-only model it provides you opportunity to look at franchisee as an option to scale. By the end of the year we are planning at least 10 Kaya Skin Bars.
Q- Are you looking to enter newer verticals under Kaya? You launched the fitness brand Kaya Life which you withdrew. What went wrong there?
A- There is lot of scale up to be done in Kaya itself. Kaya Life was more to do with lifestyle change, one needs to diet, exercise, unlike competition which had a more passive weight loss reduction model through machines. That actually gives short-term benefits and the consumer is also looking for quick solutions. For those who were willing to regulate their diet and exercise, it had good traction, but that was not critical mass. I had personally spent lot of energy in developing Kaya Life, but unfortunately it didn't work.
Q- What are your revenue goals?
A- We hope to grow by at least 20 per cent year on year.

L&T wins over Rs 5 100 cr order from Madhya Pradesh utilityL&T wins over Rs 5 100 cr order from Madhya Pradesh utility
Inviting BJP to form Delhi govt  against the spirit of constitution: AAPPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 10:59 AM IST
Inviting BJP to form Delhi govt, against the spirit of constitution: AAP
Earlier on Thursday, the Lieutenant Governor denied taking any decision on government formation in Delhi
With the LG planning to call the single largest party to form the government in Delhi, the AAP today launched a scathing attack on Najeeb Jung accusing him of promoting 'horse-trading'.
 
"Media reports clearly signal that Lt Governor of Delhi is promoting horse trading. President should not allow him and BJP to play with democracy. It will be a rape of Constitution if a party which has refused to form government once, is invited to form the Govt," senior AAP leader and party's Delhi convenor Ashutosh tweeted.
 
"I hope Lt Governor remembers that letter of refusal written by (then BJP Chief Ministerial candidate) Harsh Vardhan. If he does not have, then AAP can pass it to him. How can Lt Governor invite a party to form the govt which has in writing refused to from govt. BJP did this in December," he said.
 
Ashutosh said former President K R Narayanan had set a precedent that the party which had proof of majority will only be invited to from the government.
 
"AAP will request President Pranab Mukherjee to not let Delhi Assembly be made a floor for horse trading. President K R Narayanan has set the precedent long back. As per him, party which claims majority should have proof of majority support.
 
"Constitutionally minority government can't be formed. No party can be allowed to form government without submitting proof of majority support in Assembly," he tweeted.
 
Expressing his discontent, senior party leader and AAP MLA Manish Sisodia also said that the act was against the spirit of Constitution.
 
BJP is likely to be invited to form a government in Delhi with Jung sending a report to the President seeking permission to call the single largest party to take a shot at power though it is well short of majority in the Assembly.
 Advertisements

Employees are making a killing on unlisted shares | Markets in redEmployees make big bucks from share sales as HNIs hunt for sunrise sectors
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 12.30PM IST
(With the emergence of wealth…)
MUMBAI: Big bucks from share sales are not just made in the stock market. Employees, especially those working for financial services and ecommerce companies, have started making a killing though their companies are not yet listed.
In the past few months, shares of some of India Inc's biggest financial services firms have changed hands in off-market deals as high net worth individuals and brokers chase investment opportunities in companies with a high probability of listing within the next three years.
Traditionally, an employee or a small shareholder of an unlisted company had limited options in case of an exit. They could wait for an IPO or sell it back to the management in case there was a buyback arrangement.
With the emergence of wealth management firms and the rise in the number of high net worth individuals, these options have increased. The trend, which began with financial services companies, is now extending to ecommerce firms such as Snapdeal.
"In the unlisted space, there's a huge appetite among HNIs to own firms that are not represented in the listed space," says Rajesh Cheruvu, chief investment officer, RBS Private Banking.
HNIs Hunting in Sunrise Sectors
Anshu Kapoor, head of private wealth management at Edelweiss Capital, says many HNI family offices are scouting for opportunities in sunrise sectors such as mobile applications, healthcare and telecom.
A look at some recent deals shows employees and other residual shareholders of financial services companies to be among the big beneficiaries. For instance, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance had offered Esops in various tranches of Rs 30, Rs 42, Rs 70 and Rs 130 in 2005-09. These shares have now changed hands at Rs 210-225 giving a 300% return to the selling employees.
Shares of Kolhapur-based Ratnakar Bank were recently sold at Rs 170, a 209% gain for employees who bought at Rs 52-55. In March, private equity fund CDC acquired a 4.8% stake in the lender at Rs 128.1 a share, valuing the bank at Rs 3,500 crore. That's risen to Rs 4,625 crore based on the latest transactions. Employees of HDFC Standard Life exercised their Esops at Rs 28.36 apiece in March 2012 and Rs 27.37 in March 2014.
Shares have been bought recently for Rs 140, a 393% return. In UTI Mutual Fund, the weighted average exercise price of Esops issued in 2007 and vested in 2012-13 is Rs 206 while the shares currently trade at Rs 300, giving investors a 46% appreciation.
  Some transactions are also believed to have taken place in the booming ecommerce sector with past employees of firms such as Snapdeal among the sellers. Transactions have been few and details about price and valuation could not be ascertained. Unlike listed stocks, the unlisted space has few brokers and trades are made through known sources.
Often, a broker accumulates small lots of shares from employees who have earned them as Esops, or from investors who have bought earlier and are looking for an exit. Once the broker has a sizeable chunk of shares, typically worth more than Rs 1 crore, it's offered to HNIs. The biggest deterrent in the case of unlisted shares, when compared with listed ones, is the tax treatment, say experts. "The tax treatment of unlisted stocks is unfavourable compared with listed stocks," says Sandeep Ginodia, director, Sapphire Wealth Management Systems.
Investments routed through the stock exchange and held for more than a year qualify for zero long-term capital gains tax. However, taxation is different for unlisted shares: you have to pay shortterm capital gains tax of 30% if you sell before three years and long-term capital gains tax of 10% or 20% with indexation if you sell them after three years.
Also, as per regulatory guidelines, preissue capital will be locked for one year from the date of a public issue. That means investors can sell only a year after the public issue. Also, an employee who acquires an Esop pays a perquisite tax which is the difference between the fair market value (FMV) of the shares on the date of exercise of the option and the price paid by the employee.
Since these companies are unlisted, very little financial information is available. Also, because there's no formal platform to trade these shares, the demand-supply situation varies and the price at which deals are struck could be a function of the quantity, demand-supply situation and the sentiment prevailing in the secondary markets.
Unlike listed shares, where a holder can exit through the stock exchange, liquidity is poor in unlisted companies. You would have to look for an IPO or another buyer. Brokers advise investors to be careful about promoter pedigree and management as there have been several instances in the past when companies offloaded shares to investors and simply disappeared.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wipro gains on 5-year strategic infra management contractSep 05, 2014, 12.48 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Wipro gains on 5-year strategic infra management contract
Under this agreement, India's third largest software services exporter will provide a full suite of IT infrastructure management services to PMI.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Wipro gains on 5-year strategic infra management contract
Under this agreement, India's third largest software services exporter will provide a full suite of IT infrastructure management services to PMI.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Wipro gained more than a percent intraday Friday on getting five-year strategic infrastructure management contract from Philip Morris International (PMI), the tobacco company.
Under this agreement, India's third largest software services exporter will provide a full suite of IT infrastructure management services to PMI.
"We aim to foster a successful partnership with PMI and deliver the IT innovation that will support their business needs," said Srini Pallia, chief executive (retail, consumer goods, and transportation and government business unit), adding Wipro's ServiceNXT Operations Framework will be utilised to manage PMI's technology and applications infrastructure.
At 12:35 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 578.35, up Rs 1.75, or 0.30 percent on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

IAF ready to tackle any terror threat: ACM Arun Raha on al Qaeda videoUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Indian Air Force (IAF) is ready for any eventuality and can tackle terror threats, says the Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha. The top IAF officer made the statement a day after al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri released a video announcing the plans to establish a terror wing in India.
"There is a threat from al Qaeda-like agencies but the nation is prepared for it," said Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha.
Soon after the video was released, the Union Home Ministry issued an advisory to all states. The Home Ministry issued an all-India alert and sent investigative teams to sensitive areas. Home Minister Rajnath Singh briefed Prime Minister Narendra Modi about the al-Qaeda video and listed the steps being taken.
The top IAF officer made the statement a day after al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri announced plans to establish a terror wing in India.
The government also asked all states to be on high alert for any possible terror attack. IB sources also say that that al Qaeda does not have a cell in India yet, otherwise it would not have released a video.
In the video, Zawahiri says the outfit in the Indian subcontinent will focus on uniting Muslims living in Assam, Gujarat and Kashmir.
The US has also reacted saying they are not threatened. They also said Al-Qaeda has been active in the Indian subcontinent for a while now.
"We do not regard the announcement as an indication of new capabilities by al Qaeda, which has long been active throughout the region. We have seen the reports of al Qaeda's new branch on the Indian subcontinent. The US remains committed to dismantling al Qaeda and ensuring that it never again poses a threat to the American people," Caitlin Hayden, spokesperson of the National Security Council at the White House, said.
Al Qaeda is active in Afghanistan and Pakistan, but Zawahiri said 'Qaedat al-Jihad' would take the fight to India, Myanmar and Bangladesh.

Sensex  Nifty snap recovery as banking stocks dropMarket Update: Sensex ends 59 points down as selling continues for 2nd day
IANS     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 17:11 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Markets on Friday gave up initial gains with Sensex falling about 59 points to end at 27,026.70 and Nifty dipping over 9 points to close at 8,086.85 on profit selling in financial and auto stocks, amid weak global cues.
Losses were seen mainly in counters including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Tata Motors , Hero MotoCorp, Bharti Airtel, Coal India, BHEL and Tata Power, which weighed on the market.
Although Sensex ended in the negative zone, total market breadth was positive on the back of rally in second-line stocks on buying by retail investors. The S&P BSE Small-cap and Mid-cap indices outperformed the Sensex. They closed up by 1.25 per cent and 0.56 per cent respectively.
The 30-share Sensex resumed better and improved further to a high of 27,178.80, up by nearly 93 points, on the back of heavy buying by foreign funds. However, profit-selling erased the gains and the index ended at 27,026.70 - a fall of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent. It touched an intra-day low of 26,920.56.
on Thursday, it has dipped 54.10 points or 0.20 per cent.
On Wednesday, it had zoomed to life high of 27,225.85 and then closed at record peak of 27,139.94.
For the week, the Sensex rose 388.59 points. This was its fourth straight weekly gain.
The wide-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE on Friday moved irregularly in a range of 8,122.70 and 8,049.85 before closing at 8,086.85 - a drop of 9.10 points or 0.11 per cent.
Meanwhile, provisional data showed Foreign Portfolio Investors invested a whopping Rs 1,697.74 crore on Thursday.
Globally, Asian shares slipped Friday after European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Eyes are now on the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe's main stock markets dipped in late morning trades today after data showed the 18-nation eurozone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.
 

Jammu-Srinagar Highway closed for 2nd day due tolandslidesPress Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:37 pm
The 300-km-long Jammu-Srinagar National Highway was closed for vehicular traffic for second consecutive day on Friday due to landslides at various places in Jammu region of the state.
The highway is closed for the second day, police said, adding, traffic on the highway was suspended due to landslides, washing of road patches, and flooding at various places since Thursday.
Due to closure of the road, 1200 vehicles, including passenger vehicles, were stranded on the highway, they said. Men and machines of Border Roads Organisation (BRO) were working to clear the highway, police said.
There are also over a dozen inter-district roads closed due to landslides, washing of roads, breaches and sinking of roads and flooding in Doda, Kishtwar, Ramban, Samba, Jammu, Udhampur, Reasi, Rajouri, Poonch, and Kathua districts of Jammu region, they added.
Police has also asked the people to avoid travelling for the next couple of days on roads in various flood-hit areas. Heavy to moderate rains have been witnessed in the state since intervening night of September 2 and 3 resulting loss of life and properties and closure of almost all the roads.
Rainfall continued throughout the night in Jammu and in mountainous districts, making the rescue operation difficult, police said.

Blackouts cast shadow over PM Narendra Modis economicrecoveryFinancial metropolis Mumbai was plunged into darkness for most of Tuesday, amid a row between private generators and regional distributors. (Reuters)
Reuters | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:29 pm
Narendra Modi took decisive action as chief minister of Gujarat state to secure round-the-clock supplies of electricity. Now, as prime minister of India, he is under attack for failing to avert a national power crisis.
More than half of India’s thermal power stations have less than a week’s supply of fuel – the lowest levels since mid-2012 when hundreds of millions of people were cut off in one of the world’s worst blackouts.
Coal stocks at thermal stations have hit critical levels as payment disputes escalate, unleashing power cuts that could choke off an economic recovery before it takes hold and hurt Modi’s prospects at forthcoming state elections.
Financial metropolis Mumbai was plunged into darkness for most of Tuesday, amid a row between private generators and regional distributors that is symptomatic of an industry mired in debt and arrears of at least $100 billion.
It’s a headache for Modi that experts say will only get worse. His government is resisting political pressure for a bailout, just two years after a rescue by the last government that it denounces as a “farce”.
“The moment I start with financial assistance for one state, all the states will be asking me,” Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal told reporters on Wednesday as he marked a rocky first 100 days in the job.
“States have to improve their own systems. I can’t fund their coal purchases,” said Goyal, who is mediating in payment disputes in an attempt to mitigate the power crisis.
Prithviraj Chavan, chief minister of Maharashtra, has from state capital Mumbai pointed the finger of blame at Modi, who won election by a landslide in May with promises of economic reforms, new jobs and dynamic growth.
“The centre is responsible,” said Chavan, a leader of the opposition Congress party. He added that he urged Modi two weeks ago to call crisis talks on the power industry, but says New Delhi “has not taken serious note”.
Maharashtra is one of several states that are at odds with New Delhi on power and coal supplies, and will soon hold elections. Modi’s nationalist party hopes to boost its strength in the upper house of parliament, where it lacks a majority.
ACHILLES’ HEEL
Since Modi took power, coal stocks at thermal power stations that generate three-fifths of India’s power have nearly halved to just six days’ cover. Of 100 plants, 56 are now ‘critical’ with less than a week’s supply.
The shortages have arisen not because India lacks coal – it has reserves of 61 billion tonnes. Nor does India consume much power: per capita use is one-seventeenth of the U.S. level, and 400 million Indians have no electricity at all.
What India does have is a mismatch between the regulated price at which power is sold continued…

Apple to add security alerts for iCloud users  says CookSep 05, 2014, 01.25 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Apple to add security alerts for iCloud users, says Cook
Apple will alert users through email and push notifications when someone tries to change an account password, restore iCloud data to a new device, or when a device logs into an account for the first time, Chief Executive Tim Cook told the Journal in an interview.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Apple to add security alerts for iCloud users, says Cook
Apple will alert users through email and push notifications when someone tries to change an account password, restore iCloud data to a new device, or when a device logs into an account for the first time, Chief Executive Tim Cook told the Journal in an interview.
Post your opinion here
 
Apple Inc is planning additional steps to keep hackers out of user accounts in the face of the recent celebrity photo scandal, but denied that lack of security allowed intruders to post nude photographs of celebrities on the Internet, the Wall Street Journal reported.
Apple will alert users through email and push notifications when someone tries to change an account password, restore iCloud data to a new device, or when a device logs into an account for the first time, Chief Executive Tim Cook told the Journal in an interview.
Apple is moving quickly to restore confidence in its systems' security ahead of the crucial launch of its new iPhone next week.
Some companies fear the two-factor authentication could drive users away as it gets too cumbersome. However, Matt Johansen of WhiteHat Security told Reuters that the usability battle will always be there but the users will eventually get along well.
Some security experts faulted Apple for failing to make its devices and software easier to secure through two-factor authentication, which requires a separate verification code after users log in initially.
Apple could also do more to advertise that option, they said. Most people do not bother with security measures because of the extra hassle, experts say, and the leading phone makers are partly to blame.
The iCloud service allows users to store photos and other content and access it from any Apple device. Security in the cloud has been a paramount concern in past years, but that has not stopped the rapid adoption of services that offer reams of storage and management of data and content off smartphones and computers.
Apple was not immediately available for comment.
RELATED NEWS

VLS Finance: AGM on Sept 25  2014Sep 05, 2014, 01.24 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
VLS Finance: AGM on Sept 25, 2014
VLS Finance has informed that the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
VLS Finance: AGM on Sept 25, 2014
VLS Finance has informed that the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
VLS Finance Ltd has informed BSE that the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Here are top buzzing stocks to watch on Sep 5Here are top buzzing stocks to watch on Sep 5
Bloom Industries: Scrutinizer report of AGMBloom Industries: Scrutinizer report of AGM
BP may be fined $18 billion for spill in GulfBP may be fined $18 billion for spill in Gulf
AAP accuses LG of promoting horse-tradingAAP accuses LG of promoting horse-trading
Karbonn Titanium Octane Plus: Good buy for those who love gamingApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Lava Iris X1: High on looksApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

HP Omni 10 5600US Tablet: Big & brightApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

United Spirits Reports Q4 Loss at Rs 5 380 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
United Spirits Reports Q4 Loss at Rs 5,380 Crore
NDTV | Updated On: September 04, 2014 11:33 (IST)
Apple Unveils Watch, Larger iPhones in Bid to Retake Innovation Crown
United Spirits (USL) reported its financial numbers for the fourth quarter of FY14 on Thursday. USL succeeded to finalise upon its Q4 results after three unsuccessful attempts by the management.
The company reported a net loss of Rs. 5,380 crore on revenue of Rs. 1,917 crore in the Q4 of FY14. USL had reported a net profit of Rs. 56 crore on sales of Rs. 1,866 crore in the same period last fiscal.
Sunita Sachdev, executive director - equity research at UBS speaking to NDTV said revenue decline of 7 per cent year-on-year is due to 10 per cent decline in volume.
Its net profit was hit on the back of provisions for bad debt worth Rs. 1,027 crore and exceptional items worth Rs. 4,321 crore.
The exceptional items include provision for intra-USL group loan worth Rs.3,614 crore and Rs. 707 crore towards reduction in value of investments.
UBS says the write-off also includes the impact of Whyte & Mackay sale. But however she said "It is not entirely clear that this is the end of all the provisions, we still need clarification on that."
UBS believes there may be more disputed amount which the company may or may not have taken fully on the write-offs.
On an adjusted basis USL's reported ebitda came in at Rs. 115 crore as against estimates of Rs. 180 crore.
Total debt of the company continued to remain high at over Rs. 8,000 crore as of March 31, 2014.
As of 9.58 a.m. shares in United Spirits traded 0.47 per cent higher at Rs.2,410.35 outperforming the Nifty which was down 0.25 per cent at 8,094.45.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 11:33 (IST)

Jennifer Lawrence nude celebrity photo-hack rekindles privacy worriesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Diageo-led USL probes loans to UB  associatesBS Reporter |  Bangalore Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:59 AM IST
Diageo-led USL probes loans to UB, associates
Move comes as huge provisions for bad loans push loss to Rs 4,488 cr
In what could be seen as further embarrassment for UB Group Chairman Vijay Mallya, the newly constituted board of United Spirits Ltd (USL), now controlled by British liquor giant Diageo, has ordered an expansive inquiry into the loans given by USL to UB companies and their associates. This is to find out why as much as Rs 1,200 crore whose recovery is now being considered doubtful was lent to the group companies. Worse, the USL auditors have raised the concern that this inquiry might lead to further adjustments, impacting opening balances, as these transactions had been made in earlier years.
The decision to launch an inquiry came after USL posted a net loss of Rs 4,488 crore for 2013-14, mainly due to a provisioning of Rs 1,123 crore for bad loans and a one-time exceptional expense of Rs 3,235 crore on sale of Scottish subsidiary Whyte & Mackay.
RECOVERY BID
Rs 1,200 cr: Value of loans to UB Group and its associates for which the Diageo-led United Spirits board has constituted an inquiry
Doubtful loans: The Rs 1,200 cr of doubtful debt includes Rs 600 crore given to USL’s business associates like bottlers and distributors, and a purported corporate guarantee on a Rs 200-cr loan taken by KFA
Inquiry committee: USL MD & CEO Anand Kripalu, along with a team of experts, will assess the quality of these loans and explore ways for early recovery
Loans to UB Holdings: To the extent of Rs 1,300 crore considered recoverable over a six-year period; a provision of Rs 330 crore has been made, nonetheless
For the January-March quarter, USL posted losses of Rs 5,380 crore on a revenue of Rs 1,943 crore.
The USL board, which met for a fourth time on Thursday - after three earlier attempts to finalise last year's annual earnings failed - authorised the company's managing director & chief executive, Anand Kripalu, to launch an inquiry, along with independent advisors and specialists, to assess the quality of loans and how soon those could be recovered.
 
The biggest concern for Diageo-controlled USL is learnt to be the Rs 600 crore that the company had provided to business associates, including third-party bottlers.
The borrowers are contesting the amount, claiming they, in turn, extended loans to various UB Group entities that remain unpaid. The business associates have told the USL board they would not pay back USL till they have recovered their dues from UB entities.
The USL management, meanwhile, has declined to club the two issues and said it would take all actions possible for recovery of its dues. "The board has directed a detailed and expeditious inquiry into this matter and authorised the MD & CEO of USL to recover the dues. The board has also authorised other appropriate action to be taken, commensurate with the outcome of the inquiry," USL said in a statement on Thursday. According to senior UB officials, the group has had leveraging interests with various associates, which are now trying to arm-twist the group after a change in control at USL.
Another sticking point in the bad-loan issue is of the Rs 1,300 crore USL provided in 2012 to UB Group's holding company, UB Holdings, for eight years. Given the various winding-up petitions filed by a clutch of creditors against UB Holdings, USL has made a provision of Rs 330 crore as a matter of prudence. It believes it can recover the rest. The worst shock for the USL board is believed to be a purported corporate guarantee given by USL on a Rs 200-crore loan that the now-grounded airline company of the group, Kingfisher Airlines, took from a private financial institution. "This matter came to the knowledge of the board after the management informed it of a letter dated May 5. We are contesting any such guarantee given for this loan; we do not have any knowledge of such a transaction," USL said.
"The inquiry advised by the USL board will go into all these matters, besides other possible transactions of this nature. The role of individuals involved and potential non-compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act (if any) will also be probed," the statement added. Mallya, chairman of both UB Group and USL, said a free and fair inquiry would be done on all aspects and appropriate actions taken.
 Advertisements

It s official: Nevada gets Tesla s GigafactoryIt's official: Nevada gets Tesla's Gigafactory
By Melvin Backman  @CNNMoney September 5, 2014: 7:14 AM ET
 
Elon Musk dreams 'dark' before a launch
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Nevada has vanquished its foes in the hunt for Tesla's multi-billion dollar "Gigafactory" battery plant.
"It's a great day in Nevada, and it's a great day for Nevada," said Governor Brian Sandoval at a press conference to announce the facility.
The deal was announced Thursday after months of wrangling between California, Texas, Arizona and New Mexico. It will cost the state $1.25 billion in tax breaks and other incentives, Sandoval said. It is expected to generate $100 billion in "economic impact" over the next 20 years.
Related: Tesla's future rides on massive battery plant
The Governor also said about 6,500 jobs will be created directly at the plant, but as many as 22,500 jobs will be created in the state because of the project. The state's economic development office estimates that the factory will add $1.9 billion to state and local coffers over the next two decades, with a quarter of it going to K-12 education.
Tesla ( TSLA )'s massive factory, which could cost an estimated $4 billion to $5 billion is aimed at easing the path to a cheaper electric car, the Model 3. The key is reducing the cost to build more of the lithium-ion batteries that its cars use.
Tesla hopes the Model 3 will cost between $30,000 to $40,000. The flagship Model S costs nearly $70,000 and Tesla's upcoming crossover, the Model X, will cost about that much. Panasonic ( PCRFF ) will partner with Tesla on the Gigafactory, which broke ground in July.
Related: Consumer Reports calls the Model S the best car ever, with caveats
The lion's share of Tesla's incentives are in taxes it won't have to pay, reports the Reno Gazette-Journal. That means $725 million in sales tax breaks over 20 years and $332 million in property tax breaks over 10 years, with most of the rest coming from tax credits.
The battery factory will also get $8 million in discounted electricity rates, the paper said. Tesla will be allowed to sell its cars directly in Nevada without a franchise agreement, which has been a sticking point in other states.
"The Gigafactory is an important step in advancing the cause of sustainable transportation and will enable the mass production of compelling electric vehicles for decades to come," Tesla CEO Elon Musk said in a statement.
First Published: September 4, 2014: 7:40 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Actress  rape  case: Arrest of Railways Minister s son Karthik Gowda  soonApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Google Inc to pay USD 19 million for child app purchasesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Info Edge (India) firms up on launch of QIP issueSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:09 AM IST
Info Edge (India) firms up on launch of QIP issue
The floor price for the QIP issue has been set at Rs 766.89 per equity share
Info Edge (India) is trading nearly 2% higher at Rs 784 after the company's QIP Committee, on Thursday, approved and authorised the launch of Qualified Institutions Placement.
"The "relevant date" for the purpose of this QIP is September 4 and that accordingly the floor price in respect of the aforesaid QIP, based on the pricing formula as prescribed is Rs.766.89 per Equity Share (the "Floor Price"); and authorizing the Company to offer, at its discretion, a discount of up to 5% on the Floor Price to investors in the QIP," the company said in a release to the stock exchange.
The stock opened at Rs 770 and touched an intra-day high of Rs 795 so far. Nearly 18,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.
 Advertisements

BJP new team awaits allocation of workNew Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:02 am
By: Liz Mathew
BJP president Amit Shah’s plan to re-structure the division of work in the organisation and his hectic schedule to visit the poll-bound states have left the office bearers of the new team workless as they are yet to be allocated charges.
Even as the party has decided to give thrust to strengthening the organisation, Shah is considering giving more responsibilities to general secretaries, a senior party leader said.
“There are proposals to change the work division. The general secretaries and office bearers are expected to take more responsibilities,” he said, adding, “The previous division of work will be re-structured. There will be more specific territorial division of the responsibilities of the general secretaries.”
However, Shah, who has given a clear indication to his new team that his focus will be on strengthening the organisation and spreading it all across the states, has not been able to put his mind into the allocation of work.
The BJP chief had announced his new team of eight general secretaries, four joint secretaries and 14 secretaries on August 16. Since then, he has visited Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala and Maharashtra .
Some of the members of the newly-elected team seem to be disappointed over the delay in allocation of work. “This is a president-centric party. The president has been busy with the election-bound state,” said one general secretary. The BJP has high stakes in the September 13 bypolls in UP as well as in Assembly elections in Maharashtra, Haryana, Jharkhand and J&K due later this year.
BJP sources said even the RSS has decided to give ample space to the party chief and PM Narendra Modi. “So things will move forward only when the party president gets some time to allocate work and responsibilities,” the leader said.

German rocket to take Jabong into global orbitAccel Partners
(Rocket Internet also operates…)
BANGALORE: Online fashion retailer Jabong is opening up a new front in the Indian ecommerce battleground. Its major investors, Germany's Rocket Internet and Swedish investment firm Kinnevik, are merging five of their international fashion ecommerce firms, including Jabong, into a single global entity. This will allow the Delhi-based company to tap into a global knowledge base and also give it access to new and large investors. The combined conglomerate has been named Global Fashion Group (GFG).
Rocket Internet also operates other consumer Internet ventures in India such as furniture e-tailer Fab Furnish and food delivery service firm FoodPanda .
"We are delighted to have joined forces and have created a global fashion giant which is active in four continents. This will lead to an even better experience for us internally but also for our customers. We can rely on common sourcing, outstanding IT competencies and our experiences with private labels," said Praveen Sinha , managing director of Jabong. He, however, declined to provide details of the implications.
Analysts are of the view that the immediate advantage will be in the form of learnings and differentiation in the form of merchandising.
"There's a lot that ecommerce players can learn from firms in other geographies that are ahead on the evolution curve - from customer experience to supply chain," said Neelesh Hundekari , partner at consulting firm AT Kearney. The company can also leverage the global network it has to get exclusive merchandise. "Apart from money, Jabong will also be able to bring in brands of the other companies to India and will also have a global market for its brands," said Arvind Singhal , chairman of retail advisory Technopak.
Kinnevik and Rocket Internet's statement stressed on the online brands that the five entities, all launched in 2011-12, have developed. Jabong, for instance, has launched private labels Lara Karen and Sangria while Southeast Asian site Zalora has launched a namesake in-house brand and another called Ezra.
But the primary and long-term advantage will be in the form of access to capital. "From a capital-raising perspective, it's a good strategy and puts them in the game to compete with Amazon, Flipkart and Alibaba, not just in India but also globally. The main ingredient going forward now will be cash," said Rehan Yar Khan, founder of Orios Venture Partners, which has backed niche apparel portals such as lingerie site Prettysecrets and international market-focused Indian designer wear site Exclusively.in.
Fashion has emerged as one of the most fiercely contested categories in the Indian commerce space. An Accel Partners report said it will see 400% growth in the next three years from $559 million to $2.81 billion by 2016.
After Flipkart's acquisition of fashion ecommerce leader Myntra in May, the combined entity is estimated to have a market share of more than 50% in the online fashion segment. With the $1-billion fund-raising by Flipkart in July, capital is not an immediate concern for the combined entity. Jabong, which is in the second spot, has a market share of about 25%, according to industry estimates.
However, with other large and well-funded players such as Amazon and Snapdeal focusing heavily on fashion, Jabong may soon feel the heat. Fashion has become an important segment for the online mega stores since it provides better margins of about 35%, compared with the less than 5% in the electronics segment. Snapdeal has stated that it expects $1 billion in sales just from fashion next fiscal.
For Rocket Internet, this is another step toward its proposed public offer in Frankfurt , as it now has a single entity that is valued at Rs 21,500 crore (2.7 billion euros), based on the combined valuation of the five entities at the time of their last fund-raising.
GFG will have 4.6 million active customers and more than 7,000 employees and has in total sold goods worth over Rs 3,400 crore (436 million euros) in just the first six months of 2014.
Rocket raised two large rounds of funding in August $445 million from Philippines Long Distance Telephone and $582 million from European Internet firm United Internet.
Its strength in India will only help Rocket's IPO plans. "There is no doubt that India will become a big ecommerce market in the not-so-distant future. A strong presence in India will add to Rocket's overall valuation," said Technopak's Singhal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Co s share in new order win worth Rs 100 cr: JyotiSep 05, 2014, 12.05 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Co's share in new order win worth Rs 100 cr: Jyoti
A Jyoti Ltd subsidiary bagged a hydropower order worth Rs 423 crore, of which the company’s share in the order is worth just Rs 100 crore, says Ajay Kamdar, Chief Financial Officer, Jyoti Limited.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Co's share in new order win worth Rs 100 cr: Jyoti
A Jyoti Ltd subsidiary bagged a hydropower order worth Rs 423 crore, of which the company’s share in the order is worth just Rs 100 crore, says Ajay Kamdar, Chief Financial Officer, Jyoti Limited.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
A  Jyoti Ltd subsidiary bagged a hydropower order worth Rs 423 crore, of which the company’s share in the order is worth just Rs 100 crore, says Ajay Kamdar, Chief Financial Officer, Jyoti Limited.
The Gujarat-based hydro turbines and generators manufacturer's JV with Megha Engineering & Infrastructure has won a 5-year deal from Narmada Nigam for EPC of civil, electro-mechanical and hydro-mechanical works including operations and maintenance for Saurashtra Branch Canal Project in Mehsana district.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Ajay Kamdar's interview with CNBC-TV18's Reema Tendulkar.
Q: Can you walk us through this order win, what will the margins be; B: the timeline of execution and C: what would it take your order book to?
A: This Rs 423 crore order is a composite order both of our construction company as well as ourselves out of which we would be sharing to the extent of about Rs 100 crore because we are manufacturing the equipments for that particular project.
The second issue would be that the margin would be slightly better because currently we are going for the better contribution margin only because of the new products, whatever we are taking and since revival of the economy as well as this particular segment things are looking up.
Q: So for you, it is only Rs 100 crore worth of revenues, it is for the consortium that Rs 423 crore is?
A: Yes.
Q: When you say that margins are being better can you give us a ballpark range of margins?
A: It is very difficult to say, at this particular moment of time because these projects are normally go on for two to three years time. So it depends on how things are panning up over a period of time.
Q: And what is order book currently at?
A: It is about Rs 900 crore.
Jyoti stock price
On September 10, 2014, at  14:59 hrs Jyoti was quoting at Rs 82.00, down Rs 1.25, or 1.5 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 94.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 40.85.
The latest book value of the company is Rs -27.84 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was -2.95.
RELATED NEWS

Gold dips to near 3-month low; US data eyedGold dips to near 3-month low; US data eyed
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Sept 5:  
Gold fell to its lowest in nearly three months on Friday before recovering modestly and was poised to post its third weekly drop in four, as a strong dollar and an optimistic view of the US economy prompted selling in bullion.
The metal is under pressure as the euro languished near a 14-month low versus the dollar on Friday, struggling to regain its footing after the European Central Bank delivered a fresh round of stimulus and promised even more if needed.
US non-farm payrolls data
Investors also refrained from taking big positions on Friday as US non-farm payrolls data due later in the day is expected to give further clues about the world’s largest economy and the timing of the Federal Reserve's move to raise interest rates.
Spot gold fell to $1,256.90 an ounce - its lowest since June 10, before ticking up 0.2 per cent to $1,263.50 by 0622 GMT. The metal has lost nearly 2 per cent this week.
“The small uptick today is probably some bargain-hunting, but the underlying trend is still very bearish, especially with a very strong dollar move,’’ said one Singapore-based precious metals trader.
Stronger greenback
A stronger greenback is a setback for dollar-denominated gold as it makes the metal more expensive for users of other currencies.
“The jobs data today is likely to have a bigger impact on prices depending on how strong it is. A solid break below $1,260 could lead to a sharp drop as the next support level is only at $1,230,’’ the trader said.
Other precious metals were also under pressure due to the dollar’s move. Silver, platinum and palladium were all poised for weekly declines.
Hiring, services sector activity
Gold was also hurt after data on Thursday showed that US companies hired workers at a steady clip in August and the services sector activity accelerated to a 6-1/2-year high, assurances the economy was on track for sturdy growth in the third quarter.
“The key US payrolls release is expected to be a strong print which may prompt further selling in gold late in the day in today’s session,’’ Victor Thianpiriya, analyst at ANZ, said in a note.
SPDR Gold Trust, the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund and a good measure of investor sentiment, said its holdings fell 4.78 tonnes to 785.73 tonnes on Thursday - the biggest one-day drop since mid-July. In the physical markets, buying picked up slightly due to the lower prices.
Premiums in China, the top buyer of gold, rose to about $4-$5 an ounce from $3 in the previous session.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Boeing announces new contracts  leaves Airbus behind in total orders for 2014Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Sensex down 60 points; auto  bank stocks major losersSensex ends 59 points down on weak global cues, selling in blue-chips
PTI/Reuters
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
The benchmark Sensex today fell 59.23 points to end at 27,026.70, its second straight session of decline after logging new highs earlier this week, due to losses in blue-chips, including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Motors, amid a weak global trend.
Domestic stock markets opened on a better note with the 30-share BSE index Sensex touching the day’s high of 27,178.80 points in early trade. It later slipped below the 27,000-mark and touched the day’s low of 26,920.56 before ending at 27,026.70, registering a drop of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent.
Among Sensex 30 components, 17 stocks ended in the negative zone, while 13 closed higher.
On Thursday, the Sensex had lost 54.01 points. It had hit a life high of 27,225.85 and closed at a record peak of 27,139.94 on Wednesday.
Brokers said emergence of selling in stocks that had recently witnessed gains and a weak trend in global markets, led to the fall in major indices today.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also shed 9.1 points or 0.11 per cent to end at 8,086.85. During the session, the Nifty shuttled between 8,122.70 and 8,049.85.
Yesterday, it had fallen by 18.65 points.
Sectoral indices
Among the sectoral indices, the BSE Auto index dropped 0.65 per cent, followed by FMCG 0.32 per cent and Banking 0.3 per cent.
On the other hand, the BSE Realty index surged 1.15 per cent, followed by Capital Goods 0.86 per cent, Metal 0.69 per cent and IT 0.51 per cent, among others.
The BSE Small-cap index advanced 1.25 per cent and Mid-cap index added 0.56 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Asian, European markets
Asian shares and the euro slipped on Friday after the European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Investors await the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe’s main stock markets also dipped in late morning trade today after data showed the 18-nation euro zone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.
The euro was deep in the red on Friday, having suffered its steepest fall in three years after the European Central Bank stunned markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
The aggressive shift sent short-term bond yields into negative territory in Germany, France, the Netherlands and Austria, giving investors an overwhelming incentive to sell euros for higher-yielding assets elsewhere.
That stood in stark contrast to the United States, where upbeat data only reinforced the case for the Federal Reserve to wind down its stimulus, driving the dollar higher and sideswiping oil and gold in the process.
After surging to a 6-1/2 month high on Thursday, European share markets saw some minor profit taking as the US payrolls report loomed large later in the session. London's FTSE 100, the DAX in Frankfurt and CAC 40 in Paris were all around 0.1-0.2 per cent lower but this week's gains - the fourth in a row - took the pan-regional FTSEurofirst 300 index's rise since mid August to over 8 per cent.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

L&T bags Rs 5 100 crore EPC order; stock up 2%You are here: Home > Collections
L&T bags Rs 5,100 crore EPC order; stock rallies
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 5, 2014, 10.01AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Shares of L&T gained momentum…)
MUMBAI: Shares of L&T gained momentum after the company bagged Rs 5100 crore order for setting up super-critical thermal power project from Madhya Pradesh government.
The project covers design, engineering, manufacture, supply, erection and commissioning of two coal-fired thermal units of 660 MW each with supercritical parameters.
This is a repeat order for the company from state utility MP Power Generating Company , which had earlier placed an EPC order for the Balance of Plant Package for 2 units of 600 MW each of Shree Singaji TPP (Stage -I).
At 09:40 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 1612.10, up 1.45 per cent, on the BSE . It touched a high of Rs 1,620.90 and a low of Rs 1,583 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Court breather for Kalanithi Maran s cable firmUpdated: September 6, 2014 03:55 IST
Court breather for Kalanithi Maran's cable firm
K.T. Sangameswaran
judiciary (system of justice)
In a major relief to Kal Cables Pvt. Ltd., the Madras High Court on Friday set aside an August 20 order of the Information and Broadcasting (I&B) Ministry cancelling the MSO’s licence.
However, the court said its order would not preclude the Centre from taking action as per law on the basis of information available with it. Any action could be initiated, but according to due process, either against the petitioner and/or against television channels that formed part of the same group and about the manner in which permission was granted in September 2006, when one of the promoters was the Union Minister, “and/or about the circumstances under which the file relating to the permission granted was kept back for seven years since 2006 from the Union Home Ministry.”
Justice V. Ramasubramanian passed the order on a petition by the MSO challenging the order. The MSO said the cancellation had been done suddenly without any show-cause notice. The judge said the notings in the Home Ministry file concluded that there were no adverse reports against the directors or key executives of the company.
If the information available in the file about the alleged activities of the company’s promoters were not considered to be a ground for invoking Section 20 (2) of the Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Act against the TV channels promoted by the very same persons, “I do not know how the same information would disentitle the petitioner to security clearance just for the continuance of registration as an MSO, whose role was very limited and smaller than that of a commercial television channel,” the judge said.

Panama Petrochem: Disclosure of Voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 05, 2014, 02.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Panama Petrochem: Disclosure of Voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Panama Petrochem has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 32nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 04, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Panama Petrochem: Disclosure of Voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Panama Petrochem has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 32nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 04, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Panama Petrochem Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the 32nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 04, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Hindustan Hardy Spicer: Change in DirectorateSep 05, 2014, 02.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hindustan Hardy Spicer: Change in Directorate
With reference to the earlier announcement dated August 27, 2014, Hindustan Hardy Spicer has informed that Ms. Devaki Saran has been appointed as the Executive Director and CFO of the Company with effect from August 14, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hindustan Hardy Spicer: Change in Directorate
With reference to the earlier announcement dated August 27, 2014, Hindustan Hardy Spicer has informed that Ms. Devaki Saran has been appointed as the Executive Director and CFO of the Company with effect from August 14, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
With reference to the earlier announcement dated August 27, 2014, Hindustan Hardy Spicer Ltd has informed BSE that Ms. Devaki Saran has been appointed as the Executive Director and CFO of the Company with effect from August 14, 2014.Source : BSE

Contender to Criminal: McDonnell s Stunning Political Fallcontender to criminal: mcdonnell s stunning political fall
Ballarpur Industries: Outcome of board meetingBallarpur Industries: Outcome of board meeting
Federer battles hard to beat Monfils in five-set thriller to advance to US Open semisHi Guest
Federer battles hard to beat Monfils in five-set thriller to advance to US Open semis
f an 18th Grand Slam title. The Swiss saved two match points as he won 4-6, 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, 6-2 in a dramatic New York night session to reach the semi-finals. He will next face Croatia's Marin Cilic in the last four on Saturday. Federer, on falling ...

Nokia rolls out Lumia 730 smartphone for  selfie  loversNokia rolls out Lumia 730 smartphone for  selfie  lovers
ISIS fears give Americans the jitters before 9/11ISIS fears give Americans the jitters before 9/11
USL board orders probe into loans to UB Group companiesUSL board orders probe into loans to UB Group companies
Sathasivam sworn in Kerala Governor as Opposition sits outSathasivam sworn in Kerala Governor as Opposition sits out
President pays tribute to Sarvepalli RadhakrishnanPresident pays tribute to Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan
Sensex remains negative in noon tradeSensex remains negative in noon trade
Jaypee-RPower exclusivity pact likely to be extendedSep 05, 2014, 02.29 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Jaypee-RPower exclusivity pact likely to be extended
In one of the biggest deals in the power space, Anil Ambani Group firm Reliance Power in July announced that it had signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of Jaiprakash Associates Ltd. The deal would be worth about Rs 12,000 crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jaypee-RPower exclusivity pact likely to be extended
In one of the biggest deals in the power space, Anil Ambani Group firm Reliance Power in July announced that it had signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of Jaiprakash Associates Ltd. The deal would be worth about Rs 12,000 crore.
Post your opinion here
 
The exclusivity period of the pact for Reliance Power 's proposed acquisition of Jaiprakash Associates ' hydro power portfolio in a Rs 12,000 crore deal is likely to be extended by 60 days.
In one of the biggest deals in the power space, Anil Ambani Group firm Reliance Power in July announced that it had signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of Jaiprakash Associates Ltd. The deal would be worth about Rs 12,000 crore.
Investment banking sources said the exclusivity period of the agreed Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the proposed deal is likely to be extended by 60 days.
The MoU between RPower and Jaypee Group was signed on July 27 and the exclusivity period was to end on September 25. When contacted, an RPower spokesperson did not comment. Queries sent to Jaypee Group spokesperson remained unanswered.
SBI Capital Markets is the advisor to the proposed transaction. The Rs 12,000 crore deal includes Rs 9,500 crore in debt and Rs 2,500 in equity.
RPower plans to refinance the debt and the equity component would come from internal accruals. Currently, the company has about Rs 3,000 crore cash in hand. The deal would be EPS accretive from the first day.
Reliance CleanGen Ltd (RCL), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Reliance Power Ltd, and  Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd, a subsidiary of Jaiprakash Associates Ltd, have inked the exclusive MoU.
JPVL's hydroelectric power portfolio has an aggregate capacity of nearly 1,800 MW, fully in operation.
Reliance Power stock price
On September 10, 2014, at  15:01 hrs Reliance Power was quoting at Rs 76.25, down Rs 0.95, or 1.23 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 112.35 and the 52-week low was Rs 60.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.07 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 1089.29. The latest book value of the company is Rs 60.18 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.27.
RELATED NEWS

India slips to 71st rank in global competitiveness listGeneva/New Delhi, September 3, 2014
Updated: September 3, 2014 17:43 IST
India slips to 71st rank in global competitiveness list
PTI
PTI China leads the BRICS grouping, among which India has the least ranking. Russia is ranked at 53rd position, followed by South Africa (56) and Brazil (57).
TOPICS
economy (general)
Weighed down by challenging economic conditions for most part of the past year, India has slipped to 71st position - the lowest among BRICS countries - in an annual global competitiveness list, with Switzerland claiming the top spot.
The annual list, released on Wednesday by Geneva-based World Economic Forum (WEF), comes at a time when the new Indian government has completed 100 days in power and has promised further steps to revive its economy and the ease of doing business in the country.
“Continuing its downward trend and losing 11 places, India ranks 71st. The country’s new government faces the challenge of improving competitiveness and reviving the economy, which is growing at half the rate of 2010,” WEF said.
As per the Global Competitiveness Report 2014-15 , Switzerland is the most competitive economy, followed by Singapore.
Other countries in the top ten are Finland (4), Germany (5), Japan (6), Hong Kong SAR (7), Netherlands (8), United Kingdom (9) and Sweden (10).
China, which has improved its position by one place to 28th spot, leads the BRICS grouping, among which India has the least ranking. Russia is ranked at 53rd position, followed by South Africa (56) and Brazil (57).
“India’s decline of 11 places to 71st, set against the gains of the ASEAN 5 countries, suggests that the competitiveness divide South and Southeast Asia is becoming more pronounced,” WEF said.
Besides India, WEF said that some of the world’s largest emerging market economies continue to face difficulties in improving competitiveness. These include Saudi Arabia (24th rank), Turkey (45), Mexico (61), Nigeria (127th), South Africa and Brazil - all of them have slipped in their rankings.
According to the report, India’s slide in the competitiveness rankings began in 2009, when its economy was still growing at 8.5 per cent (it even grew by 10.3 per cent in 2010).
“Back then, however, India’s showing in the Global Competitiveness Index (GCI) was already casting doubt about the sustainability of this growth.
“Since then, the country has been struggling to achieve growth of 5 per cent. The country has declined in most areas assessed by the GCI since 2007, most strikingly in institutions, business sophistication, financial market development, and goods market efficiency,” it added.
Noting that improving competitiveness would yield huge benefits for India, WEF said it would help re-balance the economy and move the country up the value chain ensuring more solid and stable growth.
“This in turn could result in more employment opportunities for the country’s rapidly growing population,” it added.
WEF further said that India needs to create a sound and stable institutional framework for local and foreign investors as well as improve connectivity.
The rankings are based on WEF’s GCI which is based on scores covering 12 categories.
They are institutions, infrastructure, macroeconomic environment, health and primary education, higher education and training, goods market efficiency, labour market efficiency, financial market development, technological readiness, market size, business sophistication and innovation.
“The strained global geopolitical situation, the rise of income inequality, and the potential tightening of the financial conditions could put the still tentative recovery at risk and call for structural reforms to ensure more sustainable and inclusive growth,” WEF Founder and Executive Chairman Klaus Schwab said.
As per the report, there is uneven implementation of structural reforms across different regions and levels of development as the biggest challenge to sustaining global growth.
Talent and innovation are the two areas where leaders in the public and private sectors need to collaborate more effectively in order to achieve sustainable and inclusive economic development, it added.
“The leading economies in the index all possess a track record in developing, accessing and utilising available talent, as well as in making investments that boost innovation.
“These smart and targeted investments have been possible thanks to a coordinated approach based on strong collaboration between the public and private sectors,” the report said.

Financial savvy is not something schools can teachSeptember 2, 2014 5:52 pm
Financial savvy is not something schools can teach
By Merryn Somerset Webb
Money earmarked for teaching finance should go towards maths education, writes Merryn Somerset Webb
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6223ea9e-328d-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Telenor s Proposal to Acquire Uninor Cleared by GovernmentApple Unveils Watch, Larger iPhones in Bid to Retake Innovation Crown
New Delhi: Norwegian telecom firm Telenor's proposal to take complete ownership of its Indian unit, Telewings Communications, has been cleared, the Finance Ministry said on Wednesday.
At present, Telenor owns a 74 per cent stake in Telewings Communications, which offers telecom services in India under the Uninor brand. The remaining 26 per cent stake is held by Lakshdeep Investments.
"The proposal of Telenor Mobile Communications AS, Norway through Telenor South Asia Investment Pte Ltd (TSAI), Singapore has been cleared."
"The foreign parent of an Indian company, engaged in the telecom sector, proposes to increase its shareholding from 74 per cent to 100 per cent and the proposed amount of FDI is Rs 78.08 crore," the ministry said.
Telenor had said its Indian unit had participated in two separate spectrum auctions to acquire radio waves in the range of 5Mhz to 7.2 Mhz in seven circles that together represent more than half of India's population.
The firm has also announced an additional investment of Rs 500 crore towards expansion of its network and distribution infrastructure by 30 per cent.
Uninor, which has over 39 million customers in the country, offers services in Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Bihar, Maharashtra, UP East and UP West.
The company had reported an operating profit of about Rs 1,531 crore for the January-March quarter because of one-time accounting adjustment of Rs 1,660 crore related to licence fees.
Story first published on: September 03, 2014 21:47 (IST)

Samsung unveils Galaxy Note 4Samsung unveils Galaxy Note 4
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 04, 2014 10:00 IST
Report said that new Galaxy Note 4 features a crisper, 5.7-inch display in a metal frame
 
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd has unveiled new versions of its Galaxy Note smartphone, says report.
Report said that new Galaxy Note 4 features a crisper, 5.7-inch display in a metal frame.
The new model offers accessories designed to attract gamers and an improved pen stylus and related software.
The Note 4 is key to a recovery by Samsung Electronics, which faced initial derision at the idea of callers holding elephantine screens up to their ears. 
Indices could swing at new highs!
India Infoline Research Team / 08:59, Sep 02, 2014
The indices are expect to open on a positive note. Some profit booking could always set in later in the day.
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Bank of Japan keeps monetary policy unchangedBank of Japan keeps monetary policy unchanged
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 04, 2014 09:14 IST
The central bank will conduct monetary policy operations so that monetary base will increase at an annual pace of 60-70 trillion yen.
 
The Bank of Japan (BOJ) on Thursday has kept monetary policy unchanged.
The central bank will conduct monetary policy operations so that monetary base will increase at an annual pace of 60-70 trillion yen.
Indices could swing at new highs!
India Infoline Research Team / 08:59, Sep 02, 2014
The indices are expect to open on a positive note. Some profit booking could always set in later in the day.
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

RBI revises norms for buying weak UCBs by commercial banksRBI revises norms for buying weak UCBs by commercial banks
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 04, 2014 09:12 IST
The revised guidelines require that big depositors holding deposits in excess of Rs 1 lakh each will sacrifice in proportion to the deposit erosion of the target bank
 
 
The Reserve Bank of India has modified the existing guidelines for transfer of assets and liabilities of urban cooperative banks (UCBs) to commercial banks by stipulating the conditions that the acquiring bank should not incur any loss arising out of merger/ transfer of assets and liabilities of UCBs.
The revised guidelines require that big depositors holding deposits in excess of Rs 1 lakh each will sacrifice in proportion to the deposit erosion of the target bank.
The revision in guidelines was undertaken with a view to facilitate the process of consolidation by way of non-disruptive exit of weak entities by a scheme of transfer of assets and liabilities of UCBs to commercial banks in a transparent manner without affecting the financial health of the acquiring entities and the banking system as a whole.
Indices could swing at new highs!
India Infoline Research Team / 08:59, Sep 02, 2014
The indices are expect to open on a positive note. Some profit booking could always set in later in the day.
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

RBI eases norms for ECB lenders to extend loans in rupeesRBI eases norms for ECB lenders to extend loans in rupees
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 04, 2014 09:05 IST
The lender should mobilise Indian Rupees through swaps undertaken with a bank in India
 
 
The RBI (Reserve Bank of India) has allowed ECB (external commercial borrowings) lenders to now extend loans in Indian rupees to domestic businesses.
With a view to providing greater flexibility for structuring of ECB arrangements, it has been decided that recognised non-resident ECB lenders may extend loans in Indian Rupees subject to the following conditions, RBI said in a notification on Wednesday.
The lender should mobilise Indian Rupees through swaps undertaken with a bank in India.
The ECB contract should comply with all other conditions applicable to the automatic and approval routes as the case may be, it added.
The all-in-cost of such ECBs should be commensurate with prevailing market conditions.
It said the lender would have to follow certain conditions, including currency swaps with authorised banks. 
Indices could swing at new highs!
India Infoline Research Team / 08:59, Sep 02, 2014
The indices are expect to open on a positive note. Some profit booking could always set in later in the day.
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Maruti eyes top slot in midsize sedan segment with CiazHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Maruti eyes top slot in midsize sedan segment with Ciaz
S Ronendra Singh
Maruti's midsize sedan Ciaz
Jaipur, Sept 3:  
The country's largest passenger car manufacturer Maruti Suzuki India (MSIL) on Wednesday said it expects the yet-to-be-launched midsize premium sedan, Ciaz, to be a market leader in its segment.
The latest car from MSIL's stable will be launched in the first week of October, Mayank Pareek, Chief Operating Officer - Marketing and Sales, MSIL, told presspersons here.
"The market size of the A3+ (midsize sedan) segment is about 16,000-18,000 units a month on an average and we are aiming for leadership in that segment with Ciaz. In the A3- (compact sedan) segment, the Dzire is already the market leader," he said.
Pareek said the company has a lot of loyal customers looking to upgrade from A3- and premium hatchbacks such as Swift and, therefore, such customers will be a major target for the latest car.
In order to make sure that the Ciaz is a successful model in the market, MSIL has trained around 2,800 staff across the company and its dealerships (around 1,370) to explain and convince customers about the car, he said.
"We have learnt after the Kizashi that importing completely built models make no sense. Also, the way you sell a hatchback such as the Alto is very different from how you sell a bigger car. While an Alto buyer can take one week to decide the purchase, a premium car customer wants a relationship and may take at least two-three weeks to decide the purchase," Pareek said.
MSIL said it took 42 months to develop the Ciaz, with most of the design work done in Japan.
Ciaz, which will be available in both petrol and diesel, will be competing with the likes of the Honda City and Hyundai Verna, which are in the price range of around Rs 7.20 lakh to Rs 11.75 lakh.
Apart from keeping Ciaz at a 'competitive price', MSIL also claims it is one of the most fuel-efficient cars in its segment. While the diesel version would give around 26.21 kmpl, the petrol variant would give around 20.73 kmpl, it said.
The car would have more legroom with features such as rear AC vents, projector head-lamps, and a seven-inch touchscreen infotainment system. The petrol version will also be available in automatic transmission.
According to analysts, the success of the vehicle will be decided once it enters the market and prices are announced.
"For the product to excel in the market place, the key is how the product is perceived by the customer on pricing, fuel, efficiency, look and overall cost of ownership ... if the product meets these criteria it will do well," Abdul Mazeed, Partner- Automotive Practices at PwC said.
Meanwhile, Pareek said MSIL expects to sell 25-30 per cent more cars this month as compared to August. The company sold around 98,000 units last month.
(This article was published on September 3, 2014)
Related

Fund Raising via Preferential Allotment Drops 34%You are here: Home Market
Fund Raising via Preferential Allotment Drops 34%
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 04, 2014 14:57 (IST)
Wockhardt Shares Gain on Unit Merger Plan
Fund raising by issuance of shares to promoters and shareholders on preferential basis has plunged by 34 per cent to Rs 2,159 crore in July as compared to the preceding month.
However, fund raising through preferential allotments is expected to increase in the coming months as many companies have lined up their plans.
According to latest data available with the stock exchanges, funds garnered by companies via preferential allotments declined to Rs 2,159 crore in July from Rs 3,271 crore in June.
Also, the number of preferential issues dropped to 29 in July from 44 in the previous month.
Market analysts said that companies have opted QIP (Qualified Institutional Placement) route to garner fresh capital instead of preferential mode.
The decline in fund-raising in July is coincided with the BSE's benchmark index Sensex climbing two cent during the period.
Overall, fund raising on preferential basis has reached to Rs 13,732 crore in the current financial year (2014-15). In the entire 2013-14 fiscal, companies had mopped up more than Rs 46,000 crore through this route.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 14:55 (IST)

UK closer to military action against IsisSeptember 4, 2014 8:37 pm
UK edges closer to military operations against Isis
By Sam Jones in Newport, Jim Pickard in London and George Parker in Blantyre
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e45404d8-3457-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buy JP Associates  Adani Enterprises: Sanjeev BhasinThe Nifty can close above 8,100 on Friday amid benign global cues. Overnight, the European Central Bank stunned markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
Weakness in oil and gold prices and resolution of Ukraine/Russia stand-off will improve sentiment globally.
For today, the following calls with a four to five-day trading outlook may do well,
1) Buy Adani Enterprises: 510-516, stop loss 498, target 545
2) Buy LIC Housing: 317-322, stop loss 309, target 343
Investment call for next 3 months;
JP Associates: Buy around 36-38, three-month target 57-60 -- The stock is under pressure due to promoter selling with late disclosures. The stock has been under pressure due to highly leveraged balance sheet and corporate governance issues. However, the company is selling assets to reduce debt. The book value is close to 57 and the value of assets is greater than what market cap the stock is now trading at.
Also carry previous trades ( Read here ).
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 08:41 (IST)

Emerging markets roar back to lifeEmerging markets roar back to life
By Jesse Solomon  @JesseSolomonCNN September 4, 2014: 5:12 PM ET
Employees outside of the National Stock Exchange in Mumbai, India. Stocks there have rallied this year.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
After a long slumber, emerging markets are finally waking up.
The iShares MSCI Emerging Market ETF, ( EEM ) which tracks the widely-followed benchmark for emerging market stocks, has surged 7% in the last three months, outpacing U.S. markets.
It's hard to recall that at the start of 2014, investors feverishly yanked nearly $11.5 billion from emerging markets funds amidst concerns that countries from China to Brazil were going to tank as the Federal Reserve pulled back its stimulus measures and raised interest rates.
Since then, roughly $13.8 billion has poured into emerging markets funds, according to data from Trim Tabs.
"There's so much more capacity for growth in these markets," claims Peter Kohli, who manages emerging market investments for DMS Funds in Leesport, Pennsylvania.
He says emerging markets are thriving despite the fact that the end is near for the Fed's stimulus program. "Now emerging markets are beginning to stand on their own, and I think it's a great sign."
But not all emerging markets are created equal. While Russia and Ukraine struggle, India is on a tear. The Mumbai Sensex ( SENSEX ) has risen almost 30% in 2014 as investors bet that new prime minister Narendra Modi can boost with the economy with market-minded reforms. Indonesia and Thailand are also bright spots.
Related: Indian economy gets a jolt
According to Kohli, the countries that have done well recently are those that have taken the political steps to become more integrated on the world stage.
"The choice is be part of the global economy and not only survive but thrive, or become more insular and suffer," he says.
That's in contrast to a nation like Russia, which has seen its currency and stock market plunge this year over its tension with the West over Ukraine.
Kohli, for his part, is down on China and Brazil, the big players in the emerging markets equation. Recent data from Brazil indicated that its economy slipped into recession in the second quarter, a period when the country was supposed to get a boon from an influx of visitors and investment for the World Cup. And concerns about China's frothy property market and shadow banking sector have weighed on investors for some time.
 
Hong Kong's housing at its worst
"Brazil had all the wrong things, and its economy has suffered," Kohli said. "I'm not a fan of China because they have an incredible real estate bubble that's going to explode."
But Michael Shaoul, CEO of Marketfield Asset Management, which manages $20 billion, thinks that investors are done selling in countries like Brazil and China. He considers the emerging markets rout earlier this year akin to a knee jerk reaction.
While he admits these countries have had a bad bout of economic data, he believes much of what's actually happening in their economies is misunderstood.
"It's a mismatch between corporate activity and economic data. The Chinese property market is a bad thing, but it doesn't have much to do with what's happening in the Shanghai equities market," he asserts, referring to China's main stock index.
"I don't deny that the data's bad; I just deny that it's directly relevant," he says.
Another factor in the emerging markets is new stimulus from the European Central Bank designed at propping up a stagnating Europe. While the ECB's easy money policies won't have as great of an impact on emerging markets as the Fed's bond buying program, it may have tangential effects. European companies, for example, should have more financial firepower to import goods from abroad.
Of course, the risks of investing in emerging markets are still real. Any major slowdown from a key player like China could spread to other emerging markets and derail the rally. And with interest rates persistently low, a sudden spike in rates could send traders scrambling for the exits.
Related: 4 risks for emerging markets
Regardless, Shaoul thinks the cloud hanging over emerging markets for the past several years is finally dissipating for real this time.
"I think emerging markets have been in the penalty box long enough," he said. "This is potentially still an exciting time to be investing there."
First Published: September 4, 2014: 2:05 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Rupee down 7 paise against US dollar  at 60.43Rupee snaps two-day rally to end at 60.39 against US dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 19:17 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee commenced lower at 60.44 against the US dollar from its previous close of 60.36 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market. It was then trapped in a limited range of 60.3775 and 60.5175 before finishing at 60.39 - a small loss of three paise or 0.05 per cent.
In the previous two days, it had risen by 32 paise or 0.53 per cent. These gains helped the domestic currency register its fifth straight weekly gains as it appreciated by 11 paise.
In the preceding four weeks, it had gained 3 paise, 29 paise, 39 paise and 3 paise against the Greenback.
FPIs/FIIs injected US $286.54 million on Thursday, as per provisional data after picking up shares worth a net US $216.91 million on Wednesday.
Meanwhile, the Indian benchmark S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Friday declined by another 59.23 points, or 0.22 per cent.
The dollar index was down 0.10 per cent against its major global rivals ahead of announcement of US non-farm payrolls for August.
The European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday surprisingly cut its key policy rates to record low and announced additional measures to fuel the flagging economy.
According to forex dealers, it will help Asian currencies as liquidity will flow into Asia, including India.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said, "Rupee traded range bound and ended slightly weak. It is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities ."
The trading range for the Spot rupee is expected to be within 60.00 to 60.80, he added.
In the forwards market on Friday, premium remained mixed.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February eased further to 242.5-244.5 paise from 243.5-245.5 paise previously while far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 improved to 495.5-497.5 paise from 493.5-495.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.4385 and for the euro at 78.1953.
The rupee fell back sharply against the pound to 98.48 from Thursday's close of 99.27 and also tumbled to 78.26 per euro from 79.25.
It, however, improved further to 57.41 per 100 Japanese yen from 57.50.

Rupee falls in morning trade  flows eyedLast Updated at 12:52 PM IST
Rupee continues to fall; weak shares hurt
The rupee is trading at 60.43/44 versus its previous close of 60.3550/3650.
The rupee is trading at 60.43/44 versus its previous close of 60.3550/3650.
 
The USD/INR pair is sustaining gains despite monetary stimulus by the ECB as most funding in India remains dollar denominated, say traders.
 
Losses in other Asian currencies and the euro versus the greenback are also hurting the Indian unit.
 
The European Central Bank cut interest rates and launched a large stimulus package for the flagging euro zone economy on Thursday.
 
Losses in the share market are also hurting. The Nifty is trading down 0.32%.
 
Traders are now awaiting US nonfarm payrolls data due later on Friday for further direction.
 

How an anonymous phone call ends in girl traffickingComments
It usually starts with a missed call. When the call is returned, the person at the other end of the phone compliments the caller on, say, her voice. Unlike a normal relationship, these “phone relationships” in poor villages of North Bengal take quick leaps. Within a day or two, the person who had given the missed call proposes marriage to the teenager. He doesn’t want to wait. They must elope. There is a promise of love, faithfulness and always a better life in a big city.
It’s a promise that is false. As many as 82,101 children went missing across India in 2013-14 (till February), of whom 48,688 were from West Bengal, according to government figures. A 2004 report by the National Human Rights Commission on trafficking of women and children said that one-third of children reported missing every year in India remained untraced and that many of these were trafficked. Read more

Al-Qaeda wants to portray Modi as enemy of ...Al-Qaeda
("This video, the first from…)
WASHINGTON: Al-Qaeda, which has announced the creation of a separate wing for India, wants to portray Prime Minister Narendra Modi as an enemy of Islam and as such India should take its threat "very seriously", a well-known American counter-terror expert said today even as the US tried to downplay the terrorist outfit's capabilities.
"This video, the first from al-Qaeda leader Ayman Al- Zawahiri this year, should be taken very seriously. Al-Qaeda wants to portray Prime Minister Modi as an enemy of Islam," ex-CIA analyst Bruce Riedel , who is considered to be one of the US' top experts on counter-terrorism, said.
"From its base in Pakistan and with its close links to Lashkar-e-Taiba , al-Qaeda is a dangerous menace to India," Riedel said when asked about the latest video of Zawahiri announcing al-Qaeda's creation of a new branch for the Indian subcontinent to wage jihad in India, including in Kashmir,
Gujarat and Assam with the goal of establishing a caliphate and impose sharia ranging from Afghanistan to Myanmar.
Zawahiri had announced new branch of al-Qaeda called "Qaedat al-Jihad in the Indian Subcontinent", "seeking to raise the flag of jihad, return Islamic rule, and imposing Sharia across the Indian subcontinent," in the video which was posted on various social media websites including YouTube.
Reiterating that the new Indian government should take the threat very seriously, Riedel said that New Delhi should increase its counter-terrorism co-operation with the US and Afghanistan.
After the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, counter-terrorism cooperation between India and the US has increased significantly.
The US, however, is yet verify the authenticity of the video or the creation of a new wing of al-Qaeda.
"We haven't been able to verify that yet. Obviously, we're looking to see if there's more information we can get about this here," State Department Deputy Spokesperson Marie Harf told reporters at her daily news conference.
But many counter-terror experts like Riedel do not necessarily agree with the State Department and view this as a new threat from al-Qaeda.
"I think Al-Zawahiri's announcement of the establishment of al-Qaeda's branch for South Asia is worrying because it has come just days before the 9/11 anniversary," said Tufail Ahmad of the 'Jihad and Terrorism Threat Monitor' of Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI).
"It will keep Indian and Western intelligence agencies on tenterhooks for next several weeks. It is possible that al-Qaeda hasn't been able to do something spectacular like the Islamic State led by Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi and therefore is under pressure to mount a major attack. India must take this development with utmost seriousness," Ahmad said.
Having monitoring al-Qaeda activities in South Asia for some time now, Ahmad said it had been clear that something like this was coming up.
"Earlier this year, al-Qaeda's broadcasting arm As-Sahab established a dedicated media arm called 'As-Sahab South Asia' and now al-Qaeda's establishment of 'Al-Qaeda Jihad Organisation in South Asia' is part of the same continuing efforts to attract youths from India to jihadist battlefields," he said.
"Over the past year and a half, Maulana Asim Umar, who has been appointed as emir of the new al-Qaeda branch in South Asia, issued a series of videos in which he worried why Indian Muslims were not being seen in the jihadist battlefields like Syria and Yemen and he also addressed Kashmiri Muslims, asking them 'who snatched your Kalashnikovs and handed stones in your hands?'," Ahmad said. "We also don't regard this announcement as an indication of any new capabilities by al-Qaeda," she said.
At the same time, she reiterated that the US remains committed to dismantling al-Qaeda anywhere that it poses a threat to the US and make sure that it doesn't renew its threat to America.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty consolidate; tech  oil stocks lend supportSep 05, 2014, 12.11 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty consolidate; tech, oil stocks lend support
ONGC, GAIL, Hindalco, Bajaj Auto and L&T are major gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are HDFC, Coal India, Bharti Airtel, BHEL and Hero MotoCorp.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty consolidate; tech, oil stocks lend support
ONGC, GAIL, Hindalco, Bajaj Auto and L&T are major gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are HDFC, Coal India, Bharti Airtel, BHEL and Hero MotoCorp.
Post your opinion here
11:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
1:55 am Market outlook: Indian equities are not overvalued at this point and the Nifty could touch 9000 by March, feels Vibhav Kapoor, group Chief Investment Officer, IL&FS.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s, Kapoor says global equities in general are in a sweet spot, and even if the Fed were to hike rates, liquidity flows to emerging market would not impacted in a big way.
Kapoor feels some capital goods shares are expensive at current levels, but he is bullish on Larsen and Toubro if the economy can sustain the pace of recovery seen in the first quarter.
Similarly, he says he will turn positive on banks and NBFCs if the economy continues to be on the mend. Kapoor says concerns over high interest rates is a cause of worry for the market, but does not see the RBI cutting rates near term.
 11:30 am Buzzing: Shares of Jyoti hit 20 percent upper circuit at Rs 79.30 per share, riding on the largest hydel order received by it till date.
The Gujarat-based hydro turbines and generators manufacturer's JV with Megha Engineering & Infrastructure has won a 5-year deal from Narmada Nigam for EPC of civil, electro-mechanical and hydro-mechanical works including operations and maintenance for Saurashtra Branch Canal Project in Mehsana district. 
The Jyoti's portion in the order is worth around Rs 100 crore for supply of electro-mechanical equipment, the company said. Power produced from these plants will offser power required for canal operation to some extent.
Don't miss: India blackouts casts shadow over Modi's economic recovery
The market is consolidating for second day with major support from IT, oil, infra and metals. The Sensex is up 34.26 points at 27120.19 and the Nifty is up 15.20 points at 8111.15. About 1488 shares have advanced, 847 shares declined, and 103 shares are unchanged.
ONGC, GAIL, Hindalco, Bajaj Auto and L&T are major gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are HDFC, Coal India, Bharti Airtel, BHEL and Hero MotoCorp.
The only reason for the market to correct right now is to take catch its breath, before it takes off again, as there is nothing in negative lurking around the corner that could halt the equity market bull run. That’s the word coming in from CNBC-TV18’s Udayan Mukherjee, who believes a correction, if and when it happens, is unlikely to be a massive one.
Mukherjee says it is heartening to see that the market, while it makes new highs almost every other day, is punishing stocks with faulty fundamentals.
“This tells you the rally has not been an indiscriminate one. In the past you would see many rallies, which have often meant anything high beta has actually outperformed the Nifty. That has not happened this time around. So many infra stocks are down in the last three months. Real estate as a sector has got smashed up and any stocks, without mentioning names, which owed its past gains to political patronage of some kind or has not be able to fix their balance sheet despite this kind of buoyant equity market are getting punished,” he said.
The European Central Bank cut interest rates and launched a large stimulus package for the flagging euro zone economy on Thursday. Traders are now awaiting the US nonfarm payrolls for further direction.
10:00

Al-Qaeda wants to portray Narendra Modi as  enemy of IslamApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Nithari killer Surinder Koli to be hanged on Sept 12Press Trust of India |  Meerut Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:00 AM IST
Nithari killer Surinder Koli to be hanged on Sept 12
This will be the first execution of a death sentence convict under the new NDA government
Nithari serial killer Surinder Koli, who has been sentenced to death for the brutal killing of a 14-year-old girl, will be hanged in Meerut jail on September 12, Jail Superintendent S H M Rizvi said thursday night.
"The hanging will be carried out on September 12...All the rules and procedures will be followed", he told reporters here.
A warrant was issued on Wednesday by Ghaziabad's Additional sessions Judge Atul Kumar Gupta in the name of 42-year-old Koli that he should be hanged to death after the convict exhausted all his legal remedies in this case.
Koli, lodged in a jail in Ghaziabad, has been sentenced to death in connection with the killing of Rimpa Halder and in four other cases.
This will be the first execution of a death sentence convict under the new NDA government.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh had earlier recommended to President Pranab Mukherjee that Koli's mercy plea be rejected, barely a month after he had taken over as the minister.
The President rejected the mercy petition on July 27, paving the way for the judicial process to commence for hanging of Koli.
There are 11 cases of murder pending against Koli. CBI had filed charge sheet against him in 16 cases where he had allegedly killed children after sexually abusing them.
The Rimpa Halder case came to light in December, 2006 when a girl who went missing was found murdered later by Koli.
Investigations into the case led the probe team into more gruesome murders of children and their skeletal remains were recovered from a drain adjacent to the house where Koli was working as a domestic servant in Nithari locality of Noida, Uttar Pradesh.
Koli was awarded death sentence by a lower court, which was upheld by the Allahabad High Court and confirmed by the Supreme Court on February 15, 2011 for the murder of Rimpa Halder in 2005.
Holding that Koli "appears to be the serial killer", the court had said "No mercy can be shown to him."
A total of 16 cases were registered against Koli. His employer Moninder Singh Pandher, who was also sentenced to death in Rimpa Halder case, was acquitted by the Allahabad High Court.
Out of 16 cases filed against Koli, he has been awarded death sentence in five of them so far and others are still under trial.
Here is a look at the top 10 most gruesome murders in the country: 
 Advertisements

Tablets a new threat to Rs 10 000 cr IIT  IIM and GMAT coaching industryTablets a new threat to Rs 10,000 cr IIT, IIM and GMAT coaching industry
Sreeradha Basu, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 12.32PM IST
Tags:
Byju Raveendran
(Tablet teaching is shaking…)
MUMBAI: Getting ready for the IIT entrance exam? Meet your tutor- the tablet. The electronic device is becoming an increasingly popular aid to aspirants preparing for admission tests. Those who find the price too high for lectures bundled with tablets can even pay through EMIs.
Tablet teaching is shaking up the world of traditional test prep coaching, as students shrug off the notion that there's no real alternative to classroom learning. There's been a jump in the number of people subscribing to the trend as they train themselves to write the Common Admission Test (CAT) for entry to the Indian Institutes of Management, the GMAT for MBA programmes in the US, the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) for the IIT and the civil service exams, among others.
No wonder Samsung, traditional brick and mortar enterprises and digital education companies are all looking for a piece of the action in this fast-growing segment.
'The 10,000-crore plus coaching mandi is now under threat from the tablet coaching business,' says TV Mohandas Pai, chairman of Manipal Global Education. 'Traditional classroom coaching will see a decline over the years. It takes up too much time, is much more expensive and teaches a lot of unnecessary stuff. Here, there is genuine learning.'
Around 45-50 lakh students appear for various admission tests annually. According to industry estimates, the test preparation market in India last year was worth $2.2 billion, including both online and regular coaching, study material and mock tests for entrance exams. It's estimated to surge to $3 billion by year end. The online segment/virtual classrooms, including tablet teaching, is about 10% of the business and easily the fastest-growing segment, say experts.
Pai has direct experience of the acceleration in growth. A little more than four months ago, Manipal Group-funded education startup Think and Learn tied up with Samsung Electronics to provide coaching modules for CAT, GMAT, JEE and the civil service exams exclusively on the company's devices. The lessons are being provided by Think and Learn unit Byju's Classes.
Since the soft launch in May, sales through the tie-up are already at Rs 15 crore compared with a total of Rs 20 crore in the whole of last year, said 34-year-old Byju Raveendran, founder and CEO of Byju's Classes, which also provides coaching for Class 8-10 in math and science. More than 9,500 students have bought courses so far. Of these, more than 4,000 have been for test prep. Prices in the test prep segment start at Rs 20,000 for GRE/GMAT/CAT crash courses and go up to Rs 35,000.
R Khanna, working at a tech company, is getting ready up to sit for the CAT this year. He's bought the Byju's Classes CAT package on an installment plan, paying a little more than 2,500 per month. He says tablet teaching is a boon for executives like him who can't make it for regular or even intensive weekend classes.
  School teacher S Roy bought her son a JEE Main and Advanced combo pack for physics on a Lenovo tablet from iProf. 'He felt he needed more help in the subject and the video lectures and mock tests helped him a lot,' she says.
The tie-up with Byju's, incidentally, is part of a larger initiative by Samsung Electronics, which on September 2 announced Smart Learning, an innovative education solution pegged as India's first digital education store. Launched under its Media Solutions Centre or MSC division, the store can be accessed through all Samsung tablets and is designed to offer interactive study material to students, right from those in school to those preparing for competitive exams.
The company is engaged in consumer connect programmes to promote the initiative. So far, one in every five who experience the campaign is getting converted, says Asim Warsi, Samsung India's VP for marketing, mobile and IT.
'Besides work-related and entertainment requirements, there is an important need for tablets in the area of education,' says Warsi. Sanjay Purohit, founder-CEO of digital education company iProf, one of the early movers in this space, agrees. '80-85% education can be done in asynchronous mode. The rest of the time, we provide connectivity to teachers through phone, drop boxes or live video sessions,' says Purohit. In January, iProf raised $9 million ( 55 crore) in Series B funding from a consortium of investors.
At iProf, test preparation accounts for 55% of overall revenue. Over time, content has become much more interactive and last year, it had more than 1 lakh users on the test prep side. In fact, says Purohit, the company generated more business in July alone than it did in the whole of last year. Last year, the company is estimated to have done business of around Rs 20-25 crore through software alone.

Free undertrials who served half of maximum term: SC'Release undertrials who have spent half their term'
Agencies  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 12:13 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:49 IST(5/9/2014)
The Supreme Court on Friday ordered overcrowded jails to free all undertrials who have served half their maximum term, a landmark ruling that marks the Narendra Modi government’s first step towards judicial reform.
 
More than two-thirds of India’s nearly four million prisoners are awaiting trial, according to human rights organisation Amnesty International, and many have already spent years in prison.
 
The law says prisoners awaiting trial must be released once they have served half the maximum sentence they would receive if found guilty, but that law is rarely implemented.
 
An apex court bench headed by Chief Justice of India RM Lodha said that prisons must comply with the law and ordered local judges and magistrates to oversee the process. Prisoners serving life terms or slapped with death penalty will, however, not come under the ambit of this new programme, that will be first implemented in Delhi’s Tihar Jail.
 
“Judicial officers shall identify prisoners who have completed half of the maximum period of imprisonment provided for offences they are charged with,” Lodha said. “After completing the procedure they should pass appropriate orders in the jail itself for the release of undertrial prisoners.”
 
The court said the two months’ drive, which will start on October 1, will see a sessions judge and judicial officers subordinate to him visiting jails under their jurisdiction to examine such cases and ordering the undertrials’ release.
 

Australian shares close near three-week lowsAustralian shares close near three-week lows
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney, Sept 5:  
Australian shares lost 0.6 per cent on Friday to finish near three-week lows as the resource sector was hit by a rout in iron ore prices and the sentiment was hurt by Wall Street's decline.
The S&P/ASX 200 index dropped 32.6 points to 5,598.7 at the close of trade, suffering its biggest one-day percentage loss in a month. The benchmark, which shed 0.4 percent on Thursday, lost 0.5 percent for the week, its second week of losses.
New Zealand's benchmark NZX 50 index added 0.5 per cent or 25.3 points to finish the session at 5,253.9.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

BJP says it hasn t received invitation to form Govt in DelhiANI |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:59 AM IST
BJP says it hasn't received invitation to form Govt in Delhi
Upadhyay's comments came after media reports said that Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung has sent a recommendation to the President to invite BJP
Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay today said that his party has not yet received any information or invitation to form the government in Delhi.
Upadhyay told ANI, "Our strategy is clear from day one. We have not received any invitation or information yet."
"Even if these reports are true, we have no information as of now. If we receive any such invitation, we will critically analyze it. And we will think whether we can form the government or not, what is our position and who will support us," he said.
"We have never claimed that we want to form the government. Our numbers are still less. We don't know who will give us support. When the invitation comes, we will think about it," Upadhyay told ANI.
Upadhyay's comments came after media reports said that Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung has sent a recommendation to the President to invite BJP, which has the highest numbers in the Delhi Assembly, to form the government in the capital.
Another BJP leader Nalin Kohli also told ANI that the BJP had reached where it is today based on the efforts made by its workers.
Kohli said, "The BJP has reached where it is today based on the efforts made and the commitment to its ideology by thousands of its workers for many decades. We are in the service of the nation, unlike the AAP whose whole politics is based on accusations and trying to remain relevant in the media."
Meanwhile, the Aam Aadmi Party has termed the reported move as "unconstitutional".
AAP leader Ashutosh told ANI, "It would be unconstitutional if a party that has refused in writing, is invited to form government."
Delhi has been under the President's rule since February 17 this year after Arvind Kejriwal resigned as the Chief Minister in protest against the Lieutenant Governor's refusal to allow the introduction of the 'Janlokpal Bill' in the Assembly.
 Advertisements

Provisioning highlights the mess at United SpiritsShishir Asthana |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:46 PM IST
Provisioning highlights the mess at United Spirits
A deep dig into the liquor major's accounts throws up a cocktail of poorly-managed finances and weak corporate governance
After an initial sharp reaction to the huge losses it reported, United Spirits has recovered some ground. After postponing its earnings announcement three times since May 15, 2014, United Spirits finally managed to arrive at the provisioning figures which resulted in a net loss of Rs 5,380.10 crore on a standalone basis for the quarter ended March 2014. 
 
One reason for the stock’s quick recovery was that the markets had already been expecting large losses after the company’s June 3 warning that it would take a hit of Rs 3,690.3 crore to its net worth. This was because the proceeds from the sale of its Whyte and Mackay whisky business would not be enough to repay the loan taken to buy it in the first place.
ALSO READ:  Provisions crush United Spirits' earnings as FY14 loss balloons to Rs 4,489 crore
 
But more than the numbers and financial performance of the company, the appended management and auditors’ notes make for interesting reading, explaining why the company had to postpone its reporting on three occasions. 
 
The notes also highlight the way United Spirits, the cash cow of the UB group, was milked to prop up other group companies. It also lays bare the poor standard of corporate governance in some Indian companies. After Ranbaxy, United Spirits is the second Indian company in recent times to be sold to foreign players on valuations which did not match the firm’s inherent fundamentals.
ALSO READ:  Diageo-led USL probes loans to UB, associates
But let’s look at what Diageo has discovered – its financial scrutiny is ongoing – before announcing its audited numbers. The story behind the provisioning in United Spirits reveals the mess in company. Following are the provisioning made by the company and the reason for doing so:
 
The biggest provisioning has been in the case of sale of Whyte and Mackay which was acquired in 2007 for $1.2 billion using high leverage. This business has been sold by Diageo at a loss of GBP 429.15 million. The sale proceeds were clearly not enough to pay back the loan with which it had been acquired, so a provision of Rs 3,690.3 crore had to be created to reflect the loss. The only consolation is that it is the cleanest of all the provisions.
 
The notes in the company’s results reads: “Certain parties who had previously given undisputed balance confirmations for the year ended 31 March, 2013 claimed in their balance confirmations to the Company for the year ended 31 March 2014 that they advanced certain amounts to certain alleged UB group entities, and that the dues owed by such parties to the company will, to the extent of the amounts owing by such alleged UB group entities to such parties in respect of such advances, to be paid/refunded by such parties to the company only upon receipt of their dues from such alleged UB group entities.” These dues to the Company (USL) are on account of advances made by it in earlier years under agreements for enhancing capacity, obtaining exclusivity and lease deposits in relation to Tie-up Manufacturing Units (TMUs); agreements for specific projects; or dues owing to the Company from customers. These dues were duly confirmed by the parties as payable to the company in earlier years but these parties are now disputing the amounts. The board has authorized a detailed inquiry in the matter and has made a provision for Rs 649.55 crore against it.
 
USL has also provided for Rs 330.32 crore against a loan of Rs 1,422.31 crore from its wholly-owned subsidiary United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd (UBHL). It has been found that an amount of Rs 1337.40 crore has been recorded in a board resolution on 11 October 2012 as dues (together with interest) as an unsecured loan by way of an agreement entered into between the company and UBHL. It has also been found that the loan is for a tenure of eight years with a moratorium of six years and carries an interest rate of 9.5% to be paid from the 18th month onwards.
 
On May 5, 2014, less than two weeks before the company was supposed to announce its results, it received a letter from an entity (alleged claimant) saying that it had given loans amounting to Rs 200 crore to Kingfisher Airlines at an interest rate of 15% on the basis of agreements executed in December 2011 and January 2012. Under the several obligations under the purported agreements, certain investments held by the company were subject to a lien, and requires USL, pending the repayment of the said loan, to pledge such investments in favour of the alleged claimant to secure the loans in question. On further inquiry, it was found that the board of directors of the company had not approved or ratified any such agreement. Based on legal opinion, the company has not provided for any liability or obligation in this case. The case, however, raises the fear the hidden skeletons in the cupboard that could come tumbling out later.
 
According to Varun Lohchab of CIMB, of the three provisions that have been mentioned by the company, only the one classified as loan to UBHL can increase going forward. The balance sheet of United Spirits has gone through a severe cleaning but at a huge cost to its net worth. According to the auditors’ note, the company has lost 52% of its four-year peak net worth and will therefore be required to file a report under the Section 23 of the Sick Industrial Companies (Special Provisions) Act, 1985. The board beliefs that this is only a technical requirement and that the long term prospects of the business remains unaffected as the losses are on account of exceptional items. 
 

US dollar hits six-year high against yen in ...euro
(Upbeat data for the world's…)
TOKYO: The dollar soared to a near six-year high against the yen Friday on upbeat expectations for US jobs data , while the euro sank after the European Central Bank launched a surprise round of monetary easing.
The greenback jumped to 105.69 yen in early Asian trade -- its highest level since the depths of the global financial crisis in October 2008 -- before easing slightly to 105.33 yen. However, it was still above the 105.22 yen seen in New York.
The euro, which fell below $1.30 for the first time since July 2013 on Thursday, bought $1.2931 compared with $1.2945 in US trade while it was unchanged at 136.22 yen.
Upbeat data for the world's number one economy have helped boost the dollar recently, with key jobs numbers scheduled for later Friday.
The US currency has also been given a lift against the yen as investors shift out of the euro after the ECB's announcement.
The dollar's rebound to crisis-era levels is psychologically significant, said Junichi Ishikawa, market analyst at IG Securities.
"This will send a signal to the market that further advances in the dollar lie ahead," Ishikawa said.
ECB policymakers on Thursday cut eurozone interest rates to 0.05 per cent from 0.15 per cent and the deposit rate to minus 0.2 per cent from minus 0.1 per cent, meaning lenders will now have to pay more to keep their cash at the central bank.
It also unveiled plans to purchase asset-backed securities to help kick-start lending in the region, which is dogged by the threat of deflation.
"The ECB over-delivered versus consensus market expectations," National Australia Bank said in a note.
Tsuyoshi Hirota, chief manager of the forex department at Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking, said some market players were "taking dollar-buying opportunities ahead of the release of the (US) jobs data" Friday.
"Strong figures are expected, prompting short-term buying," he said of the August employment data.
The US economy's upward momentum has fuelled speculation the Federal Reserve will hike interest rates sooner than later, which would boost the greenback.
On Thursday, the Bank of Japan (BoJ) kept its loose monetary policy in place but held off expanding the programme. It stuck to its rosy view of the world's number three economy despite mounting evidence that an April sales tax hike has stalled growth.
The dollar was mostly higher against other Asia-Pacific currencies. It strengthened to Sg$1.2558 from Sg$1.2518 on Thursday, to 32.11 Thai baht from 32.03 baht, to 1,025.25 South Korean won from 1,018.75 won, and to 43.66 Philippine pesos from 43.57 pesos.
The dollar also rose to Tw$29.94 from Tw$29.90 and to 60.43 Indian rupees from 60.42 rupees, while it edged down to 11,765.00 Indonesian rupiah from 11,766.30 rupiah.
The Australian dollar inched up to 93.41 US cents from 93.38 cents while the Chinese yuan rose to 17.12 yen from 17.09 yen.
FEATURED ARTICLES

After recent stumbles  Maruti back in pink of healthSep 05, 2014, 12.44 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
After recent stumbles, Maruti back in pink of health
A slew of good news emanating from the carmaker suggests it is not resting on its laurels.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
After recent stumbles, Maruti back in pink of health
A slew of good news emanating from the carmaker suggests it is not resting on its laurels.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Hit by a raft of bad news over the past couple of years, India’s largest carmaker  Maruti Suzuki is increasingly showing signs it has put all of them behind as it gears up to defend its numero-uno position in the Indian market in an aggressive fashion.
A behemoth in the Indian auto industry, thanks to the sheer dint of scale it derived from its pre-liberalization, nationalized days, Maruti’s hegemony appeared to be under threat around the year 2012 as rising competition, coupled with a slowing market, appeared to be taking off its sheen.
To make matters worse, it was hit by an ugly labour unrest that witnessed the death of a worker. This disrupted its supply chain, caused a dent in its brand value and resulted in its market share hitting an all-time low of 38 percent, from about 50 percent only a few years before that.
The above-mentioned developments resulted in sales and net profit coming off for the carmaker. Between financial years 2010 and 2012, its sales grew a measly 10 percent annualized (from Rs 30,656 crore to Rs 37,067 crore) while its net profits fell 20 percent (from Rs 2,545 crore to Rs 1,633 crore).
The poor financial performance showed up in the company’s shares. Between fiscal years 2009 and 2013, every Rs 10,000 invested in Maruti would have increased to Rs 16,700 while the same invested in the BSE auto index would have grown to nearly Rs 33,000.
Much has changed for the carmaker since. The past one year has witnessed the company sail from one bit of good news to another – marred only by a few blips in between.
First, the carmaker has continued to play the volume game well by continuing to rejig its line-up of cars: it currently has 12 cars in the Indian market across the hatchback, sedan and utility vehicle segments, the most by any company.
Over the past few years, not only has Maruti been able to continue to satisfy the demands of its customers by keeping its line-ups fresh. It did this by not only phasing out the Maruti 800 or the slow-selling A-Star and Estilo but also by coming up with frequent facelifts for its bestsellers such as Wagon R, Swift and DZire.
Maruti has also taken a lead in continously bringing innovations to the industry such as launching the Ertiga (the first-of-its-kind major product to feature a seven-seater vehicle with a sub 2.0 litre fuel-efficient engine at a Rs 10 lakh price), bringing in automated manual transmission gearbox with the Celerio (which combines the fuel efficiency and low cost of a manual gearbox with the ease of an automatic) as well by launching most of its major products in a CNG version.
All of this has helped it regain lost market share, which is now back near the 50 percent mark.
While things appeared to have quietened on the labour front, Maruti also looked to diversify its labour risk by agreeing to a deal with its parent company Suzuki, which this year said it would launch a plant in Gujarat. The deal, however, met with stiff opposition from institutional investors who said it was unfair for shareholders of the Indian company as terms of the deal dictated Maruti would finance most of the plant’s expansion (without having its ownership).
To that, Maruti sweetened the deal by removing most of the objectionable clauses – it is now expected that not only would the Gujarat deal meet shareholder approval, it would also result in immense savings for the company.
That’s not all. A few days back, Maruti announced it would start paying royalty to Suzuki in Indian rupees rather than in yen (which stood at 6 percent of sales last year), another demand that institutional shareholders had raised in the past few years.
This would insulate the company from forex risks by fixing the net royalty outgo at a certain percentage of sales and not result in spikes during times of yen depreciation.
In an interview with PTI , chairman RC Bhargava also said the company is looking to further increase up its local research & development processes, which would result in royalties coming off further.
The recent yen depreciation, too, would help further help Maruti in the short term, as it would reduce the cost of parts it imports from Suzuki in Japan.
The yen is currently at trading at 105.3 to the US dollar, the lowest in five years and has depreciated 2.6 percent in the past one month itself.
According to analysts, every 1 percent depreciation in the yen increases Maruti’s operating profit margins by 20 basis points, or 0.2 percent. Some believe this effect has not yet been factored into analysts’ FY15 earnings forecasts.
The list of recent good news is rounded off with the list of launches Maruti has lined up. It recently launched the Ciaz, a premium sedan to replace the ageing SX4, which according to recent reviews has all the trappings of a blockbuster.
Beyond that, Maruti is looking to launch a compact sports utility vehicle. This would create its presence in the fast-selling segment that has recently been dominated by the Ford EcoSport and Renault Duster.
Not surprisingly, Maruti shares have been on a tear over the past one year, rising 122 percent, compared to a 58 percent rise for the auto index. But this could only be the start of the turnaround.
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On September 10, 2014, at  15:03 hrs Maruti Suzuki India was quoting at Rs 2906.00, down Rs 4.95, or 0.17 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2963.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 1301.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 96.45 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 30.13. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.18.
RELATED NEWS

77 per cent of teenage Indian girls endure sexual violence: UNUrgent aid needed. Help Now
United Nations: About 77 per cent of girls aged between 15 and 19 in India have been subjected to sexual violence by their spouses, according to a report by UNICEF which also said more than half of the girls in the age group faced physical abuse at the hands of their parents.
The UN Children's Fund (UNICEF) report titled "Hidden in Plain Sight" said violence against children is so prevalent and deeply ingrained in societies that it is often unseen and accepted as the norm. The report said that 77 per cent of girls aged 15 to 19 years in India have at least once experienced forced sexual intercourse or any other forced sexual acts by their current husband or partner.
Partner violence is also pervasive in South Asia, where at least one in five girls who have ever been married or in union experienced partner violence. In this region, the prevalence of partner violence is particularly high in Bangladesh and India.
The UNICEF report said violence against children is so prevalent and deeply ingrained in societies that it is often unseen and accepted as the norm.
The report said that in India 34 per cent of ever-married girls aged 15 to 19 years have experienced some form of physical, sexual or emotional violence committed by their husbands or partners. The report added that about 21 per cent of girls aged 15 to 19 in India had experienced physical violence since age 15.
It said the identity of the most common perpetrator varied by the marital status of the victim. "Not surprisingly, among ever-married girls who experienced physical violence since age 15, a current or former partner was cited most often in all of the countries," it said.
The report further added that girls who had not been married were most likely to report physical violence at the hands of family members, friends, acquaintances and teachers.
The most commonly reported perpetrator was the victim's mother or stepmother, with over half of single girls reporting this in Azerbaijan, Cambodia, Haiti, India, Liberia, Sao Tome and Principe, and Timor-Leste.
In India, 41 per cent of girls aged 15 to 19 years had experienced physical violence since age 15 by their mother or step-mother while 18 per cent had been subjected to physical violence by their fathers and step-fathers.
India also had the third highest number of young homicide victims in 2012.
Nearly 9,400 children and adolescents aged 0 to 19 years were killed in India in 2012. The report also noted that 41-60 per cent girls aged 15 to 19 think that a husband or partner is "justified in hitting or beating his wife or partner" under some circumstances.
The report, which draws on data from 190 countries, found that about two-thirds of children worldwide or almost one billion between ages 2 and 14 are subjected to physical punishment by their caregivers on a regular basis.

Federer savors phenomenal fightback against MonfilsFederer savors phenomenal fightback against Monfils
BJP may get invite to form govt in Delhi | LG promoting horse-trading: AAPBJP
(Top sources in the government…)
NEW DELHI: BJP is likely to be invited to form a government in Delhi with Lt Governor Najeeb Jung sending a report to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to call the single largest party to take a shot at power though it is well short of majority in the Assembly.
In his report, Jung gave a detailed analysis of the political situation in the city and underlined the need to have an elected government in the city which is under President's rule since February 17 following resignation of the Aam Aadmi Party government which was in power for 49 days.
The Lt Governor said though no party has staked claim to form government in Delhi, the BJP could be invited to take the reins as it is the single largest party in the Assembly.
Jung observed that all options for putting in place an elected government should be explored before contemplating holding of fresh polls.
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said the party would examine if it was invited to form government.
Sources in BJP said almost all its MLAs and senior "Delhi leaders were not in favour of facing Assembly election immediately and have already conveyed their views to top leadership.
BJP, along with its ally Akali Dal's one MLA, has 29 MLAs in the Assembly and it will require support of five more legislators to prove majority in the House.
BJP had won 31 seats in the 70-member Assembly but the number of BJP MLAs came down to 28 as three party legislators Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pervesh Verma had resigned from the Assembly after they were elected to Lok Sabha.
Following resignation of the three legislators, the strength of the Assembly had come down to 67 and BJP will require support of at least five more MLAs to reach the majority mark of 34 to prove its majority in the House.
The Aam Aadmi Party had won 28 seats in its debut Assembly elections and had later formed the government with outside support from Congress' eight MLAs.
The government led by Kejriwal had resigned on February 14 after the party's pet project, the Janlokpal Bill, could not be passed due to opposition from BJP and Congress.
President's Rule was imposed in Delhi on February 17. The Lt Governor had not favoured dissolution of the Delhi Assembly as recommended by the Council of Ministers headed by Kejriwal and kept the Assembly in suspended animation.
Last week the Congress and AAP had cautioned the Lt Governor not to take any "unconstitutional move" by inviting BJP to form government.
Both the parties have been demanding immediate dissolution of the Assembly, saying keeping it in suspended animation will encourage horse trading.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No stopping Monsanto; stock rallies 40% in a month | JP Associates slips another 14%No stopping Monsanto; stock rallies 40% in a month; FIIs up stakes, analysts bullish
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 5, 2014, 01.11PM IST
Tags:
Indian Meteorological Department
("The rise in the FIIs stake…)
MUMBAI: The monsoon has been a concern this year, but it has not stopped the shares of Monsanto India (MIL) from gaining momentum.
Even as the Indian Meteorological Department has predicted that the 2014-15 monsoon-sown crop may be less than last year, Monsanto India has surged over 40 per cent in the last one month.
One of the main reasons for the sharp rise in the stock price has been the interest shown by foreign institutional investors.
FIIs have increased their holding in the stock to 1.39 per cent in the June quarter from 0.25 per cent in the previous quarter. Their holding stood at 0.01 per cent in June 2013.
"The rise in the FIIs stake could be the trigger for a sharp jump in the stock price in the last few sessions," said an analyst tracking the market.
The last quarter results were better-than-expected for the company. With the kharif season out of the ways, analysts are expecting the company to better its sales in the rabi season.
"Owing to erratic monsoon affecting acreage (Nearly 8.5mn hectares under corn cultivation), MIL's management expects corn production to be down by nearly 20 per cent from the FY13 peak, but believes the prices are likely to remain stable in the medium term as kharif sowing season is likely to be delayed," said a Nirmal Bang report.
The company expects corn production to grow 8-10 per cent over the next few years, led by a double-digit growth in the poultry segment, higher use of hybrid seeds and increase in demand.
The management expects consumption to outstrip production due to rise in demand in the coming years.
"Monsanto India is an excellent company with very good management and fabulous performance. They are gaining market share over their rivals. The rabi crop is expected to be good," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President, Destimoney Securities, to ET Now.
"Their corn seed is doing exceedingly well and is supposed to be a leader very soon. It is a very safe and very sound idea," he added.
In the quarter gone by, the company reported a 16 per cent Y-o-Y increase in overall revenues to Rs 2.65 billion as against Rs 2.28 billion in 1QFY14. PAT grew 26.3 per cent to Rs 710 million in 1QFY15 from Rs 562 million in 1QFY14.
Motilal Oswal has upgraded its estimates by 20 per cent and 3 per cent for FY15E and FY16E, respectively, to factor in market share gain in the corn segment and a strong upcoming corn season.
"We believe that the investments made during FY09-12 have started paying off for MCHM in terms of new product launches and market share gains. We remain excited about the huge potential in genetically-modified (GM) foods and MCHM's Roundup Ready Flex," the brokerage report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australian PM to return  stolen  statues to PM ModiAustralian PM to return 'stolen' statues to PM Modi
AFP   New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 12:52 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:01 IST(5/9/2014)
Australia's prime minister will on Friday hand back to his Indian counterpart two statues allegedly looted from ancient temples, ending a long-running battle over the pieces, his office said.
   
Tony Abbott will return the sculptures during his meeting with Narendra Modi in New Delhi, following allegations the pieces, which had been displayed in Australian galleries, were part of an audacious art fraud.
   
Returning the objects "is testimony to Australia's good citizenship on such matters and the importance with which Australia views its relationship with India", Abbott's office said.
   
Abbott is in India to meet Modi's government and sign a deal to supply uranium nuclear fuel to the energy-hungry country.
   
The National Gallery of Australia (NGA) bought a bronze sculpture of a dancing Shiva for $5 million in 2008 from New York art and antiquities dealer Subhash Kapoor.
   
A stone sculpture of the Hindu god Ardhanariswara also linked to Kapoor ended up in the Art Gallery of New South Wales in Sydney.
   
The Shiva, which dates back to the 11th or 12th century, and the Ardhanariswara were removed from display earlier this year amid allegations they were stolen from temples in southern India.
Delhi: Ceremonial Reception of Australian PM Tony Abbott at President House pic.twitter.com/q9Kb5CORTh
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 5, 2014
   
India requested the return of the works in March and Australia agreed, with Abbott instructing they be brought on his two-day trip for presentation to Modi.
   
The NGA is suing Kapoor and his company in New York. The Canberra-based gallery says it was "fraudulently induced" to buy the statue.
   
Kapoor, who is in prison in India where he faces charges over the alleged scam, claimed the statue had been sold to him by the wife of a diplomat, the gallery said. He has pleaded not guilty to the charges against him.

Selfie-centric phone among new Microsoft offeringsSelfie-centric phone among new Microsoft offerings
Phone and text 21 807 times  get jailed and fined too  man findsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Former CJI Sathasivam assumes office as KeralaGovernorPress Trust of India | Posted: September 5, 2014 2:07 pm
Former Chief Justice of India Palanisamy Sathasivam on Friday assumed office as 23rd Governor of Kerala, succeeding Sheila Dikshit.
65-year-old Justice Sathasivam, whose appointment triggered debate in legal and political circles on the propriety of giving gubernatorial assignment to a former CJI, was administered the oath of office by Acting Chief Justice of the Kerala High Court, Justice Ashok Bhushan, at a simple function held at the Raj Bhavan here.
Saraswathy Sathasivam, wife of the Governor, was also present on the occasion.
Sathasivam is the first retired CJI to become a Governor of a state.
Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, his cabinet colleagues, Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha P J Kurien and state Assembly Speaker G Karthikeyan were present. However, Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan and other LDF leaders were conspicuous by their absence.
When contacted, sources at the office of Opposition leader said he did not attend the function as there was no intimation about it. However, government said the charge that the Opposition leader was not invited for the function was factually incorrect.
An official release said Achuthanandan was officially invited for the function and also a seat for him was reserved in the front row at Raj Bhavan.
After Sathasivam’s appointment as Governor, State Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala had stated that there was no place for differences and controversies once he was made the governor and welcomed his appointment.
After his appointment on September 3, Sathasivam had said after his retirement “I can utilise my service to the people of the state in a better way compared to other politicians.”
“I want to utilise my experience for the people of the particular state (Kerala),” he had said.
Justice Sathasivam, born on April 27, 1949, became CJI in July 2013 and retired from the position in April this year.
Before his supreme court assignment, he served as a Judge of Madras High Court and the Punjab and Haryana High Court.
He is the first non-political person appointed for a gubernatorial post by the new NDA government.

Lucknow madarsas to screen Modis Teachers Day speechLucknow madarsas to screen Modi’s Teachers’ Day speech
Rajeev Mullick , Hindustan Times  Lucknow, September 05, 2014
First Published: 13:28 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:50 IST(5/9/2014)
Several Lucknow-based madarsas are preparing to screen Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Teachers’ Day speech to students on Friday.
 
Accordingly, TV sets have been installed in these madarsas in the Uttar Pradesh capital.
 
Maulana Jafar Abbas of Jame-atot-Tableegh madarsa in Thakurganj told HT, “Despite differences in ideology, we don’t see any reason to oppose this gesture of the PM to reach out to the student community.”
Madarsa students in Lucknow prepare to listen to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech on Teachers' Day. (Deepak Gupta/HT Photo)
Read: Schools get ready for PM Modi's speech
 
Another cleric Maulana Yasoob Abbas said the PM’s speech would also be screened in madarsa Tahir-ul-Uloom and madarsa Sultane-Madaris.
 
“It’s an auspicious occasion and if the PM is trying to reach out to students, there should not be any controversy on this,” he said.
 
Read: Tribal students from Maoist-hit Dantewada to interact live with Modi
 
The managements have come up with ideas to ensure students pay attention to the PM’s words. At many madarsas, debates will be organised for students on the PM’s speech and the best speakers will win prizes. 
 
KS Faizi Yunus, who looks after madarsa Eram-Lil-Binaat, which is exclusively for girls, near Kukrai area said, “All arrangements have been made to show PM’s speech to students. There should not be any controversy and politics should not come as a hindrance in such a cause.”
 
The PM’s Teachers’ Day speech, scheduled to begin at 3pm, has triggered a political debate. Amid the controversy, Union human resource development minister Smriti Irani clarified participation in the session was “voluntary”, not mandatory.
 
Teachers’ Day is celebrated every year on September 5, the birth anniversary of former President, the late Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan.

Joint session model unlikely to solve Delhi stalemate  say expertsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Even as Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung explores ways to form a government, legal experts are of the opinion that the national capital cannot opt for a joint session model like Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra as it does not have a Legislative Council.
This legal opinion along with the L-G's letter is likely to be forwarded to Home Minister Rajnath Singh and then Prime Minister Narendra Modi by Friday evening. Sources further said that Modi would take a final call in consultation with the Home Ministry and then forward the recommendation to President Pranab Mukherjee.
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay will also meet Rajnath Singh and discuss the political stalemate in Delhi.
Delhi has been under President Rule ever since the Aam Aadmi Party government led by Arvind Kejriwal stepped down after 49 days of power in February.
Jung has already submitted a report with the MHA wherein he sought permission from the President to consult BJP, the single largest party in the Assembly, to form government in Delhi.
Delhi has been under President Rule ever since the Aam Aadmi Party government led by Arvind Kejriwal stepped down after 49 days of power in February.

Australian PM to return stolen statues from ancient Indian temples to ModiAustralian PM to return stolen statues from ancient Indian temples to Modi
Maran family s Kal Cables gets relief from Madras HCBS Reporter |  Chennai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:47 AM IST
Maran family's Kal Cables gets relief from Madras HC
Court sets aside I&B Ministry's order cancelling the operators's license
The Madras High Court today set aside the Information & Broadcasting Ministry's order that had asked Maran family-run Kal Cables to cut its signal from midnight today. 
 
After hearing arguments, Justice V Ramasubramanian today said that the company should be given a chance to reply and the Ministry can take action only if it is not satisfied with the reply. 
 
The court said that Kal Cable is only a distributor and not the broadcaster. So if the license has to be cancelled on security reasons, which have been cited by the Ministry, then the broadcaster's license should have been cancelled.
 
On August 20, the Ministry of Information & Broadcasting ordered cancellation of Kal Cables' license and gave it 15 days time to cut its signal. The Home Ministry said in view of denial security clearance by the I&B regular registration cannot be granted to Kal Cables. It added that as per rules permanent registration granted to Kal Cables Pvt Ltd stands cancelled.
 
The MSO operator challenged this order in the Madras High Court, claiming that it was not given an opportunity to present its case.
 
Last week, when the matter came up for hearing, the Ministry of Home Affairs told the Court that it will submit a report on the reasons behind the cancellation. G Rajagopal, the Additional Solicitor General of India, early this week submitted a “confidential” report to the Court. 
 
During the argument early this week, he said, that the Ministry had taken the decision in the interest of national security, economy interest and fare competition. 
 
"We don't know what is in the report (submitted by the Ministry of Home Affairs early this week on why Kal Cables was not given license), we don't know what is the threat proposition,” said Senior Counsel P S Raman, who appeared for Kal Cables.
He said if the clearance was not given because of Marans, then the action is questionable.
Raman argued that Kalanithi Maran had resigned from Kal Cables as Chairman and Director in September 2009, while his younger brother Dayanidhi resigned as the Director when he became Union Minister in 2004. It may be noted, a charge sheet has been filed against both the brothers on Aircel-Marxis deal.
 
"None of the management representatives, board members or shareholders are facing any legal issues, no FIRs are filed, no criminal proceedings or complaints are against them,” said Raman, who said that 75% of the shareholding of Kal Cables is held by Mallika Maran and balance 25% by DK Enterprise, a private entity.
 
He also argued that the company is not running any satellite channel nor is it into transmission. “We (Kal Cables) are doing last mile connectivity,” Raman said.
Kal Cables, a leading multi-service operator (MSO) in Chennai is run by Maran family. While Marans-run DK Enterprises holds around 25% in the company, the rest is held by Former Union Commerce Minister and DMK Leader Murasoli Maran's wife Mallika Maran.
 Advertisements

United Spirits orders probe into loans to UB GroupcosPrint
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 5, 2014 2:40 pm
The Board of United Spirits Ltd , now controlled by Diageo, has ordered a probe into the loans given by United Spirits to UB Group companies as it posted a whopping net loss of Rs 4,488.77 crore for the financial year ended March 31, 2014.
The company had reported net loss of Rs 105.03 crore in the fiscal ended March 31, 2013.
USL made provisions of Rs 1,012.75 crore in year ended March 31, 2014 on the account of ‘doubtful loans’ and exceptional item of Rs 3,235.73 crore on sales of Scottish subsidiary, Whyte and Mackay.
While ordering the probe for a “detailed and expeditious enquiry on doubtful loans”, the company said: “The Board has directed the Managing Director to engage independent advisors and specialists as required for the enquiry.
“Certain pre-existing loans/deposits/advances due to the company and its wholly owned subsidiaries from United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd which were in existence as on March 31, 2013, has been taken into consider atom in the consolidated annual accounts of the company drawn up as of that date.”
Pursuant to a previous resolution passed by the Board on October 11, 2012, such dues (together with interest) aggregating to Rs 1337.40 crore were consolidated into, and recorded as, an unsecured loan by way of an agreement between the company and UBHL,” the company said.
For the quarter ended March 31, 2014, the company reported standalone net sales of Rs 1,916.95 as against Rs 1,866.18 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
For the quarter ended March 31, 2014, USL’s standalone net loss stood at Rs 5380.10 crore as against net profit of Rs 56.02 crore.
The probe comes after UB group chairman Vijay Mallya was declared a wilful defaulter by state-owned United Bank of India.
However, Mallya disagreed with the action of the lender and said he would pursue legal action.
“We were not given a hearing, we have not appeared before them, we disagree with their action and we shall pursue legal action,” Mallya told reporters after the annual general meeting of United Breweries yesterday.
World’s largest spirits maker Diageo Plc announced on November 9, 2012 that it will acquire 53.4 per cent stake in United Spirits for Rs 11,166.5 crore in a multi-structured deal.
 

Congress takes dig at LGs plan to call BJP to form govt inDelhiPrint
Jung sent a report to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to call the single largest party to take a shot at power in Delhi.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 2:30 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 2:32 pm
Congress on Friday said that the moves aimed at allowing BJP to take a shot at power in Delhi showed that the ruling party has lost confidence of going in for fresh polls because of the “inept performance” of the Central government.
“The BJP was the single largest party when the result was declared. What has changed since then and now is that they have lost the confidence of going to the people because of the inept performance of the central government,” party leader Manish Tewari said.
His remarks came after Lt Governor Najeeb Jung sent a report to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to call the single largest party to take a shot at power in Delhi, though it is well short of majority in the Assembly.
In his report, Jung gave a detailed analysis of the political situation in the national capital and underlined the need to have an elected government here which is under President’s rule since February 17 following resignation of the Aam Aadmi Party Government which was in power for 49 days.
BJP had won 31 seats in the 70-member Assembly but the number of BJP MLAs came down to 28 as three party legislators Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pervesh Verma had resigned from the Assembly after they were elected to Lok Sabha.
The Aam Aadmi Party had won 28 seats in its debut Assembly elections and had later formed the government with outside support from Congress’ eight MLAs.

J&K police rescues 400 people as flood situation remainsgrimKashmiri residents wade through floodwaters in Srinagar on Thursday. At least 100 villages across the Kashmir valley were flooded by overflowing lakes and rivers. (AP Photo)
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: September 5, 2014 2:24 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 2:49 pm
The Jammu and Kashmir Police has rescued 400 people on Friday after they got trapped in the flash flood in South Kashmir’s Shopian district. “People from several villages along with their cattle were shifted to safer places in South Kashmir,” a police spokesperson said. “14 families comprising of 96 family members have been rescued in Shopian district.” More than 70 people are reported dead in the floods across the state in the last 48 hours.
Around 150 families have been shifted to safer places in North Kashmir. “The whole Kanyari village of about 150 families being shifted to degree college Sumbal,” the police official said.
Earlier on Friday morning a bridge collapsed near the Biniyar town in North Kashmir’s Uri Town.
There was fear and chaos across the Kashmir valley, as people had a sleepless night on Thursday who kept a close watch on the increasing flood situation.
Residents of the areas living on the banks of the Jehlum River in Srinagar city and other areas of the valley also spent the night on the roads under the heavy rains and authorities rescued the trapped people at several places.
“My family didn’t slept for the entire night. This is for the first time in my life I have seen such a situation,” Burhan Khalid, from Srinagar’s Rambagh area said. “Just only God can save us from this fury.”
Meanwhile, the situation across the Kashmir valley continues to remain grim with more areas getting submerged in the city and other districts. “There is an alarming situation across the Kashmir valley,” Javed Jafer, a government official, told The Indian Express. “So far the Srinagar city is stable, but the worry is that more areas in the city are getting inundated.”
The state government has also called special teams of the National Disaster Rescue Force from Ambala in Haryana for the rescue operations. “ Special teams of NDRF are reaching Srinagar today and they would be dispatched to those parts of Kashmir where continued…
People from several villages along with their cattle were shifted to safer places in South Kashmir.

Mkts @ 2 | Staff of IPO-ready cos make a killing on unlisted sharesYou are here: Home > Collections
Markets rangebound, Nifty below 8,100 levels
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 5, 2014, 03.08PM IST
Tags:
BHEL
(The S&P BSE Sensex also plunged…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index pared most its gains and was trading below its crucial psychological level of 8,100 in trade on Friday, led by losses United Spirits , Coal India, BHEL, HDFC and BPCL
Tracking the momentum, the S&P BSE Sensex also plunged over 100 points to trade below 27,000 levels, led by decline in power, metal, healthcare and FMCG stocks.
At 3:07 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,032.78, down 53.15 points or 0.20 per cent. It touched a day high of 27,178.80 and a low of 26,920.56 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,085.40 down 10.55 points or 0.13 per cent. It touched an intraday high of 8,122.70 and a low of 8,049.85.
ONGC (up 0.78 per cent), GAIL (up 0.78 per cent), Hindalco (up 0.38 per cent), Bajaj Auto (up 0.36 per cent) and L&T (up 0.67 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
HDFC (down 1.90 per cent), Coal India (down 2.49 per cent), Bharti Airtel (down 1.32 per cent), and BHEL (down 2 per cent), were the major index losers.
"The undertone still remains positive however going forward any dip in Nifty is likely to result in considerable correction in many individual stocks which have jumped sharply since last month," LKP said in a report.
"Nifty's resistance remains at 8150-8180 level whereas supports continue to be placed at 7980-8000 level," added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s auto industry set to zoom aheadSep 10, 2014, 02.48 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
India's auto industry set to zoom ahead
Research shows that India, which is the sixth largest automobile market in the world, is set to zoom ahead of its competitors in the near future
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India's auto industry set to zoom ahead
Research shows that India, which is the sixth largest automobile market in the world, is set to zoom ahead of its competitors in the near future
Post your opinion here
 
Avinash Iyer
The automobile industry of any nation is a key indicator of its progress, and India is no different. According to estimates, this industry accounts for nearly 7% of India’s Gross Domestic Product and employs close to 19 million people directly and indirectly.
Research shows that India, which is the sixth largest automobile market in the world, is set to zoom ahead of its competitors in the near future.
In an interview with moneycontrol.com, Arvind Walia - Partner Consulting, Mazars and David Chaudat - Global Head Automotive, Mazars, speak about India's automobile sector.
To know more about Mazars, click here
RELATED NEWS

Short GMR Infrastructure  says Manas JaiswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Short GMR Infrastructure, says Manas Jaiswal
According to Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com, one can short GMR Infrastructure as the stock can test Rs 20.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, " GMR Infrastructure  is continuously taking support of near to Rs 25. Today it has broken that support. It is trading below 200 day moving average. The structure is weak and we may see continuous weakness. The stock can test Rs 20 in next one or two trading sessions. One can go short with a stoploss of Rs 25.50."
At 14:19 hrs GMR Infrastructure was quoting at Rs 24.05, down Rs 0.95, or 3.80 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 25.15 and an intraday low of Rs 23.15.
Disclosure: Analyst has no personal holdings but has recommended the stock to his clients.
RELATED NEWS

Contender to Outcast: McDonnell s Stunning Political Fallcontender to outcast: mcdonnell s stunning political fall
Alpine Housing Development Corporation: Outcome of board meeting (Resignation of Director)Alpine Housing Development Corporation: Outcome of board meeting (Resignation of Director)
DCM Shriram Ltd Closes Buy back of Equity SharesDCM Shriram Ltd Closes Buy back of Equity Shares
Cong takes dig at LG s plan to call BJP to form govt in DelhiCong takes dig at LG s plan to call BJP to form govt in Delhi
Ukraine and rebels back peace plan  ceasefire from FridayUkraine and rebels back peace plan  ceasefire from Friday
A dozen  Americans fighting with IS: PentagonA dozen  Americans fighting with IS: Pentagon
United Breweries Ltd completes acquisition of brewery assets from Pacific SpiritsUnited Breweries Ltd completes acquisition of brewery assets from Pacific Spirits
Justice Sathasivam has let down the judiciary: ViswanathanJustice Sathasivam has let down the judiciary: Viswanathan
Go long in Crompton Greaves: Ashish Chaturmohta01:30 pm
Ashish Chaturmohta of Fortune Equity Broker told CNBC-TV18, " Crompton Greaves  has formed a major inverted head and shoulder pattern on its weekly charts. In the last two days we have seen strong volume participation. Even in terms of open interest data we have seen a build up of 8-10 percent. On upside this stock can see a strong short covering."
"At current levels one can initiate a long position with a stoploss below Rs 200 levels and the target of this inverted head and shoulder comes around Rs 240-245 levels, so this target could be seen in next three to five trading sessions," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Wim Plast; target of Rs 1114: Firstcall ResearchLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Wim Plast; target of Rs 1114: Firstcall Research
Firstcall Research is bullish on Wim Plast and has recommended accumulate rating on the stock with a target of Rs 356 in its September 5, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
Firstcall research report on  Wim Plast
Wim Plast Limited is one of the group companies of ‘cello’ group. Wim Plasts Limited was incorporated on 7th of October, 1988 as a Private Limited Company. Registrar at Bombay, Maharashtra and latter it was converted into a Public Limited Company on 14th July 1993. CELLO begins its journey by manufacturing plastic household goods. Presently the company has manufacturing units at Daman, Baddi and Chennai also have Depots in Gujarat, Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh, Haryana and Punjab and have strong consumer base through out the country. And recently the new additional Manufacturing Unit in Kolkata was started in February 2013. In the year 1994 Cello Group ventures stepped into manufacturing moulded furniture. Elegant, versatile and durable, cello furniture brings convenience and style to consumers at surprising economical price, made from special grade plastic and state-of-the-art moulds from Italy. Cello Furniture becomes a household name in short span of time for its range of products and quality.
Cello Group entered the plastic moulded ball pen Writing Instruments market in the year 1995, cello exploded on the scene with cello Clear Pens with Swiss tips and German ink and changed forever the way pen ran on paper. The revolutionary new smear free, smooth flowing pen not just took the market by storm but marked a new era in writing instruments in India. Not too long after, the company unveiled two more models Prism and Crystal and with that started as a mere 3-machine Company, took wings. The Company’s production techniques include Injection Moulding and Extrusion Technology. The Technological process is subject to up gradation from time to time and efforts are continuously made to absorb the latest Technology. This results in the upgradation of production process with improved results of operations. The Company does not have any Subsidiary Company.
>>At the current market price of Rs.994.50, the stock P/E ratio is at 16.43 x FY15E and 14.82 x FY16E respectively.
>>Earning per share (EPS) of the company for the earnings for FY15E and FY16E is seen at Rs. 60.52 and Rs. 67.10 respectively.
>>Net Income and PAT of the company are expected to grow at a CAGR of 16% and 13% over 2013 to 2016E respectively.
>>On the basis of EV/EBITDA (x), the stock trades at 9.76 x for FY15E and 8.72 x for FY16E.
>>Price to Book Value of the stock is expected to be at 3.28 x and 2.74 x for FY15E and FY16E respectively.
We recommend ‘BUY’ in this particular scrip with a target price of Rs. 1114.00for Medium to Long term investment.
For all recommendations,  click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Auto  power stocks pull Sensex down 111 pointsSensex ends 59 points down on weak global cues, selling in blue-chips
PTI/Reuters
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
The benchmark Sensex today fell 59.23 points to end at 27,026.70, its second straight session of decline after logging new highs earlier this week, due to losses in blue-chips, including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Motors, amid a weak global trend.
Domestic stock markets opened on a better note with the 30-share BSE index Sensex touching the day’s high of 27,178.80 points in early trade. It later slipped below the 27,000-mark and touched the day’s low of 26,920.56 before ending at 27,026.70, registering a drop of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent.
Among Sensex 30 components, 17 stocks ended in the negative zone, while 13 closed higher.
On Thursday, the Sensex had lost 54.01 points. It had hit a life high of 27,225.85 and closed at a record peak of 27,139.94 on Wednesday.
Brokers said emergence of selling in stocks that had recently witnessed gains and a weak trend in global markets, led to the fall in major indices today.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also shed 9.1 points or 0.11 per cent to end at 8,086.85. During the session, the Nifty shuttled between 8,122.70 and 8,049.85.
Yesterday, it had fallen by 18.65 points.
Sectoral indices
Among the sectoral indices, the BSE Auto index dropped 0.65 per cent, followed by FMCG 0.32 per cent and Banking 0.3 per cent.
On the other hand, the BSE Realty index surged 1.15 per cent, followed by Capital Goods 0.86 per cent, Metal 0.69 per cent and IT 0.51 per cent, among others.
The BSE Small-cap index advanced 1.25 per cent and Mid-cap index added 0.56 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Asian, European markets
Asian shares and the euro slipped on Friday after the European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Investors await the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe’s main stock markets also dipped in late morning trade today after data showed the 18-nation euro zone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.
The euro was deep in the red on Friday, having suffered its steepest fall in three years after the European Central Bank stunned markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
The aggressive shift sent short-term bond yields into negative territory in Germany, France, the Netherlands and Austria, giving investors an overwhelming incentive to sell euros for higher-yielding assets elsewhere.
That stood in stark contrast to the United States, where upbeat data only reinforced the case for the Federal Reserve to wind down its stimulus, driving the dollar higher and sideswiping oil and gold in the process.
After surging to a 6-1/2 month high on Thursday, European share markets saw some minor profit taking as the US payrolls report loomed large later in the session. London's FTSE 100, the DAX in Frankfurt and CAC 40 in Paris were all around 0.1-0.2 per cent lower but this week's gains - the fourth in a row - took the pan-regional FTSEurofirst 300 index's rise since mid August to over 8 per cent.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Indian paint market set to grow 20% CAGR in two years on rapid urbanizationBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 10:56 PM IST
Paint market to grow 20% annually in next two years
The industry will reach the level of Rs 62,000 cr in the next two years, says the Assocham study Indian Paint Industry: 2014
The Rs 40,600-crore Indian paint industry is likely to see a 20 per cent compounded annual growth rate until 2016, says a study by business chamber Assocham.
This is due to increasing demand from retail consumers, on rapid urbanisation, and development of rural markets. The industry will reach the level of Rs 62,000 crore in the next two years, it said. A rise in disposable income of the average middle class coupled with increasing investment on education, urbanisation, development of the rural market and various launches of many innovative products will be major drivers, it said. India is the second largest consumer of paint in Asia.
“The Indian paint industry has seen a gradual shift in the preferences of people from the traditional whitewash to higher quality paints like emulsions and enamel paints,” said D S Rawat, secretary-general, Assocham.
The rural market grew 20 per cent in 2013-14. Rural India’s incremental consumption expenditure is growing well. And, the rural sector has a major share of the decorative paints segment. Thus, any benefit to the rural sector’s disposable income is directly correlated to the paint industry’s growth.
Besides, decorative paints are marketing well, backed by large advertisement campaigns and dealership networks.  In FY14, per capita consumption of paint increased to a little over four kg, of which the decorative segment contributed 73 per cent at Rs 29,638 crore. The remaining Rs 10,962 crore was contributed by the industrial segment.
“Demands for decorative paints arise from household paintings, architectural and other display products. The demand for paint increases during festive seasons as compared to other periods,” said Rawat.
The decorative paint market has been further segmented into emulsions, enamel, distemper and cement paints. Industrial paints are segmented into automotive coating, high performance coating, powder coating and coil coating.
The unorganised sector has around 35 per cent of the paint market. In the unorganised segment, there are about 2,500 units.
 Advertisements

Six in Sixty: Stocks you should keep on your radarLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Six in Sixty: Stocks you should keep on your radar
CNBC-TV18's Sonia Shenoy lists out six stocks that you should focus.
Post your opinion here

Burning Man Drew 66 000 People To The Desert Last WeekBurning Man Draws 66,000 People To The Nevada Desert
 | By                                                                MARTIN GRIFFITH
Updated:
09/02/2014  8:59 am EDT
This is a DigitalGlobe satellite image 'overview' of the Burning Man Festival in Black Rock City Nevada.  Imagery collected on August 29th, 2013.  (Photo DigitalGlobe via Getty Images) | DigitalGlobe/ScapeWare3d via Getty Images
reddit
RENO, Nev. (AP) — The Burning Man counterculture festival drew a peak crowd of nearly 66,000 celebrants as it neared an end Monday on the northern Nevada desert.
Friday's official peak attendance of 65,922 was within the population cap of 68,000 the federal Bureau of Land Management imposed on the quirky art and music festival 110 miles north of Reno, said Gene Seidlitz, manager of the agency's Winnemucca District.
The number was down from last year's record peak crowd of 69,613, which resulted in organizers being placed on probation for a second time in three years for violating the limit.
Organizers had been warned that if they were placed on probation a second straight year, the agency might suspend or cancel their permit.
"That (crowd size) is not a problem this year," Seidlitz said, adding the attendance cap was one of 55 conditions organizers had to comply with under terms of their permit.
"We don't see any reason why we shouldn't meet all other stipulations," Burning Man spokesman Jim Graham said.
Overall, the weeklong festival leading up to Labor Day was successful and safe except for Thursday's death of a 29-year-old Wyoming woman who was struck by a bus carrying passengers on the playa of the Black Rock Desert, Seidlitz said.
Crime statistics will not be released until later this month, he added.
Rain early on closed the gate for a day — the longest closure in the event's history — and dust storms caused occasional whiteout conditions Friday.
But the festival's eclectic artwork, offbeat theme camps, concerts and other entertainment drew praise from participants from around the world.
"Actually, I feel renewed faith in humanity," John Bacon, of Seattle, told KRNV-TV.
Ron Adair, of Ojai, California, said he felt "a little tired."
"It's a little hard to have that many nights in a row and get by on four, five, six hours of sleep every night," Adair said.
After it moved from San Francisco, the inaugural Burning Man in Nevada drew only about 80 people in 1990.
Related on HuffPost:

A look back on the August car launches: Porsche Cayenne  Tata Zest  othersA look back on the August car launches: Porsche Cayenne, Tata Zest, others
Wed Sep 03 2014, 15:42 hrs
Porsche Cayenne Diesel Platinum Edition 
Porsche also released the Platinum Edition of Cayenne SUV. The new variant features exterior with Platinum silver finishing, 19-inch Cayenne Design II wheels with colored crest, Porsche Communication Management (PCM) with navigation system, sporty steering wheel design, Power steering Plus and  some more goodies compared to existing model range. Mechanically it shares the same 3.0L V6 T diesel engine. The new model was launched at a price of Rs. 85.50 lakhs (ex-showroom, New Delhi).
Tata Zest
Tata also launched its revolutionary Zest compact sedan . The new product shows how Tata is evolving in the Indian market. Featuring the much touted Revotron 1.2L petrol engine, the 1.3L diesel engine with Quadrajet technology, first in class F-tronic automated manual transmission system and Harmon Kardon stereo system, this car has really raised the eyebrows. Launched at a price tag of Rs. 4.64 lakhs (ex-showroom, New Delhi), it will surely give tough times to rivals Swift Dzire, Hyundai Xcent and Honda Amaze.
Hyundai Elite i20 
Hyundai as mentioned above, took i20 to a whole new level. Launched on 11th August, the latest i20 Elite shows aggressive cosmetic changes. Carrying forward the same design philosophy "Fluidic Sculpture 2.0", the new i20 comes with horde of exciting features. Besides robust looking exterior profile, the interiors of the car now incorporates ample room for the occupants, a new large screen at the center console that consists of 2-Din Multimedia system with USB/Aux-In connectivity, segment first rear AC vents and 1 GB music storage, push start/stop button and advance AC unit with automatic climate control. Hyundai i20 Elite comes at a jaw dropping price of Rs. 4.99 lakhs, leaving all the rivals in the state of oblivion, atleast for now.
Bentley Flying Spur 
On the same day of Audi A3 launch, there was another high profile car introduced in the market, and it was Bentley Flying Spur. The British car company is known for making some of the wonderful and performance packed machines for the potential clients. The new Bentley Flying Spur was actually the diluted version of the same with smaller V8 engine under the bonnet. The luxury sports car is already available for sale with mammoth W12 engine, now it has been joined by younger variant powered by 4 liter V8 engine. But this does not mean compromising on the price, the new variant was launched at a whopping price of Rs. 3.10 crores (ex-showroom, New Delhi).
Audi A3
Second in the line was Audi A3 which can be said as the most awaited launches of this year. The compact sedan already made its presence at the February Auto Expo and being the most economical sedan from the company till date, it was a very important launch. Based on parent company's (Volkswagen) MQB platform, Audi A3 resembles the elder siblings a lot with sharp looks, plush interiors, powerful TDI and TFSI engines and excellent driving dynamics. As price was the most crucial aspect of this car, it was launched at a starting price of Rs. 22.95 lakhs while the top end model holding all the goodies can be purchased at Rs. 32.66 lakhs (ex-showroom, New Delhi).
Fiat Punto EVO
Italian manufacturer rarely launch new products, but when it releases a product, it is always with a bang. The new Fiat Punto adorns a stunning new avatar with additional sporty suffix "Evo" added to its name. It is pitted against Maruti Swift, Volkswagen Polo and Hyundai i20 in the premium hatch segment. The exteriors shows a lot of cosmetic changes while the interiors gets inspiration from sibling Linea sedan. Punto Evo is launched in both diesel and petrol trims in variety of engine configurations that also include a 90bhp engine for the sports model. It was launched at a price tag of Rs 4.55 lakhs (ex-showroom, New Delhi)
Reader´s Comments

Vijay Mallya to pursue legal action against  wilful defaulter  tag by United BankApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Harley-Davidson Opens 2nd Outlet in MumbaiApple Unveils Watch, Larger iPhones in Bid to Retake Innovation Crown
Mumbai:
Iconic cult bike maker Harley-Davidson today launched its second outlet in the city, offering all its 11 models available in the country to cater to the increased demand.
The new outlet 'Seven Island Harley Davidson', which has been set up in Bandra western suburb of the metropolis, will also sell apparel and parts and accessories, Harley-Davidson India said in a release.
The US bike maker, which forayed in the Indian market through its wholly-owned subsidiary Harley-Davidson India in 2009, had set up its first dealership in Bandra in 2010.
"The new dealership will allow us to meet the demands of our rapidly growing rider community in Mumbai and is in line with our commitment to provide a world-class customer experience to every owner and enthusiast," Harley-Davidson India managing director Anoop Prakash said.
The dealership, Seven Island, will feature a "Harley Owners Only" lift, where owners can try out accessories on their motorcycles, the company said.
"The new facility has been conceptualised to truly reflect the trademark Harley-Davidson lifestyle. With increased accessibility, we hope to open our doors to a whole new set of riders in the coming future," Arjun Bafna, dealer principal, Seven Islands Harley-Davidson said.
The company, at present, has 15 dealership facilities across pan-India which include New Delhi, Gurgaon, Chandigarh, Mumbai, Navi Mumbai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Kochi, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Indore, Pune, Goa and Jaipur.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 14:44 (IST)

Super Mario s back: The fight to save EuropeSuper Mario's back: The fight to save Europe
By Mark Thompson  @MarkThompsonCNN September 4, 2014: 12:46 PM ET
 
ECB takes leaf out of Fed playbook
LONDON (CNNMoney)
It's super Mario again!
Two years after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi promised to do what it takes to save the euro, he's on the offensive again to avert a new crisis.
Following words of warning in Jackson Hole, Wyo. last month, Draghi said the ECB had cut its main interest rate for a second time this year -- to just 0.05% -- and would buy loans and mortgages to stimulate the economy.
The ECB also took its deposit rate deeper into negative territory -- hoping to spur lending by charging banks even more for reserves they stash with the central bank.
Draghi said the ECB would start buying bundles of securities in October. He said it was impossible at this stage to put a value on the purchases.
Growing risks that the eurozone could sink into a vicious circle of economic stagnation and falling prices sparked the bank's second dramatic intervention since June .
The measures are designed to breathe life into Europe's faltering economy by making it easier and cheaper for companies and households to borrow money. Banks will effectively be given money, then penalized if they hoard it.
And by making the euro less attractive -- it plunged by 1.4% to a 13-month low against the dollar -- the ECB is bringing relief to European exporters and making imports more expensive, helping contain the risk of deflation.
But divisions among the central bank's directors prevented it going one step further and embarking on a Federal Reserve-style program of quantitative easing.
"We discussed QE. Some of our governing council members were in favor of doing more, some were in favor of doing less," Draghi told reporters.
A fragile recovery in the eurozone has been snuffed out by the crisis in Ukraine, which has hurt trade with Russia and damaged business confidence, as well as a feeble performance by big economies such as Italy and France.
The ECB cut its forecast for eurozone growth this year to 0.9%. And it now expects annual inflation of just 0.6%, compared with a target of near 2%.
Eurozone inflation fell to 0.3% last month, its lowest level since October 2009. Falling prices could further depress activity by prompting consumers and firms to postpone purchases or investments.
Draghi said the ECB still had the option of launching quantitative easing if necessary, but the bank needed European governments to play ball too.
Existing EU budget rules were flexible enough to allow some EU states to do more to support growth and jobs, and reform their economies, he said.
First Published: September 4, 2014: 8:23 AM ET
Join the Conversation

ECB Unveils Surprise Package to Shore Up Euro ZoneYou are here: Home Global Economy
ECB Unveils Surprise Package to Shore Up Euro Zone
Reuters | Updated On: September 04, 2014 22:18 (IST)
No More Secrets: Swiss Banks Learn to Shape Up, Not Shut Up
Frankfurt:
The European Central Bank cut interest rates to a fresh record low on Thursday and launched a new scheme to push money into the flagging euro zone economy, surprising markets and leaving open the option of more to come.
In a series of measures highlighting growing concern about the currency bloc's health, the ECB cut its main refinancing rate to 0.05 per cent from 0.15 per cent and drove the overnight deposit rate deeper into negative territory, now charging banks 0.20 per cent to park funds with the central bank.
The International Monetary Fund, which has pressed the ECB to do more to buoy the euro zone, welcomed the measures. The euro zone flatlined in the second quarter of the year and the Ukraine crisis is now weighing heavily on business confidence.
"QE was discussed," ECB President Mario Draghi said of the possibility of quantitative easing (QE) - essentially printing money to buy assets.
"Some of our Governing Council members were in favour of doing more than I've just presented, and some were in favour of doing less. So our proposal strikes the mid-road," he said.
New ECB economic forecasts foresee slower growth this year, of just 0.9 per cent, picking up to 1.6 per cent in 2015.
The forecast for inflation, now running at just 0.3 per cent, was cut to 0.6 per cent, rising to 1.1 per cent in 2015, still way below the ECB's target of close to but below 2.0 per cent.
Draghi said if inflation looked like staying too low for too long, the ECB Governing Council was unanimous in its commitment to using other "unconventional instruments" - a phrase taken as code for printing money as the US Federal Reserve and Bank of England have done.
Draghi dropped previous wording that inflation risks were "broadly balanced", instead vowing to "closely monitor" risks to the outlook for price developments - a shift that reflects the ECB's increased concern about the inflation outlook.
Draghi announced plans for an asset-backed securities (ABS) and covered bond purchase programme to help ease credit conditions in the bloc. Sources told Reuters it could amount to 500 billion euros ($650 billion) over three years.
IMF managing director Christine Lagarde said: "We strongly welcome the measures taken by the ECB, which will help to counteract the dangers posed by an extended period of low inflation."
Asset-backed securities are created by banks pooling mortgages and corporate, auto or credit card loans and selling them to insurers, pension funds or now even the ECB.
Covered bonds are similar instruments but the underlying assets, such as apartment blocks, are ringfenced so if the bank goes bust, the assets are still there. That makes them safer than ABS where the underlying loans are not ringfenced.
"At the margin, (the cuts) may have some small positive effect on bank lending and activity and perhaps give the euro another downward nudge," said Jonathan Loynes, chief European economist at Capital Economics.
"But these moves are no substitute for the much more powerful policy action which looks increasingly necessary to prevent a renewed recession."
QE or Not QE
For investors and markets, the only gambit that will make a big difference is a large-scale U.S.-style asset purchase, or QE, programme that buys government debt with new money.
Marcel Fratzscher, president of Germany's DIW economic institute, said the unexpected measures showed the ECB had taken a more pessimistic view about growth and price developments than previously.
"I expect today's measures will not be the last," he said.
"The ECB has other options, and these include buying sovereign bonds and private bonds. I see the probability as very high that the ECB will implement the purchase of sovereign and private bonds in the coming months."
Draghi ramped up expectations when, departing from the text of a speech, he told the Jackson Hole central bankers' conference on August 22 that markets had indicated inflation expectations showed "significant declines" in August.
Then, he said the ECB's Governing Council would, within its mandate, "use all the available instruments" to deliver price stability over the medium term.
Though other central banks have printed money in vast amounts, some members of the ECB's 24-member policymaking council are resistant. An ECB source told Reuters last week that "the barrier to QE is still very high".
What is more, the ECB will want to see the impact of a four-year loan offer to banks, announced in June but only launching later this month, before taking the ultimate step.
The interest rate cut will make the upcoming loan offer, or TLTRO, more attractive as banks can now get the funds for less. But with lending still impaired, the wider impact is uncertain.
Draghi also expanded on his call in Jackson Hole for governments to use fiscal policy - more government spending - and economic reforms to support the euro zone economy.
He said euro zone countries should use existing flexibility within its debt rules, rather than break them, in order to help pursue structural economic reforms.
"This is Draghi saying ... to European leaders ... that we've thrown the kitchen sink at the problem," said Jacob Kirkegaard, an economist with Washington think tank, the Peterson Institute.
"We are at the end of the road. The ball is in your court. Now you have to deliver on your part to restart growth in the euro zone."
(US dollar = 0.7680 euro)

A shark attack in Massachusetts left terrifying bite marks in the side of a kayakBy Abby Ohlheiser September 4 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Two kayakers went into the water near Plymouth, Mass., on Wednesday evening to get up close with some seals. But there was a problem: Sharks eat seals. And one of those sharks — later identified as a great white — decided to check out the kayaks. With its teeth.
While no one was hurt, the incident left a pretty intense impression on one of the vessels, as is very clear from the photos released Thursday by the Massachusetts State Police .
(Massachusetts State Police handout)
Ida Parker and Kristin Orr told the Associated Press that they were knocked from their kayaks by the shark.
“It happened so fast,” Orr told AP. “I was talking to (Parker) and the next minute I’m in the water and I just see a shark biting my kayak.”
Said Parker: “It was dark gray, pointy nose, big teeth, big eyes. It was like right next to me. It was petrifying.”
(Massachusetts State Police handout)
(Massachusetts State Police handout)
Thankfully, the shark swam away after taking what appears to be an “exploratory” bite, as John Chisholm of State Marine Fisheries put it. A bystander called 911 for the women, who were about 150 yards offshore and were rescued by the Plymouth harbormaster.
The shark was identified as a great white  based on a tooth fragment and the bite marks it left behind.
Beaches in Plymouth were closed  Thursday as officials searched for the shark.
The incident was not the first shark spotting off the Massachusetts coast this year. In late August, a great white spotted off of Duxbury Beach forced state police to shut down the beach for several hours after the beast swam close to shore.
That shark inspired somebody to string some funny words together in the sand.
Someone carved this shark-related message in the sand at Duxbury Beach following the shark sighting. pic.twitter.com/mQFj0fDtO8
It was also caught on camera.
Confirmed Great White 75-100 yards off #Duxbury coast. See http://t.co/1RVLOU4hHF for more. pic.twitter.com/nUG2fKcVtI
— Mass State Police (@MassStatePolice) August 25, 2014
Following this week’s attack, Plymouth harbormaster Chad Hunter told the Boston Globe : “This is our confirmation, this our notice, that they are there, and they are looking to eat seals.”
Or kayaks.

Cosy Haryana pattern: govt announces land takeover  prices crash  builders walk inApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Apple  Google appeal rejection of $324.5 mn ...You are here: Home > Collections > Apple
Apple, Google appeal US judge's rejection of $324.5 million settlement in hiring lawsuit
Reuters Sep 5, 2014, 11.06AM IST
(Four tech cos including…)
SAN FRANCISCO: Four technology companies including Apple and Google blasted a U.S. judge for rejecting a proposed $324.5 million settlement over hiring practices in Silicon Valley and asked an appeals court to intervene, according to a court filing.
Plaintiff workers accused Apple, Google, Intel and Adobe in a 2011 lawsuit of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees.
Last month U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh in San Jose, California, rejected the proposed class action settlement, saying the amount was too low.
In a court filing late on Thursday, the companies asked the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to overrule Koh's decision.
Koh "committed clear legal error" and "impermissibly substituted the court's assessment of the value of the case for that of the parties who have been litigating the case for more than three years," they wrote.
Adobe declined to comment, as did an attorney for the plaintiffs. Representatives for the other three firms could not immediately be reached for comment.
Tech employees alleged that the conspiracy limited their job mobility and, as a result, kept a lid on salaries.
The case has been closely watched because of the possibility of big damages being awarded and for the opportunity of a glimpse into the world of some of America's elite tech firms.
Plaintiffs based their allegations of conspiracy largely on emails circulated among Apple's late co-founder Steve Jobs, former Google Chief Executive Officer Eric Schmidt, and some of their rivals.
Plaintiff attorneys argued Koh should approve the deal because the workers faced the risk of losing the case in an appeal.
In rejecting the proposed settlement, Koh cited "substantial and compelling evidence" that Jobs "was a, if not the, central figure in the alleged conspiracy."
Koh repeatedly referred to a related settlement last year involving Disney and Intuit. Apple and Google workers got proportionally less in the latest deal compared to the one involving Disney, Koh wrote.
To match the earlier settlement, the latest deal "would need to total at least $380 million," Koh wrote.
In the filing on Thursday, Apple, Google, Intel and Adobe said Koh's approach was "rigid and formulaic."
Instead of approving the deal, Koh "dismissed the parties' analysis of the trial risks, suggesting that, unless the settlement was larger, the court had - in its own words - 'wasted years on this case.'"
A hearing before Koh is scheduled for Sept. 10. Earlier this week both sides said they had resumed mediation talks.
The case is In Re: High-Tech Employee Antitrust Litigation, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California 11-cv-2509.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Montreal key to bagging Bombardier deal: Tech Mahindra08:00 am
Tech Mahindra , India’s fifth largest software services company, has won an engineering solutions deal with Canadian aerospace and transportation company Bombardier. Lakshmanan C, Head - North America, Tech Mahindra sees Bombardier order win as a large deal as any deal exceeding USD 50 million is considered as a large deal for the company.
Tech Mahindra and Bombardier have signed a mutual agreement that will lead Tech Mahindra to work with Bombardier globally, with which, the firm aims to grow its Canada team to 1,200 people in the next five years.
The financials of the deal are not disclosed but experts believe the IT major’s margins will be in-line with company average in 1-2 quarters. However, they do show concerns over company’s growth coming from deals with significantly lower margins. In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, he says that Bombardier order is at normal margin levels.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Can you give us any more details you have about this deal, Bombardier, the deal size and more importantly at what margins will this deal work out for Tech Mahindra?
A: We have had a long relationship with Bombardier and we are excited because this deal is purely focused on engineering services and we are involved with Bombardier and also with the aerospace industry in general, we provide new product development and that comprises of design, validation of design, we are involved in manufacturing engineering, which we believe has huge potential that includes tool design, manufacturing methods and our industry trends clearly show that aircraft sales is going to dramatically increase.
So we believe that - we call it customer support that will be after market engineering space, services space will be very vibrant. We play an important role in that. We also support our customer in sustainment of their existing product lines and we are leading player in interior design of aircrafts specifically business jets. So I think there is a lot of things that we do and this contract with Bombardier is kind of reflection of the good work we have done in the past and the potential for the future.
We have talked about margins, we don’t normally discuss margins at a deal level or a specific customer level for confidentiality reasons but you are aware overall of the margins that we report.
Q: You gave us a lot of eco system details but you are not giving us much by way of the deal size itself. You have invested a lot in the Canada, about 1,200 people, is that right, your number of people in Canada given this kind of an investment that you have made in Canada, give us some idea of this deal size as well what are you expecting when you say that this is the first of other such deals, approximately are you L1 in some deals, what can you expect in terms of order flow over the next 12 months?
A: Tech Mahindra would classify this as a large deal and anything greater than USD 50 million in size is classified as a large deal. So you could clearly put that in to that category, USD 50 million or higher. So I would clearly put this deal in that category. At this point in time, we have made tremendous investments and I must share with you, we have announced a center in Montreal. We already have a development centre which is focused on financial services in Toronto, which has got about 250 people in the city. What attracted us to Montreal -- the first key thing is there is a huge aerospace cluster which means it is not the aerospace companies alone but tier-I suppliers to all these or to the aerospace industry and we believe that by having a centre in Montreal, we will be able to collaborate better with other tier-I suppliers who bring different skills to the table and to be able to play in that eco system and provide systems integration services which will add better value to our clients.
Secondly, we are the talent that is available in the Montreal market because of the aerospace cluster and more important, the cost of the educational institutions -- a world class university Concordia. So we are excited with the talent that we can hire, train and deploy. So that is number two.
Thirdly, we are very happy with the support that we are getting from the local government.
So these are three factors that has led to this investment in Montreal and yes, we hope to grow this even further but I just wanted to share with you what the key factors that attracted us to Montreal.
Tech Mahindra stock price
On September 10, 2014, at  15:06 hrs Tech Mahindra was quoting at Rs 2448.25, up Rs 9.15, or 0.38 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2521.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 1259.40.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 111.23 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 22.01. The latest book value of the company is Rs 365.58 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 6.70.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex slips below 27 000; BHEL  HDFC top losersSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:30 AM IST
Sensex slips below 27,000; BHEL, HDFC top losers
The market breadth continued to remain strong with 1,392 gainers and 1,064 losers on the BSE.
Markets have erased its early gains and have slipped in the negative territory weighed down by financials and auto shares. Also, weakness in the Asian markets have dampened the sentiments of the market participants
 
At 11.40 AM, the 30-share is down 104 points at 26,982 after hitting an intra-day high of 27,179 and the 50-share Nifty is down 28 points at 8,068 after touching a high of 8,123.
 
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap index is up 0.1% and the Small-cap index is up 0.5%.
 
The market breadth continued to remain strong with 1,392 gainers and 1,064 losers on the BSE.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee is trading at 60.39 compared to its previous close of 60.36. However, gains in the domestic share market may, however, limit a sharp fall in the rupee.
 
Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1697.74 crore on Thursday, 4 September 2014, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
Asian Markets:
 
In Asia, Tokyo's Topix stalled just short of its January peak. Chart resistance is tough as a break there would take it to levels last seen in July 2008.
 
Chinese stocks extended their bull run with the CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings barreling to their best in over eight months.
 
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased back 0.6 percent having already reached its loftiest level since early 2008.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, Oil and Gas index is leading the rally up by 0.6% followed by Realty, Capital Goods and Metal indices up by 0.5%. However, Auto, FMCG, Power and Healthcare indices are losing sheen on the BSE. Moreover, Bankex is trading lower by 0.4%
 
BHEL has extended its previous day’s losses and has dropped over 1.5% in the morning trades after a foreign brokerage house gave a “sell rating” to the stock yesterday .
 
Power stocks are trading dim with Tata Power and NTPC down between 0.3-1%.
 
Bharti Airtel has lost over 1.4%.
 
Pharma stocks are witnessing profit taking with drug makers Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy’s Lab and Cipla down over 0.5%.
In the financial segment, HDFC, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank have lost between 0.5-1% on profit taking.
 
Coal India, Hero Motocorp and Maruti Suzuki are some of the notable names in red among others and have lost between 0.3-2%.
 
On the flip side, in the oil and gas space, ONGC , RIL and GAIL have gained between 0.5-2% on decline in crude oil prices.
 
Engineering conglomerate L&T has climbed over 1% after the company secured a turnkey order worth Rs 5,100 crore for setting up a 1320 MW supercritical thermal power plant  project at Shree Sinaji TPP (Stage-II) on complete engineering-procurement construction basis from the state utility MP Power Generating Company Limited (MPPGCL) . 
 
The technology pack is witnessing an upsurge with TCS, Wipro and Infosys up between 0.2-0.7%.
 
Hindalco, SBI and Baja Auto are some of the prominent names in green among others.
 
Among other shares, Union Bank of India has gained nearly 2% to Rs 215 after the company plans to raise Rs 1,386 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP) this financial year, its chairman and managing director Arun Tiwari said.
 
JP Associates has extended losses for the second consecutive day and has dipped by over 3% at Rs 36.50 after Jaypee Infra Ventures sold over 13 million shares on the National Stock Exchange on Thursday.
 

Mkts@record highs; analysts cautious | How to make moneyMarkets at record highs; analysts advise investors to remain cautious
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 5, 2014, 11.55AM IST
Tags:
BSE sensex
(Everything seems to be working…)
NEW DELHI: Everything seems to be working great for the Indian markets which have rallied over 27 per cent so far in the year 2014, beating other emerging market peers.
The Indian market has been the best performing market among emerging market peers so far in the year 2014, up 27 per cent, followed by a 26 per cent rally in Brazil and Taiwan.
Be it a fall in crude prices, revival in GDP growth, rise in global liquidity or Modi mania, all have contributed to the massive rally that we have seen in the past 3 months and so far in the year 2014.
The Nifty at 8100 and the Sensex at 27,100 are at life-time highs and may continue the up-move as money inflows are seen both from FIIs as well as through retail participation.
Considering the fact that we are already trading at record highs, it will not be wrong to say that investors should tread with caution and trade with strict stop losses.
"I would err on the side of caution because the market is at an all-time high. At the same time, the momentum seems to be going great guns," said Ajay Bodke, Head-Investment Strategist & Advisory, Prabhudas Lilladher.
"We are currently trading at about 9 per cent premium to the last 10-year average, although I must point out that we are at the bottom of the earnings cycle and as the cyclical recovery picks up steam towards the end of the current financial year, one could expect a sharp jump in the earnings for FY16. Hence, I would not be too worried about this 9% premium that I mentioned," he added.
The BSE Sensex trades at a PE of 16x, which is just a premium of 3 per cent to its historic averages, while a price to book value or PB is at 2.6x, which is at 2 per cent discount to its averages, Motilal Oswal said in a report.
Most analysts on the Dalal Street see the Nifty heading towards the 9000 levels in the next 12 months as the economy recovers and earnings growth bounces back.
"I believe that sustained growth in the economy should lead to sustained growth in earnings as well. That is a key factor which will take the market to a new high. Our estimate is that the market should be at 9000-plus in the next, say, 18-24 months," said R Sreesankar of Prabhudas Lilladher.
The Sensex RoE at 16.6 per cent is below the long period average of 19 per cent, added the Motilal Oswal report. Valuations of Indian equities remain attractive with market-cap-to GDP at its long period average of 72 per cent.
Analysts are not saying that investors should now look at selling into markets, but taking timely profits will be a good idea considering the fact that we are in a bull market.
"The markets have run up quite a bit. But I do not agree with the thinking that there is no scope to invest in this market. There are still enough opportunities," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President of Destimoney Securities Pvt Ltd.
  "However, investors definitely need to exercise caution. The markets have run up quite a bit," he said, adding that if you are an investor, with a slightly longer horizon in mind, it is still a great time to get into infrastructure, real estate and the power sector.
Indian has managed to attract strong FII flows so far in the year 2014 despite geo-political uncertainties and this was possible because India managed to bring down fiscal deficit, current account deficit and revive GDP growth.
GDP data released last week also fuelled optimism in the markets that the economy might have bottomed out and is set to gain momentum from here on, which will be important in the revival of earnings growth for India Inc.
India's economy expanded at its fastest pace in more than two years in the April-June quarter. Its GDP grew at 5.7 per cent in the first quarter of 2014-15, exceeding expectations.
"The undertone remains extremely buoyant and we have seen a decent run-up in the last few months. In fact, also in the last one week or so. We have also seen the right noises made from the new government and we have also seen a couple of good macro factors like the oil prices coming down quite significantly, which is a big beneficial for us as a country," said Sachin Shah, Portfolio Manager, Emkay Global Financial Services.
"These are some of the positive signs that we are seeing continuously, which clearly give us an indication that the undertone will remain very buoyant. But yes, with the kind of run-up that we have seen, there is always a possibility of some bit of profit booking coming in, some bit of halting of new buying coming in. But it really looks like that the correction should not be very significant," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty Struggles Below 8 100; Banks WeighYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Struggle; Banking Stocks Weigh
NDTV | Updated On: September 05, 2014 12:34 (IST)
Wockhardt Shares Gain on Unit Merger Plan
BSE Sensex and Nifty edged lower in afternoon trade with banks leading the decline. However, losses were capped due to gains in bluechips such as Infosys, TCS and ONGC.
Despite European Central Bank yesterday stunning markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge, global markets are muted today on jitters ahead of the U.S. payrolls report due later today.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased back 0.6 per cent having already reached its loftiest level since early 2008.
UR Bhat, MD of Dalton Capital, said that quantitative easing in the US accounts for a significant portion of the inflows into India and strong US data economic suggests that it could be wound up soon. But the proposed quantitative easing in Europe could help fund flows continue into India.
The key thing however for global markets is to watch the US hikes interest rates, he added.
The breadth of the market however was positive with BSE midcap and smallcap indices rising 0.3 per cent to 0.7 per cent.
Among banking stocks, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and HDFC fell between 0.7 per cent and 1 per cent. Among other major Nifty losers, Coal India fell 2.4 per cent while United Spirits fell over 3 per cent.
Tech Mahindra, TCS and Infosys were up nearly 0.5 per cent. Other major Nifty gainer included ONGC which rose 1.2 per cent while NMDC surged over 5 per cent.
At 12:25 p.m., Sensex was down 49 points to 27,035 while Nifty fell 11 points to 8,084.
 

IAF rescues 14 people caught in flash-floods in JammuNearly 250 people have been rescued by various teams of the Army and IAF from flash-floods in the Jammu region.
Press Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:05 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 1:39 pm
IAF on Friday pressed its choppers into service and rescued 14 people caught in flash-floods in Jammu district .
After the authorities alerted IAF, rescue operation was launched by pressing MI-17 chopper into service under the command of Wing Commander Anoop Sharma and carried out difficult evacuation in Akhnoor belt this morning, a Defence spokesman said.
They rescued 14 people, including 3 children and as many women caught in flash-floods in river Chenab in Patyari belt and flew them after a half-hour long difficult operation to an air force station, he said.
Since the past two days, nearly 250 people have been rescued by various teams of the Army and IAF from flash-floods in the Jammu region.

Apple  Google appeal rejection of $325-mn hiring settlementApple, Google appeal rejection of $325-mn hiring settlement
Reuters
Tweet
Reuters Plaintiff workers accused Apple, Google, Intel and Adobe in a 2011 lawsuit of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees.
Reuters Plaintiff workers accused Apple, Google, Intel and Adobe in a 2011 lawsuit of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees.
San Francisco, Sept 4:  
Four technology companies including Apple and Google blasted a US judge for rejecting a proposed $324.5-million settlement over hiring practices in Silicon Valley and asked an appeals court to intervene, according to a court filing.
Plaintiff workers accused Apple, Google, Intel and Adobe in a 2011 lawsuit of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees.
Last month US District Judge Lucy Koh in San Jose, California, rejected the proposed class action settlement, saying the amount was too low.
In a court filing late on Thursday, the companies asked the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals to overrule Koh's decision.
Koh “committed clear legal error” and “impermissibly substituted the court's assessment of the value of the case for that of the parties who have been litigating the case for more than three years,” they wrote.
Adobe declined to comment, as did an attorney for the plaintiffs. Representatives for the other three firms could not immediately be reached for comment.
Tech employees alleged that the conspiracy limited their job mobility and, as a result, kept a lid on salaries.
The case has been closely watched because of the possibility of big damages being awarded and for the opportunity of a glimpse into the world of some of America's elite tech firms.
Plaintiffs based their allegations of conspiracy largely on emails circulated among Apple's late co-founder Steve Jobs, former Google Chief Executive Officer Eric Schmidt, and some of their rivals.
Plaintiff attorneys argued Koh should approve the deal because the workers faced the risk of losing the case in an appeal.
In rejecting the proposed settlement, Koh cited "substantial and compelling evidence" that Jobs "was a, if not the, central figure in the alleged conspiracy."
Koh repeatedly referred to a related settlement last year involving Disney and Intuit. Apple and Google workers got proportionally less in the latest deal compared to the one involving Disney, Koh wrote.
To match the earlier settlement, the latest deal "would need to total at least $380 million," Koh wrote.
In the filing on Thursday, Apple, Google, Intel and Adobe said Koh's approach was "rigid and formulaic."
Instead of approving the deal, Koh "dismissed the parties' analysis of the trial risks, suggesting that, unless the settlement was larger, the court had - in its own words - 'wasted years on this case.'"
A hearing before Koh is scheduled for Sept. 10. Earlier this week both sides said they had resumed mediation talks.
The case is In Re: High-Tech Employee Antitrust Litigation, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California 11-cv-2509.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

New company law: Working group set up to review e-voting normsWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Free undertrials who have finished half thei...Release all undertrials who have completed half their term: Supreme Court
ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 12.59AM IST
(Two months' drive, starting…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday ordered a mammoth two-month-long judicial exercise to clear jails of more than two lakh undertrial prisoners, saying that it cannot wait any longer for the government to act.
Those who have spent half the jail terms had they been convicted stand to benefit from Friday's order. The order will not cover those accused of murders and terrorist activities that carry death penalty. It will, however, come to the rescue of prisoners facing trial for offences such as rape, molestation, banditry, robbery and criminal intimidation.
"Because of the inability of the government we are suffering. I don't think we have a ready-made solution. It needs a multi-pronged strategy. The time has come for a concrete resolution," a bench headed by outgoing Chief Justice RM Lodha said. The order came after Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said the law and home ministries were in the process of consulting states on the issue, but urged the court to pass any judicial order facilitating the process.
Justices Kurian Joseph and RF Nariman were the other two judges on the bench that was dealing with a public interest litigation filed by National Panthers Party leader Bhim Singh.
The formal process to release undertrials would commence on October 1, after an identification exercise by local judicial magistrates, the bench said. The magistrates shall send a report of compliance to the registrar generals of the respective high courts, who would in turn report to the Supreme Court secretary general "without delay". At last count, the number of undertrials was double that of convicts. Releasing these people would relieve states of the burden of taking care of them, Justice Lodha said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US $ makes six-year high ahead of payroll numbereuro
(Upbeat data for the world's…)
TOKYO: The dollar soared to a near six-year high against the yen Friday on upbeat expectations for US jobs data , while the euro sank after the European Central Bank launched a surprise round of monetary easing.
The greenback jumped to 105.69 yen in early Asian trade -- its highest level since the depths of the global financial crisis in October 2008 -- before easing slightly to 105.33 yen. However, it was still above the 105.22 yen seen in New York.
The euro, which fell below $1.30 for the first time since July 2013 on Thursday, bought $1.2931 compared with $1.2945 in US trade while it was unchanged at 136.22 yen.
Upbeat data for the world's number one economy have helped boost the dollar recently, with key jobs numbers scheduled for later Friday.
The US currency has also been given a lift against the yen as investors shift out of the euro after the ECB's announcement.
The dollar's rebound to crisis-era levels is psychologically significant, said Junichi Ishikawa, market analyst at IG Securities.
"This will send a signal to the market that further advances in the dollar lie ahead," Ishikawa said.
ECB policymakers on Thursday cut eurozone interest rates to 0.05 per cent from 0.15 per cent and the deposit rate to minus 0.2 per cent from minus 0.1 per cent, meaning lenders will now have to pay more to keep their cash at the central bank.
It also unveiled plans to purchase asset-backed securities to help kick-start lending in the region, which is dogged by the threat of deflation.
"The ECB over-delivered versus consensus market expectations," National Australia Bank said in a note.
Tsuyoshi Hirota, chief manager of the forex department at Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking, said some market players were "taking dollar-buying opportunities ahead of the release of the (US) jobs data" Friday.
"Strong figures are expected, prompting short-term buying," he said of the August employment data.
The US economy's upward momentum has fuelled speculation the Federal Reserve will hike interest rates sooner than later, which would boost the greenback.
On Thursday, the Bank of Japan (BoJ) kept its loose monetary policy in place but held off expanding the programme. It stuck to its rosy view of the world's number three economy despite mounting evidence that an April sales tax hike has stalled growth.
The dollar was mostly higher against other Asia-Pacific currencies. It strengthened to Sg$1.2558 from Sg$1.2518 on Thursday, to 32.11 Thai baht from 32.03 baht, to 1,025.25 South Korean won from 1,018.75 won, and to 43.66 Philippine pesos from 43.57 pesos.
The dollar also rose to Tw$29.94 from Tw$29.90 and to 60.43 Indian rupees from 60.42 rupees, while it edged down to 11,765.00 Indonesian rupiah from 11,766.30 rupiah.
The Australian dollar inched up to 93.41 US cents from 93.38 cents while the Chinese yuan rose to 17.12 yen from 17.09 yen.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt not to allow onion price to rise in fes...Agriculture Minister
(The government will take…)
NEW DELHI: Amid fears of spike in onion prices during the upcoming festive season, Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh today said the government will take all measures to ensure prices of onion do not touch the Rs 80-100 per kg level again.
Due to late monsoon, arrival of kharif (summer) onion crops would be delayed by a month in key growing areas of Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, threatening to push up prices in the late September and October.
"Delhi people know that the earlier government used to be scared when onion prices skyrocketed to Rs 80-100 per kg. Now, prices are ruling at Rs 25-30 per kg and the government is awake and will not allow prices to rise," Singh told reporters on the sidelines of a CII event on the dairy sector.
The government will take all measures to ensure prices of onion do not reach the level of Rs 80-100 per kg and cause pain to consumers, he said.
"I would like to ask from people what was onion price in the last year and what it is today. The government is taking measures to control prices of all fruits and vegetables. ...By all means, we will not allow onion prices to reach the level that used to be in Congress-led government regime," he said.
In order to avoid spike in onion prices during late September and October, the government recently removed the requirement of mandatory fumigation for imported onion to boost supply of the commodity and check price rise.
The removal of this requirement would reduce the time taken for imports of onion into the country. The government has also waived off the four times penal fees on account of non-compliance of the fumigation norms.
The domestic demand during the lean period from June to November is met through stored rabi (winter) and fresh kharif (summer) produce.
As per official data, onion prices are at present stable in the range of Rs 20-30 kg in most part of the country. Onion is available at Rs 30 per kg in Delhi, Rs 32 per kg in Mumbai and Rs 25 per kg in Chennai and Kolkata.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sonam to play a modern day princess in Salman Khan-starrer  Prem Ratan DhanPayoSonam to play a modern day princess in Salman Khan-starrer  Prem Ratan DhanPayo
Mercedes-Benz passenger car sales jump 9.7% in AugustMercedes-Benz passenger car sales jump 9.7% in August
Reuters
Tweet
FRANKFURT, Sept 5:  
Daimler sold 118,887 Mercedes-Benz passenger cars in August, a 9.7 percent improvement on the year thanks to small car sales and record deliveries in China and the United States.
Mercedes sales fell 6.2 percent in Germany, the brand's home market, but growth of 9.4 percent in the United States to 27,078 vehicles and of 18.3 percent in China to 21,398 cars helped the brand achieve its highest-ever sales in August.
Demand for compact cars, which include the A-Class, B-class and CLA coupe, rose almost 30 percent, while sales of the flagship S-class model more than doubled.
In the eight months through August, Mercedes has sold 1,032,410 vehicles, an increase of 12.3 percent year-on-year.
Ola Kaellenius, divisional board member responsible for sales and marketing at Mercedes-Benz Cars said the launch of new models will provide a further boost this year.
"The launch of the new C-Class sedan in China and the U.S., its largest markets, will add further sales momentum. The new C-Class estate and the S-Class coupe, which we will launch in Europe in mid-September, will also contribute to additional growth," Kaellenius said.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

India-Australia civil nuclear deal set to be signed todayNayanima Basu |  New Delhi Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:59 AM IST
India, Australia sign civilian nuclear energy deal
Uranium shipments might not start before 2-5 years; supplies might be limited
Adding another feather to its foreign policy cap, the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday signed a civil nuclear agreement with Australia to address India’s growing need for power.
The deal, signed in the presence of Modi and visiting Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, officially marked an end to the ban imposed by Australia on selling uranium to India. The ban was lifted in 2012, when talks for the nuclear deal began.
This will be the first such deal signed by the NDA government. India has similar agreements with the US, Canada, the UK, South Korea and France, among other countries.
“The signing of the civil nuclear cooperation agreement is a historic milestone in our relationship. It is a reflection of a new level of mutual trust and confidence in our relationship and will open a new chapter in our bilateral cooperation. It will support India’s efforts to fuel its growth with clean energy and minimise its carbon footprint,” Modi said after a meeting with his Australian counterpart.
ALSO READ:  Experts welcome nuclear deal with Australia
Abbott said the deal would “finally allow Australian uranium sales to India”. He added the decision to sale uranium to India was “originally an initiative of the Howard government, now brought to fruition by the Abbott government”, referring to his Liberal Party predecessor John Howard, prime minister of Australia in 1996-2007.
The memorandum of understanding (MoU) for the deal, Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy, was signed between R K Sinha, secretary, department of atomic energy, and Patrick Suckling, Australia’s high commissioner to India, following a meeting of the two prime ministers here.
ALSO READ:  Australian PM arrives, nuclear energy deal likely to be signed Friday
“The agreement will promote cooperation in peaceful uses of nuclear energy. It recognises India’s commitment and use of nuclear energy with a view to achieving sustainable development and strengthening energy security. Australia can play the role of a long-term reliable supplier of uranium to India. It provides for supply of uranium, production of radio isotopes, nuclear safety and other areas of cooperation,” the MoU stated.
Apparently, both sides also signed a parallel nuclear safeguards agreement, as India isn’t a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. This was also the case when India had signed a civil nuclear deal with Canada, a senior official told Business Standard.
Australia has about 40 per cent of global uranium reserves, of which it exports about 20 per cent, making it one of the largest exporters of the commodity. It doesn’t have any nuclear power plants of its own.
However, uranium supplies from Australia, which stands to earn billions of dollars through such shipments, to India could be limited because of Australia’s domestic laws. Besides, it might take four-five years for the shipments to start. According to Australian rules, uranium mining is limited to only a few mines and most are bound by long-terms contracts.
“This deal isn’t that much about business; it has more to do with India being recognised as a credible, nuclear-responsible state,” said the official quoted earlier.
India has 21 operational nuclear power reactors, across six power plants, with an installed capacity of 5,302 Mw; these produce 29,664.75 GWh of electricity. Seven more reactors, under construction, are expected to generate an additional 6,100 Mw, according to official statistics.
Under the nuclear power generation programme, India hopes to increase its nuclear capacity to 63,000 Mw by 2032 by adding about 30 reactors, at an estimated cost of $85 billion.

Former CJI Sathasivam assumes office as Kerala GovernorPress Trust of India | Posted: September 5, 2014 2:07 pm
Former Chief Justice of India Palanisamy Sathasivam on Friday assumed office as 23rd Governor of Kerala, succeeding Sheila Dikshit.
65-year-old Justice Sathasivam, whose appointment triggered debate in legal and political circles on the propriety of giving gubernatorial assignment to a former CJI, was administered the oath of office by Acting Chief Justice of the Kerala High Court, Justice Ashok Bhushan, at a simple function held at the Raj Bhavan here.
Saraswathy Sathasivam, wife of the Governor, was also present on the occasion.
Sathasivam is the first retired CJI to become a Governor of a state.
Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, his cabinet colleagues, Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha P J Kurien and state Assembly Speaker G Karthikeyan were present. However, Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan and other LDF leaders were conspicuous by their absence.
When contacted, sources at the office of Opposition leader said he did not attend the function as there was no intimation about it. However, government said the charge that the Opposition leader was not invited for the function was factually incorrect.
An official release said Achuthanandan was officially invited for the function and also a seat for him was reserved in the front row at Raj Bhavan.
After Sathasivam’s appointment as Governor, State Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala had stated that there was no place for differences and controversies once he was made the governor and welcomed his appointment.
After his appointment on September 3, Sathasivam had said after his retirement “I can utilise my service to the people of the state in a better way compared to other politicians.”
“I want to utilise my experience for the people of the particular state (Kerala),” he had said.
Justice Sathasivam, born on April 27, 1949, became CJI in July 2013 and retired from the position in April this year.
Before his supreme court assignment, he served as a Judge of Madras High Court and the Punjab and Haryana High Court.
He is the first non-political person appointed for a gubernatorial post by the new NDA government.

Abbott  Najib Razak to discuss MH370  MH17 tragediesKuala Lumpur, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 5, 2014 14:47 IST
Abbott, Najib Razak to discuss MH370, MH17 tragedies
DPA
AP Australian PM Tony Abbott speaks with crew members involved in the search for wreckage of MH370, as Malaysian PM Najib Razak (L) looks on, in Perth. File photo
TOPICS
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Malaysian leader Najib Razak are to meet on the weekend to discuss progress on cooperation related to two air tragedies that hit Malaysia Airlines planes, the Foreign Ministry said on Friday.
Mr. Abbott was scheduled to arrive in Kuala Lumpur on Saturday for a one-day visit.
“High on the agenda is discussions on the status of the two countries’ cooperation in relation to Malaysia Airlines (MAS) flight MH370 and flight MH17 incidents,” according to a Foreign Ministry statement. “Both Prime Ministers will also exchange views on regional and international issues of common concern to the countries,” it added.
Australia is leading the search for the Beijing-bound MH370, which disappeared on March 8 and was believed to have crashed in the southern Indian Ocean.
It is also active in an international investigation over the crash of MH17 on July 17 in eastern Ukraine after it was shot down by a missile.

Samsung committed to smart home revolution:CEO(Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Berlin | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:16 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 4:05 pm
Samsung CEO BK Yoon on Friday ushered in a new era in smart homes across the world by committing one of the largest tech companies in the world towards the cause. He called on all companies to collaborate and help bring the “future home”. He said the homes of the future must be protective, flexible and responsive. “But each family has its own requirements. So there will be not one but a billion smart homes of the future,” he said in the keynote address at opening of the IFA 2014 in Berlin.
Samsung research has shown how diverse our lifestyles are across the world, he said, adding that the future homes will be here before you know it.

Teachers Day LIVE: Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressing schools across thecountryLive telecast of PM Modi's address at a school in Delhi. (Source: Express photo by Amit Chakravarty)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:14 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 7:28 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s programme on the occasion of Teacher’s Day, was telecast live in several schools across the country on Friday afternoon. Ahead of the PM’s speech, students made some presentations and speeches. Around 12 million students from around the country were connected via video conferencing with the PM.  Here are the highlights:
 
# Keep the child alive in you, says PM Narendra Modi talking to students.
# Skill development is very important in one’s life. Skill development is more important than degrees, says PM Modi.
# Start developing reading habit, says PM Narendra Modi.
# Politics is a service. One who is in politics should serve people like his or her family member, says PM Narendra Modi.
# Politics is not a profession, says Modi.
# It’s not the climate that has changed, we’ve changed for bad and harmed, says Modi.
# What can we do about degradation of environment and climate change, asks a student to PM Modi.
# There is no need to do big things for serving the nation. Start from ground level. Save electricity, save environment if you want to serve nation.
# How can we help you in developing the nation asks a student to PM Modi.
# I am focussing on Digital India so modern technology reaches our children and in different languages, says PM Modi.
# If a girl is educated, the entire family is educated, says PM Modi talking to students.
# Lack of toilets is a major reason for girl student dropouts in India, says Modi.
# Student asked Modi about lack of education in naxal hit areas of Bastar and Dantewada.
#  I used to be naughty and mischievous as a student, says Modi.
# A teacher should not discriminate among students, says Modi answering queries of the students. He or she should concentrate on brilliant, weak and average students equally.
#A teacher’s job is to discover the hidden talent of a student and hone it, says Modi.
# Japanese have scientific temperament and they know how to respect others.
# Modi says students in Japan have an amazing level of discipline.
# I visited a school in Japan and found that there’s learning, not teaching, says Modi.
# PM tells students about the education system in Japan.
# To PM aspirant, Modi says prepare of 2024 elections.
#  I get positive energy from you all (students), says Modi addressing students on Teacher’s Day.
# Student asks PM what kind of a person he is in real life, a master or a friend.
# One should dream about doing something, not becoming someone, says Modi.
#  I am a taskmaster, says Modi answering queries of students via video conferencing on the occasion of Teacher’s Day.
# PM Modi releases book on Clean Education, Clean Schools.
# While experience has been my best teacher, I also believe that good teachers and education were also equally important in building up my life.
# Having experienced the tenure of a CM in Gujarat, I see no difference in my working style, says PM Modi.
# PM Modi answering queries of the students while addressing school students on Teacher’s Day.
# You should read about lives of people who have been successful in life, says Modi.
# It is my request to the students, please try to read the biographies and good books on great people, says Modi on Teacher’s Day.
# Don’t keep students away from technology. Technology is very important. Keeping people away from Technology is a crime, Modi says on Teacher’s Day.
#  India needs good teachers. It is a concern why children do not aim to become teachers, says Modi on Teacher’s Day.
# Why is teaching no longer interactive in India? asks PM Modi addressing students on Teacher’s day.
#A girl student addresses gathering ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s speech.
# 2,500 central schools and 12 million students are about to listen to PM Modi’s address.

LTTE militant jailed for murder of Lankan armygeneralPress Trust of India | Colombo | Posted: September 5, 2014 2:59 pm
On Friday a  Sri Lankan court  sentenced an LTTE operative to 20 years in jail for the murder of a popular army general six years ago.
The High Court in the north central town of Anuradhapura sentenced the unnamed LTTE militant for the killing of retired Major General Janaka Perera.
Perera, a celebrated soldier during the military’s battle against the LTTE, joined the main opposition UNP after retiring.
He was killed in October, 2008 when an LTTE suicide bomber blew himself up at the UNP office in Anuradhapura when Perera stood as the main opposition party’s chief ministerial candidate in the province.
At least 28 people, including Perera and his wife, were killed in the blast while over 90 others were also injured.
The LTTE had also opposed Perera’s tenure as Sri Lanka’s Ambassador to Australia previously.
Perera was feared as a military officer by the Tamil militant group as he had thwarted many rebel attacks on government troops during the over three-decade civil war.

USL board orders probe into loans to UB Grou...You are here: Home > Collections
United Spirits Ltd board orders probe into loans to UB Group companies
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 02.47PM IST
(The Board has directed the…)
NEW DELHI: The Board of United Spirits Ltd, now controlled by Diageo, has ordered a probe into the loans given by United Spirits to UB Group companies as it posted a whopping net loss of Rs 4,488.77 crore for the financial year ended March 31, 2014.
The company had reported net loss of Rs 105.03 crore in the fiscal ended March 31, 2013.
USL made provisions of Rs 1,012.75 crore in year ended March 31, 2014 on the account of 'doubtful loans' and exceptional item of Rs 3,235.73 crore on sales of Scottish subsidiary, Whyte and Mackay.
While ordering the probe for a "detailed and expeditious enquiry on doubtful loans", the company said: "The Board has directed the Managing Director to engage independent advisors and specialists as required for the enquiry.
"Certain pre-existing loans/deposits/advances due to the company and its wholly owned subsidiaries from United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd which were in existence as on March 31, 2013, has been taken into consider atom in the consolidated annual accounts of the company drawn up as of that date."
Pursuant to a previous resolution passed by the Board on October 11, 2012, such dues (together with interest) aggregating to Rs 1337.40 crore were consolidated into, and recorded as, an unsecured loan by way of an agreement between the company and UBHL," the company said.
For the quarter ended March 31, 2014, the company reported standalone net sales of Rs 1,916.95 as against Rs 1,866.18 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
For the quarter ended March 31, 2014, USL's standalone net loss stood at Rs 5380.10 crore as against net profit of Rs 56.02 crore.
The probe comes after UB group chairman Vijay Mallya was declared a wilful defaulter by state-owned United Bank of India.
However, Mallya disagreed with the action of the lender and said he would pursue legal action.
"We were not given a hearing, we have not appeared before them, we disagree with their action and we shall pursue legal action," Mallya told reporters after the annual general meeting of United Breweries yesterday.
World's largest spirits maker Diageo Plc announced on November 9, 2012 that it will acquire 53.4 per cent stake in United Spirits for Rs 11,166.5 crore in a multi-structured deal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Expect current bull market rally to sustain for several years: Dipen Sheth  HDFC SecuritiesYou are here: Home > Collections
Expect current bull market rally to sustain for several years: Dipen Sheth, HDFC Securities
ET Now Sep 5, 2014, 03.11PM IST
Tags:
Dipen Sheth
("Whether it is consumer…)
In a chat with ET Now, Dipen Sheth, Head-Institutional Research, HDFC Securities, shares his views on the markets. Excerpts:
ET Now: It is turning out to be a near perfect week for the Indian markets. What do you think is taking the markets up?
Dipen Sheth: We are seeing a confluence of positives, whether it is in terms of factors within the country such as signs of the inflation easing, bottoming out the economic cycle, or a little bit of cure in the twin deficits. There is some scepticism there, but directionally things are positive.
There had been a huge mood swing after the elections and now as the government moves forward and makes constructive moves, in terms of policy framework, the vibes that are going out serve to increase confidence. So whether it is consumer confidence, business confidence or investor confidence, there is a confluence of positives.
Globally, you have the United States in the midst of what looks like a very solid economic recovery and you have Europe not willing to let go of loose monetary policy. You have other emerging markets looking not so strong versus India, as they were six months ago, or in August last year.
Therefore, it is all coming together. A couple of factors might move this way or that and I would add softer oil prices to that mix. You have a potent mix here and it is a multi-year mix, because this is going to lead to earnings upgrade and PEs being upgraded.
Hence, there is going to be a lot of double whammies and in less than six months from now, people are going to make FY17 numbers and then get a little aggressive on FY16. So the momentum is just building up and it is too early to call it a bubble.
ET Now: How much of the good news is in the price, because investing is also about buying the right stock at the right price?
Dipen Sheth: Investing is a bit about timing, but mostly what we are trying to understand is where the pendulum is shifting. Any student of Physics will tell you that the stable position for the pendulum is in the middle. If it is swinging from a bad mood all the way to a good mood, the market is going to go up higher than you think.
Some bad boats will also float up in the tide and over a period of time a cleansing will happen and some not-so-deserving, let us say, midcaps which are run by dubious promoters with not-so-great credentials will have a bit of swing back, but the good stuff will continue to move up for a while.
The markets could get higher than where a rational investor might want them to go, just as in a bad cycle, the rational investor cannot stay liquid forever, but the markets can keep on ramming down prices almost forever. So this is going to happen for a while.
ET Now: Is it prudent to put your money in the midcap IT space, or for that matter auto ancillaries or midcap pharma as well, and diversify out of the Nifty names?
Dipen Sheth: It depends on your risk appetite. There are different funds. So you have funds called the top 200 or the Nifty-focused funds and so on.
These kinds of names are there in the mutual fund universe and they are primarily focused on the large names. There are clearly dedicated large cap funds, there are blended funds and then there are midcap funds.
  So it is not that you do not have to look at the midcaps. The midcaps are never midcaps forever. A lot of the midcaps have become large caps precisely because of cycles like this. So, there is an obscene amount of money to be made in midcaps, if you find the rights ones.
So this is a magnificent time for doing some deep down soul searching and stock picking and figuring out which is the next set of midcaps which is going to really break into the stratosphere and if on the large caps you will double your money in two or three years.
In the large caps, you will get 20-30% CAGR in probably 50 or 60% of the stocks, if you are lucky. For those who are willing to take a 20-30% CAGR over the next two or three years, the large caps are good enough.
ET Now: We have seen a massive PE expansion in pharma. Earnings are strong, but do pharma companies deserve PE multiples of 25 times, 30 times, or even 30 times plus?
Dipen Sheth: You have to look at it in the context of what pharma is capable of doing and what Indian pharma is capable of doing in a global context -- where healthcare costs in the US need to be managed and managed desperately, where Indian pharma has shown multiyear capability to deliver molecules and formulations at single digit percentage costs of what it takes to do so in the US.
So to me, the pharma opportunity for India is akin to what the IT opportunity is. We are very talented from a global perspective and we can deliver at a fraction of the global cost.

Gold Dips for Sixth Day on Sustained Selling  Global CuesYou are here: Home Industries
Gold Dips for Sixth Day on Sustained Selling, Global Cues
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 05, 2014 15:20 (IST)
Apple Unveils the Watch, Larger iPhones at Star-Studded Event
New Delhi: Continuing its losing streak for the sixth day, gold prices eased further by Rs 90 to end at Rs 27,770 per 10 grams in the national capital on Friday on sustained selling by stockists, tracking weakening global trend.
Silver also extended losses for the fourth day and lost another Rs 200 to Rs 42,000 per kg due to reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said sustained selling by stockists in tandem with a weakening global trend mainly kept pressure on precious metal prices.
Gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell 0.66 per cent to $1,260.90 an ounce and silver 0.57 per cent to $19.06 an ounce in Thursday's trade.
Besides, sluggish demand from jewellers and retailers dampened the sentiment, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity declined by Rs 90 each to Rs 27,770 and Rs 27,570 per ten grams, respectively. The yellow metal had lost Rs 440 in the previous five sessions.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 24,500 per piece of 8 grams in limited deals.
In line with a general weak trend, silver ready fell by Rs 200 to Rs 42,000 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 85 to Rs 41,650 per kg. The white metal had lost Rs 600 in last three days.
On the other hand, silver coins ruled steady at Rs 73,000 for buying and Rs 74,000 for selling of 100 pieces in restricted buying.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 15:19 (IST)

Adani Enterprises may hit Rs 550-560: Ashish Chaturmohta01:30 pm
Ashish Chaturmohta of Fortune Equity Broker told CNBC-TV18, "We have seen  Adani Enterprises  crossing almost four weeks of consolidation with very strong volume participation. The Level of Rs 512 was a very stiff resistance for this stock. We are seeing the stock consolidating at these areas with strong volume as well as OI build up. So it is clearly indicating we can see a good upmove from current levels."
"One can keep a stoploss below Rs 500 levels whereas on the upside we expect this stock to target Rs 550-560 levels," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Voltas  sell IFCI: Kunal Saraogi02:30 pm
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush told CNBC-TV18, " Voltas has broken out afresh on the charts. A very decisive breakout in a market which is otherwise sluggish. So, Rs 267 is very easily
achievable on Voltas. One could look to buy the stock at the current levels and put a stoploss at Rs 253."
"I have a sell recommendation on IFCI  which has broken through a major consolidation and I think the stock is likely to head substantially lower from the current levels. One can sell it with a target of Rs 31 and put a stoploss at Rs 33.25," he added.
RELATED NEWS

L&T wins Rs.5 100 crore thermal power project order in MPL&T wins Rs.5 100 crore thermal power project order in MP
BJP will take a decision on govt formation in Delhi: RajnathBJP will take a decision on govt formation in Delhi: Rajnath
Global service sector maintains solid expansionGlobal service sector maintains solid expansion
Tata Power announces Appellate Tribunal for Electricity stays MERC orderTata Power announces Appellate Tribunal for Electricity stays MERC order
Joan Rivers  funeral to be held in New YorkJoan Rivers  funeral to be held in New York
Sensex down nearly 150 points; Smallcap index up 1%Sensex down nearly 150 points; Smallcap index up 1%
Mallya s MCF fight may hinge on  wilful defaulter  battleMallya s MCF fight may hinge on  wilful defaulter  battle
Shiv-Vani Oil & Gas Exploration Services: AGM on Sept 30  2014Sep 05, 2014, 03.22 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Shiv-Vani Oil & Gas Exploration Services: AGM on Sept 30, 2014
Shiv-Vani Oil & Gas Exploration Services has informed that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shiv-Vani Oil & Gas Exploration Services: AGM on Sept 30, 2014
Shiv-Vani Oil & Gas Exploration Services has informed that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Shiv-Vani Oil & Gas Exploration Services Ltd has informed BSE that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy NTPC  Asian Paints: Manav Chopra02:30 pm
Manav Chopra of Nirmal Bang told CNBC-TV18, "One can buy Asian Paints . The stock overall has been in a very good uptrend since last couple of weeks and it has been forming a series of higher highs and lower lows. It has also managed to close above the important hurdles of Rs 640 which is quite positive. So, at the current levels the stock has an important support around Rs 638 and we recommend a buy with a stoploss of Rs 635 and expect an upside target of Rs 670."
"One can buy  NTPC . The stock recently has tested its long term averages and has also bounced from its oversold zone which suggests that at the current levels it has formed a very strong support around Rs 137-138. Looking at the overall structure NTPC has also outperformed in last couple of trading sessions. We expect the stock to move higher in the near term. We also expect an upside target of Rs 147 and the stoploss can be maintained at Rs 138," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Adi Rasayan: AGM on Sep 27  2014Sep 05, 2014, 03.22 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Adi Rasayan: AGM on Sep 27, 2014
Adi Rasayan has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Adi Rasayan: AGM on Sep 27, 2014
Adi Rasayan has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Adi Rasayan Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Motorola unveils new Moto G  Moto XHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Motorola unveils new Moto G, Moto X, Moto 360 smartwatch
PTI
REUTERS Moto 360 smartwatch
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
Riding high on the success of its affordable handsets, Motorola Mobility today unveiled the second generation of its popular Moto G and Moto X in India in an exclusive partnership with homegrown e-tailer Flipkart.
The US-based firm, which has sold 1.6 million units of Moto E, G and X since February, is betting on the new version to help it ramp up sales in the fiercely competitive Indian smartphone market.
“Partnering with Flipkart, we had launched Moto G a few months ago, followed by Moto X and Moto E, all of which have received tremendous response in India. Now, we are bringing in a new generation with better features and at an attractive price,” Motorola Mobility India General Manager Amit Boni told reporters here.
Moto G will be priced at Rs 12,999 (16 GB), which is cheaper by Rs 1,000 compared to the previous generation.
Along with the Moto 360 smartwatch, Motorola will make the Moto X available later this month. The pricing of both the devices will be announced later.
Smartphone sales
Motorola claims to have over 5 per cent share of the Indian smartphone market.
According to research firm IDC, smartphone sales in the country grew almost three-fold to over 44 million in 2013, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms.
In the second quarter of 2014, 18.42 million smartphones were shipped in India. Samsung is the leader with a 29 per cent market share, followed by Micromax (18 per cent).
The smartphone category is witnessing intense competition, especially in the affordable (sub $100) segment.
Firefox, Google phones
Last week, Firefox (in partnership with Spice and Intex) had launched two new handsets, priced below Rs 2,300, aimed at those looking to upgrade from feature phones to smartphones.
Google is also expected to launch its much-awaited sub-$100 (around Rs 6,000) smartphones in India on September 15, which will further intensify competition in the booming multi-billion dollar smart devices market here.
Flipkart Vice President Retail and Head Strategic Brand Alliances Michael Adnani said 1.6 million units of Moto E, G and X have already been sold on Flipkart.
“Moto E accounts for the bulk. We are confident that we will see similar response for the new devices as well,” he added.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Sensex down 111 points; auto  power stocks major losersSensex ends 59 points down on weak global cues, selling in blue-chips
PTI/Reuters
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
The benchmark Sensex today fell 59.23 points to end at 27,026.70, its second straight session of decline after logging new highs earlier this week, due to losses in blue-chips, including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Motors, amid a weak global trend.
Domestic stock markets opened on a better note with the 30-share BSE index Sensex touching the day’s high of 27,178.80 points in early trade. It later slipped below the 27,000-mark and touched the day’s low of 26,920.56 before ending at 27,026.70, registering a drop of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent.
Among Sensex 30 components, 17 stocks ended in the negative zone, while 13 closed higher.
On Thursday, the Sensex had lost 54.01 points. It had hit a life high of 27,225.85 and closed at a record peak of 27,139.94 on Wednesday.
Brokers said emergence of selling in stocks that had recently witnessed gains and a weak trend in global markets, led to the fall in major indices today.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also shed 9.1 points or 0.11 per cent to end at 8,086.85. During the session, the Nifty shuttled between 8,122.70 and 8,049.85.
Yesterday, it had fallen by 18.65 points.
Sectoral indices
Among the sectoral indices, the BSE Auto index dropped 0.65 per cent, followed by FMCG 0.32 per cent and Banking 0.3 per cent.
On the other hand, the BSE Realty index surged 1.15 per cent, followed by Capital Goods 0.86 per cent, Metal 0.69 per cent and IT 0.51 per cent, among others.
The BSE Small-cap index advanced 1.25 per cent and Mid-cap index added 0.56 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Asian, European markets
Asian shares and the euro slipped on Friday after the European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Investors await the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe’s main stock markets also dipped in late morning trade today after data showed the 18-nation euro zone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.
The euro was deep in the red on Friday, having suffered its steepest fall in three years after the European Central Bank stunned markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
The aggressive shift sent short-term bond yields into negative territory in Germany, France, the Netherlands and Austria, giving investors an overwhelming incentive to sell euros for higher-yielding assets elsewhere.
That stood in stark contrast to the United States, where upbeat data only reinforced the case for the Federal Reserve to wind down its stimulus, driving the dollar higher and sideswiping oil and gold in the process.
After surging to a 6-1/2 month high on Thursday, European share markets saw some minor profit taking as the US payrolls report loomed large later in the session. London's FTSE 100, the DAX in Frankfurt and CAC 40 in Paris were all around 0.1-0.2 per cent lower but this week's gains - the fourth in a row - took the pan-regional FTSEurofirst 300 index's rise since mid August to over 8 per cent.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Subrata Roy seeks more time to sell overseas assetsIANS |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 01:32 PM IST
Subrata Roy seeks more time to sell overseas assets
The Supreme Court will likely hear the Sahara chief's plea on Monday
The Supreme Court is likely to hear Monday an application by Sahara Group chief Subrata Roy seeking extension of another 10 days' stay in the conference hall of the Tihar Jail court complex for negotiating the sale of his assets.
The assets located abroad and within the country are to be sold to raise Rs.10,000 crore as part repayment of investors' money that Sahara Group's two companies had collected under OFCDs.
Sahara lawyer mentioned the matter before the bench headed by Justice T.S. Thakur on Friday.
 Advertisements

Surviving the T-surveyTweet
Be counted: An enumerator verifies original documents during the Intensive Household Survey conducted by the Telangana Government at Fasalwadi village in Medak district.
All roads, and hopes and fears, led to Telangana as it embarked on a day of household enumeration
They may have dreaded it, loved it or hated it, but no one ignored it. The first-ever Intensive Household Survey conducted on August 19 in the newly formed State of Telangana saw lakhs of people scurrying home. Whether they were textile workers in Surat and Bhiwandi, construction workers in Mumbai and Ahmedabad, IT employees in Pune and Bangalore, or eking out a living from menial jobs elsewhere, all those who called Telangana home made a beeline for the survey, families in tow, to inscribe their place in the government records.
For more than 20 days preceding the survey, people talked of nothing else, anxiously wondering what was in store for them, what they should reveal and what they shouldn’t. Domestic helps, auto drivers and construction labourers working in the cities were unsure whether they were expected to return to their native village or stay back in the city. No one had any answers.
With the air thick with confusion, rumours spread wildly. There were apprehensions about sharing bank account details, and other privacy concerns. In fact, some citizens even moved the High Court to challenge the survey.
The government quickly backed down and clarified that the survey was not mandatory, which prompted the court to give a go-ahead.
When the big day finally dawned, practically every street remained deserted, not least because the government had declared a public holiday and directed private concerns to shut shop. Buses were off the roads too.
Announcing the survey on August 1, Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao had asked people to stay home for the day and provide the right details to help the government weed out fake beneficiaries in welfare schemes. The number of households far exceeded the number of ration cards, burning a big hole in the exchequer. “We pay salaries but we don’t have the accurate number of employees in the government,” he said.
Accurate data would help the government formulate efficient policies, he pointed out. “We all thought the population of Hyderabad is 76 lakh and has about 15 lakh households. But preliminary numbers indicate that the population crosses the 1.2-crore mark in about 20 lakh households,” he said after the survey.
About four lakh government employees and thousands of engineering students went door to door for the survey. People with roots in Telangana and living elsewhere in India or abroad feared they may be excluded from government welfare schemes if they failed to show up for the survey. Telugus with roots in Andhra Pradesh, but living in Telangana feared it was a ploy to exclude them.
Ramulu, a 30-year-old mason, had not visited his native village for close to five years. But on August 19, he arrived in Gadwal, 100km from Hyderabad, with his wife and daughter. Balachandar, who works in Bahrain, also headed home to Warangal with his family. He was among scores of migrant workers in the Gulf who timed their India visit to coincide with the survey.
Auto driver Niranjan was undecided about going to his village, where his extended family owns a small chunk of land. “Will I lose my claim on my share in the undivided landholding if I don’t go?” he wanted to know. He finally chose to stay back in Hyderabad for the survey to ensure his “family doesn’t become ineligible for welfare schemes”.
Despite having to travel all the way from Bahrain, Balachandar backs the government’s decision. “What is wrong in sharing the details? Accurate information will help the government in drafting schemes,” he says.
The survey covered 1.05 crore households, 20 lakh more than the 2011 Census. About 2.3 lakh households are yet to be covered.
Social networking sites were flooded with messages from users sharing their survey experiences. People stayed indoors all day, updating friends about the goings-on.
The timing of the survey had fuelled fears that the government was out to discriminate against natives of Andhra Pradesh. Barely weeks ago, there were moves to exclude Andhra students from the fee reimbursement scheme, triggering protests from parties in Andhra Pradesh. The draft pro forma too had queries related to nativity.
However, the final pro forma dispelled all such fears. There was nothing in it to tell people apart. There was only an optional question about the availability of birth certificate.
“Statistics hold the key for governance. Electoral rolls tell you something, Census gives you some other data. We need accurate data. Our survey is a super-hit. I am sure other States will have a look at it and emulate,” a beaming chief minister said after the survey.
There were many who refused to answer certain questions or even avoided the survey. Jana Sena President and film actor Pawan Kalyan stayed away from his Nandagiri Hills residence, indicating his unwillingness to participate in the exercise. Actress Vijayashanti too refused to take part.
And after the many days of chaos, confusion and outright indignation leading up to the survey, it was all over in minutes, said the mason Ramulu, incredulity writ large on his face.
(This article was published on August 22, 2014)
Related

Kedar or Peace and CalmTweet
There is something discomforting about finding a favourite maestro’s notes forming the background to Pilates
Delhi never disappoints with ‘heard on the street’ gems; Khan Market is particularly fertile. I was in Mercury Audio, rummaging through their impressive Hindustani music stock, when the vanilla music playing through the music system stopped and gave way to one of Ustad Vilayat Khan’s more popular dhuns. Just as I was warming up to it, the dhun was replaced by a Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia piece. After a few seconds, Pandit Shiv Kumar Sharma took over. My curiosity took me to the source of the music. Two women were requesting the changes: one had plans of buying, the other was advising. A few more options later, the adviser said, “Take the first one. It was the most soothing.”
Whatever the contest, Ustad Vilayat Khan remains unbeatable. He had a new feather to add to his titles: along with Aftaab-e-Sitar (Sun of the Sitar), he was now ‘the most soothing’. The conversation between the two ladies got better. It emerged that the buyer was looking for a CD to accompany her fitness sessions. The prude that I am (and try hard not to be), I was shocked at the thought of my favourite maestro’s notes forming a background to a Pilates class.
Perhaps I overreacted. Many contemporary Hindustani musicians would find nothing wrong with that and most music companies would be delighted at the prospect.
Like baked chips and fat-free ice cream, Hindustani music now has a healthy option: Music Therapy.
Bookstores don’t face a problem displaying the works of Deepak Chopra and his ilk. Snugly, they sit in Self Help. Music stores are yet to introduce such a shelf. The Music Therapy CDs invariably appear in Indian Classical. Rashid Khan and Veena Sahasrabuddhe are interspersed with ‘Inner Feelings’ and ‘Pure Bliss’. The proximity underscores the irony: Khan’s Bageshree or Sahasrabuddhe’s Madhmad Sarang is presumed to be less therapeutic than its curative neighbours.
A few days ago, I happened to notice an offering from Hindustani slide guitar maestro Vishwa Mohan Bhatt: ‘Music for Mental Peace’. Leaving nothing to chance, the album comes with the subtitle: ‘Advanced Music Therapy’. (It is not a new release, but I had not come across it before.)
The coupling of classical music and therapy, then, is not entirely a function of the store manager’s whim. Increasingly, Hindustani musicians (both established and not-so) are working on music therapy albums. Musicians are not immune to silliness — making inane music by just playing a bandish with drums — but something about music therapy albums is not quite harmless. When straight-up renditions of Khamaj and Kafi, with emphasised lilt, are presented as ‘Peace and Calm’ and ‘Total Relaxation’ (the actual ragas appearing as subtitles — as is the case with Bhatt’s album), the exercise raises questions. Does the nomenclature infuse healing powers into an otherwise mundane Khamaj? Therapy through music is well accepted across the world. Whatever its efficacy, it is fair to expect that some degree of rigour is exercised (beyond the time spent in naming tracks) to justify why a set of notes should constitute therapy and not music per se.
Ustad Ali Akbar Khan believed that an ailing person could recover faster if made to hear either Yaman Kalyan or Shudh Kalyan every day. Without going to that extent, it is safe to say that music — quite simply music: a song, a meend, an out-of-the-blue syncopation — is effective medicine for our afflictions. The sleeve notes of a CD don’t administer the therapy: Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan just needs to sing ‘Chand Re’, landing on the epic pancham, and the world looks brighter. How would the great ustad have felt if each of his three-minute-gems — the Kamod or the Kedar or the Jaijaiwanti — were glossed à la ‘Peace and Calm’? And for his listeners, many of them too old now to browse CD racks, would it be a cause for bewilderment or would it be an affront?
It is odd that established Hindustani musicians should think that their music in its regular course does not uplift or soothe. The need to fall under the music therapy umbrella is perhaps aligned with the need to make Indian classical music accessible. But is that goal achieved by packaging alone? Existing albums are being re-launched with new titles and new track names.
Ustad Shahid Parvez’s Shyam Kalyan now forms part of an album called ‘No Tension through Ragas’; Pandit Nikhil Banerjee’s Hemant is now ‘Relief’ in ‘Music for Relaxation’. The presumption is that a list of tracks with fluffy titles (and a promise to cure) is cause for more curiosity than a list of ragas. But curious buyers are likely to get equal therapeutic relief, not to mention a more meaningful introduction to Hindustani music, from the non-medicinal Hindustani albums, whether or not they are what the doctor ordered.
(Arunabha Deb is a Kolkata-based music writer and lawyer)
(This article was published on August 22, 2014)
Related

Fat is not always fineA BUTTERFLY BREEZE FROM MP
Fat is not always fine
Fat facts. India is among the top 10 countries where, according to a recent study, more than half of the world’s 671 million obese people live, even as it battles widespread malnutrition and food shortage. Photo: K Ramesh Babu
BUSINESS LINE Joannah
About half of all the produce and labour of the world’s farmers is thrown away or squan-dered. Isn’t it incredible that while a billion starve, we waste food enough for three billion?
We went to Europe this summer to visit friends and family, and to spread the word about our sarai to agents there. It was four years since my last visit. On earlier occasions, I would be hit by an uncomfortable culture shock when re-exposed to the naked consumerism of the West — so many items, so many shoppers. That was during the ’80s and ’90s; unfortunately, over the years Indians have also fallen prey to retailers’ shopping-makes-me-happy mantra, so now the contrast is not at all acute.
However, I was shocked by the change in restaurant food portions; these had grown, and were what I would call American-sized. As an occasional visitor, Raghu had previously drawn my attention to the fact that now people in Britain were little different in size than Americans. Earlier, he used to joke, you could always tell which of the two countries you were in by the number of corpulent individuals seen on the streets — in those days, America outweighed the UK. The contrast is not as visible anymore. Of course, a combination of factors has led to this scenario, but most agree that globalisation, the spread of fast-food chains and cheap unhealthy food are major reasons. But I’m sure those large portions have something to do with it. One is enough for two but if, like me, you have been brought up to finish everything on the plate, it is easy to overeat. Alternatively, one leaves half of it uneaten and it gets thrown away — I’ll get to the waste issue later.
Meanwhile, in case you feel this is a long way from India, where the popular image is of a large malnourished population, think again. India figures as one of the top 10 countries where, according to a recent study, more than half of the world’s 671 million obese people live. The US, China, Russia, Brazil, Mexico, Egypt, Germany, Pakistan and Indonesia are the other nine. Over the last two decades, obesity has become a global problem, and there is now what some describe as a ‘globesity epidemic’. No longer a Western phenomenon, obesity has spread to the developing countries. Of course, with India’s large population, the percentage of obesity in the population is relatively lower, nevertheless the high number should be a cause for concern — for the country, not just the individuals. Obesity is a serious and expensive public health problem, and is viewed in some countries as one of the biggest threats in terms of financial cost and societal impact. Another reason not to encourage McDonald’s and KFC!
India is also moving towards eating the ‘wrong’ foods — processed, sugar-high, ‘Western’ fare — but is also, perhaps, eating more. And the two can go together. A 2008 study suggested that junk food consumption alters brain activity in a manner similar to addictive drugs like cocaine and heroin. After many weeks with unlimited access to junk food, the pleasure centres of rat brains became desensitised, requiring more food for pleasure.
But is there really that much difference between overeating and leaving food on the plate? Both constitute unnecessary waste. And can the world afford this? Afford not in personal economic terms, but in expense to the planet. It is estimated that in developed countries as much as a third to half of all the food produced is thrown away; in developing countries, we lose similar amounts post-harvest. Put another way, this means just about half of all the produce and labour of the world’s farmers is thrown away or squandered. Is it not crazy that while a billion starve, we waste food enough to feed three billion? And this does not include the ‘wasted’ extra calories that those 671 million consume.
But the good news is that we can all quite easily help make a difference. After realising how much of an effect consuming animal products has on personal and environmental health, one researcher says: “It’s the number one thing that an average person around the world can do to reduce climate change, affect biodiversity and protect their own health: just eat less animal products and eat more plants.”
American scientist Brian Machovina calls his conservation plan 90P as he says we should aim to get a minimum of 90 per cent of our daily calories from plants instead of meat. True, India’s meat consumption per capita is relatively low but, even so, it is growing enough for some economists to blame soaring food prices on the increasing demand for meat and dairy products in China and India.
Obesity and diet are both relevant to the issue of global food security. Demand for food could double over the next 50 years: as populations increase, if the current trends continue, we’re looking at a ‘global famine’. Time to change our habits. For India, it is more a question of returning to, or remaining with, old habits rather than adopting new (but outdated) globalised ones. The West is now learning the advantages and returns (in health and reduced effects on climate change and food shortages) of eating locally grown, seasonal produce. When India already knows this, why deviate from the path? It distresses me to see India espousing misguided Western ways, when in so many fields its self-styled ‘backwardness’ is now vanguard action.
Joanna Van Gruisen is a wildlife photographer conservationist and hotelier based near the Panna Tiger Reserve in Madhya Pradesh
(This article was published on August 22, 2014)
Related

Fed ignores likelihood of weaker growthSeptember 1, 2014 6:05 am
Fed ignores likelihood of weaker growth
By David Kelly
US GDP expansion likely to average 2% a year in future
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dcfe4946-2e99-11e4-bffa-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India to sign free trade pact on services  investment with ASEAN soonCommerce Secretary says relevant documents to be signed are with New Delhi
September 3, 2014:  
India will soon sign the India-ASEAN Free Trade Agreement (FTA) in services and investments as it has received the relevant documents, Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher has said.
New Delhi could not sign the two agreements, one on services and the other on investments, in Myanmar last week as Commerce & Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman could not attend the India-ASEAN Economic Ministers meeting due to other engagements.
“Unfortunately because the Minister had compelling engagements here, she could not attend the Ministerial meeting last week but we now have received the agreements on services and investments and the Minister would shortly sign them,” Kher said at an event organised by the Research and Information System for Developing Countries.
The pacts are now being signed through the circulation method in which countries sign the documents one by one.
While the details of the services and investment pacts were sealed in March this year, the agreements have to be signed by the Economic Ministers of all countries before they are formally adopted.
The formal adoption is likely to be during the next India-ASEAN summit later this year. All ASEAN members, which include Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam, are expected to get the pacts ratified by their Parliaments by that time.
India and ASEAN have already implemented an FTA in goods. FTA in services and investments seeks to boost cross-border investment and facilitate movement of professionals between India and the ten-member bloc.
(This article was published on September 3, 2014)
Related

Samsung showcases largest curved UHD TV  105-inch bendable TV and Galaxy Tab ActiveSamsung also launched a curved sound bar to go with the curved screens. (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Berlin | Posted: September 4, 2014 3:44 pm | Updated: September 4, 2014 3:50 pm
Samsung on Thursday showcased its new range of ultra HD televisions, including the largest curved television in the world at 105 inches. The company also showed the world a new bendable television, again at 105 inches. This model can become flat as well a bend when you are in the mood to watch a movie.
Samsung Galaxy Tab Active is aimed at the enterprise market. (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
The company also launched a curved sound bar to go with the curved screens, which the company claims is becoming popular faster than it expected. Half of all the UHD televisions it sells in Europe are now curved, the company claimed.
The company will also focus on brining Ultra HD content to television with tie ups with content partners and service providers like Netflix.
Samsung also launched a new tablet, the Galaxy Tab Active, aimed at the enterprise market. The device will hit production soon.

JP Associates stock closes 17.60 per cent lowerJP Associates stock closes 17.60 per cent lower as JP Infra sells 1.3 cr shares
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 4, 2014  | 17:12 IST
Shares of Jaiprakash Associates on Thursday slumped by as much as 20 per cent in morning trade on the bourses after promoter entity Jaypee Infra Ventures sold 1.3 crore shares in the company.
As per data available on the stock exchanges, Jaypee Infra Ventures sold 1,34,89,693 shares of Jaiprakash Associates for Rs 62.40 crore through open market sale route.
Pursuant to this, shares of Jaiprakash Associates plunged as much as 20 per cent to touch an intra-day low of Rs 36.80 on the BSE. After recovering part of the losses, the stock later closed 17.60 per cent lower on the BSE.
Similar movement was seen on the National Stock Exchange as well where the stock opened at Rs 45, then fell nearly 20 per cent to an intra-day low of Rs 36.80. It later closed 17 per cent lower at Rs 37.75 on the NSE.
Market experts attributed the fall in the counter to the bulk sale by Jaypee Infra.

Ukraine s NATO ambitions threaten peace talks: RussiaU.S. President Barack Obama is seated with Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko as they meet with other countries regarding Ukraine at the NATO summit at Celtic Manor in Newport, Wales, Thursday, Sept. 4, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Moscow | Posted: September 4, 2014 5:31 pm
Russia’s foreign minister warned Thursday that Ukraine’s NATO ambitions are threatening to derail peace talks in eastern Ukraine. Undeterred, Ukraine’s president began a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama and other top NATO leaders in Wales.
Russia and Ukraine said Wednesday they are working on a deal to halt months of fighting in eastern Ukraine. Russian President Vladimir Putin spelled out a seven-point plan for ending hostilities and expressed hope for a breakthrough at talks in Minsk, Belarus, on Friday.
But Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said in televised remarks Thursday that statements by senior government officials in Kiev that Ukraine will be seeking to join NATO are “a blatant attempt to derail all the efforts” to seek a peaceful solution in Ukraine.
NATO leaders are meeting this week for a summit at a golf resort in southern Wales. Before official proceedings began, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko attended a meeting with Obama and leaders of four major European powers in the alliance: British Prime Minister David Cameron, French President Francois Hollande, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi
Poroshenko was to meet later in the day with heads of state and government from all 28 NATO member states. NATO officials have made clear that membership for Ukraine isn’t in the cards anytime soon, but the alliance is expected to express solid support for Poroshenko’s government and announce an increase in nonlethal aid for Ukraine’s military.
On Thursday morning, NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen accused the Russians of continued meddling in Ukraine despite Putin’s proclamation of a peace plan.
“What counts is what is actually happening on the ground,” Rasmussen said. “And we are still witnessing, unfortunately, Russian involvement in destabilizing the situation in eastern Ukraine. So we continue to call on Russia to pull back its troops from Ukrainian borders, stop the flow of weapons and fighters into Ukraine, stop the support for armed militants in Ukraine and engage in a constructive political process. That would be a genuine effort to facilitate a peaceful solution to the crisis in Ukraine.”
Pro-Russian separatists have been fighting government troops in eastern Ukraine since mid-April in a conflict that the U.N. estimates has killed nearly 2,600 people.
Rebels have made substantial advances against Ukrainian forces over the past two weeks, including opening a new front along the coast of the Sea of Azov. That offensive has raised concern that the rebels are aiming to take control of Mariupol, a major port city of about half a million people, and secure a land corridor between Russia and the Crimean continued…

Bilfinger: losing power© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/ab5017f8-343e-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt hikes DA by 7%; takes steps towards green regulatorSep 04, 2014, 09.01 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Govt hikes DA by 7%; takes steps towards green regulator
The Cabinet has constituted a 4-member panel which will submit its recommendation over the setting up of an environment regulator.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt hikes DA by 7%; takes steps towards green regulator
The Cabinet has constituted a 4-member panel which will submit its recommendation over the setting up of an environment regulator.
Post your opinion here
08:00 pm
The Cabinet has taken the first step towards setting up a green regulator. It has constituted a 4-member panel which will submit its recommendation over the setting up of an environment regulator. The government has also hiked the dearness allowance for central government employees by 7 percent.
Addressing the media, post the CCEA meeting, Law and Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said: “There are talks that a regulator will be appointed in the Department of Environment & Forest. A committee comprising 4 ministers has been appointed. Their suggestions will be taken into account.”
On dearness allowance hike, he said: “All employees of the central government who were entitled to an additional installment of the dearness allowance w.e.f. July 1, 2014 will receive their money soon. A prescribed rate has been approved for the same.” 
RELATED NEWS

Regulators always live in interesting timesJamal Mecklai |  Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 09:49 PM IST
Jamal Mecklai: Regulators always live in interesting times
Regulators are much more proactive. If there is any whisper of excessive position-taking, there are questions
I visited one of the deputy governors at the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) a couple of weeks ago and discussed, amongst other things, my continuing obsession with the fact that volatility is so low in markets everywhere.
He pointed out that, since the financial crisis, regulators are active everywhere. Not only have banks been slapped with huge fines - although, to my surprise, there have been no prison sentences - but capital requirements been cranked up substantially - and appropriately, I might add. As importantly, regulators are much more proactive. If there is any whisper of excessive position-taking, there are questions.
All this is leading to a narrowing of volatility and, of course, a fall in spreads and liquidity. The old paradigm - that markets need plenty of speculation which creates liquidity which results in better risk management and finer prices for the real economy - appears to be broken. A new paradigm is forming around the age-old idea that finance is supposed to be a service industry, not the main course.
Now, it's conceivable - indeed, likely - that regulators may be over-correcting, but that is the nature of metronomic change. We need to find a better balance between the free-for-all that prevailed since 1980 (and that ended in tears in 2007), and the quiet market that appeared to provide reasonable support to the global economy before then.
Clearly, financial services will no longer be the job opportunity of the forever future - already, only five per cent of Harvard Business School graduates are going to Wall Street as compared to the 20+ per cent that moth-like headed there in the early 2000s.
Just as clearly, "free" markets will no longer play the oversized role they did over the past few decades. The last cycle ran for around 30 years - from a bit before 1980 to around 2008; and there's really no telling how long the next one will run. Kondratieff cycles, that define independent paradigms, can run for up to 70 years. We are just five or six years into the new cycle, and regulators and market players are just coming to grips with the fact that it is a new world. Regulators will, contrary to earlier years, prefer to err on the side of caution, at least until some sort of steady rhythm returns to markets. Historically low volatility is decidedly not a steady rhythm, so it is unsurprising that we remain - from a new paradigm standpoint, at least - in a holding pattern.
In the immediate term, global growth remains mired in a continuing post-recession hangover. While the US is definitely recovering, Europe, Japan and, now, China are all going through another wave of what some fear could be a multi-year slowdown. Thus, even if the US pulls up very strong, it is unlikely that global growth will climb back to the heady levels of 2005-06 for some more time - almost certainly another five, perhaps even another 10, years.
Correspondingly, interest rates, while sure to rise from current levels, will also stay subdued. The five-year swap rate (against three-month Libor) today is 1.79 per cent; Libor will need to rise to nearly 3.5 per cent five years out for the carry to be overtaken. This looks difficult given the multiple clouds on the growth environment. Of course, the other driver of interest rates - inflation - could come back to life through some unknown - thank you, Donald Rumsfeld - shock. However, while it is certainly prudent to protect against interest rate risk, in the current situation I don't think I would hedge much more than 25 per cent of Libor risk at these prices.
The real conundrum, however, is when - and how - regulators will start to change their posture as the new paradigm evolves. Market fundamentalists, even though weakened, will continue to push for reversion to the earlier status quo; equally, the many-times-burned regulatory framework will push back wanting more and more control. The trick is to find regulators who have both a fingertip understanding of how markets work and are not parochial about markets.
In that context, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan's efforts to induct a new chief operating officer and diversify the recruitment process at RBI reflect are good ideas that should be supported. Of course, our regulatory situation needs even trickier management. On the one hand, there are areas - for example, public sector bank governance - that need substantial tightening; good thing the P J Nayak Committee Report provides such an excellent road map. Contrariwise, on the market side, we need considerable loosening - permitting smaller companies to use simple FX structured products, for instance. Again, both the government and RBI are committed to a big push toward financial inclusion, which will require greater openness in increasing access to markets to a wider array of financial intermediaries.
Any way you slice it, there's interesting times ahead.

If gold rallies to $1 285-90/oz  sellIf gold rallies to $1,285-90/oz, sell
Gnanasekaar T
Prices may get capped in $1,275-85 and decline
September 4, 2014:  
Comex gold futures were lower on Thursday after the ECB meeting sprung a surprise by cutting already ultra-low interest rates to prop up a struggling economy. Faced with signs of further deterioration in the euro zone’s prospects, the central bank cut all interest rates by another 10 basis points to new record lows, putting its deposit rate further into negative territory. US non-farm payrolls data due on Friday is expected to give further clues about the world’s largest economy and the timing of the Federal Reserve’s move to raise interest rates. A string of encouraging US economic data, along with a sell-off in the euro and the yen, has boosted the dollar over the past few sessions and raised some speculation that the first rate hike could come earlier than expected. Higher interest rates would hurt the attractiveness of zero yield physical assets such as gold.
Comex gold futures have fallen in line with our expectations. As mentioned in the previous update, we expected prices to test resistances in the $1,305-10 range and then decline. Gold futures have been moving in a choppy range with a bearish bias lately. A fall below the $1,263-65 zone has opened the downside for gold futures now towards $1,240-45 levels initially, where it can find some support in the near-term. We feel prices could eventually break lower and head towards recent lows at $1,180 levels. Resistances will now be seen at $1,280 followed by $1,295-1,300 levels. Only a close above $1,320 could cause doubts on our bearish view. Such a rise could take prices towards $1,337-40 again, which we do not favour currently. Favoured view still expects prices to get capped in the $1,275-85 range and decline.
We will now go with the alternative wave counts that we have considered broadly in our earlier updates. From the peak of $1,920 a corrective decline in the form of “A-B-C” is already over at $1,181 and a new impulse has begun. Confirmation of such an impulse will be seen above $1,445. Fall below $1,250 could now force us to abandon this scenario and look at a bearish one targeting $1,050. RSI is in the neutral zone now indicating that it is neither overbought nor oversold. The averages in MACD are below the zero line of the indicator indicating a bearish reversal. Only a cross over again above the zero line could hint at a possible bullish reversal again.
Therefore, look to sell gold on rallies to $1,285-90 zone with a stop loss at $1,307 targeting $1,245 and 1,200. Supports are at $1,255, 1,240 and 1,180. Resistances are at $1,285, 1,298 and 1,327.
(The author is the Director of Commtrendz Research. There is a risk of loss in trading).
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Lego closes in on Mattel as hit movie boosts salesLego closes in on Mattel as hit movie boosts sales
Lego becomes the world's largest toy maker
There's a new champion in the world of toys, Lego has taken over as the world's largest toy maker.
There's a new champion in the world of toys, Lego has taken over as the world's largest toy maker.
By Katarina Gustafsson, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
Mattel Inc. Star Wars (movie) Hasbro Inc.
STOCKHOLM — Lego expanded revenue in the first half, bridging the gap with toy industry market leader Mattel as consumers flocked to pick up play sets from box office hit "The Lego Movie."
Sales rose 11 percent in kroner to the equivalent of $2 billion at the Billund, Denmark-based maker of plastic bricks, matching those of Barbie-maker Mattel, which reported a 7 percent decline in the same period.
A 7-year-old girl wrote a letter to Lego in January urging the toy company to make play sets featuring female figures with jobs instead of only girls hanging at the beach with their friends. ( Ellen Jean Hirst )
The results pit the two largest toy companies against each other going into the all-important holiday shopping season, when El Segundo, California-based Mattel makes a greater proportion of annual sales. Lego is pushing out Star Wars-branded sets and its own Movie, City and Creator products to gain revenue, while Mattel saw declining demand for lines ranging from Barbie to Fisher-Price.
"Surely the shot in the arm has come from the phenomenal success of The Lego Movie," said Robert Porter, an analyst at researcher Euromonitor. "Not only did the movie gross around $500 million worldwide, it has also been pivotal in promoting new and existing product lines."
8
Lego, which gets 60 percent of total sales from new products annually, said "The Lego Movie," which opened in theaters earlier this year, was a significant contributor to revenue growth.
Products including the toymaker's Star Wars building sets and its traditional City line, which features firefighters and police, also continued to contribute to very strong growth globally, Lego said. Net income rose 14 percent to 2.7 billion kroner ($477 million).
"Our geographic growth was very evenly spread," Chief Financial Officer John Goodwin said in a telephone interview. "We had double-digit growth across all three regions: America, Europe and Asia."
The Danish company controls about 65 percent of the construction toy market, according to Euromonitor, which estimates the market will grow to about $12.8 billion by 2018 from $8.3 billion last year. Mega Brands, which was bought this year by Mattel, is number two with a 5.3 percent stake.
Lego last year overtook Pawtucket, Rhode Island-based Hasbro to become the world's No. 2 toymaker in terms of sales.
0
Revenue in the first half of 2014 more than tripled compared with six years ago, Chief Executive Officer Joergen Vig Knudstorp said in the statement.
The Danish toymaker, which gets most of its sales in the last two months of the year, is now gearing up for Christmas.
"Meeting the demand of our retailers and our consumers is very important for us," Goodwin said on the phone. "We don't want to have any disappointed kids during the holiday period."
The company this year started building a new factory in China in order to increase flexibility by being closer to core markets. Consumer sales in the country rose by more than 50 percent in the first half, Lego said Thursday.
"It's important to get the Goldilocks effect, to get it just right and that's what we're focusing on," Goodwin said.
Lego, whose name is derived from the Danish words for "play well," is controlled by the family of carpenter Ole Kirk Kristiansen, who founded the business in 1932. His grandson Kjeld Kirk Kristiansen, 66, is Denmark's richest man with a net worth of $7.2 billion, according to Bloomberg rankings.
 

TalkTalk: mass appeal© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/eb57a866-343e-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Regulators under fire over HBOS reportSeptember 4, 2014 9:31 pm
Senior MP hits out at regulators over HBOS report
By Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b357910e-3459-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ICE looks to crack financial data marketSeptember 5, 2014 12:09 am
ICE looks to crack financial data market
By Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7db9b072-3481-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asian markets mixed; Shanghai gains  Straits Times fallsSep 05, 2014, 08.09 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Asian markets mixed; Shanghai gains, Straits Times falls
Japan's Nikkei 225 Average advanced 31.43 points or 0.20 percent to 15,707.61 whereas Singapore's Straits Times declined 19 points or 0.57 percent to 3,327.34.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Asian markets mixed; Shanghai gains, Straits Times falls
Japan's Nikkei 225 Average advanced 31.43 points or 0.20 percent to 15,707.61 whereas Singapore's Straits Times declined 19 points or 0.57 percent to 3,327.34.
Post your opinion here
 
Asian stocks were mixed on Friday following the European Central Bank's surprise rate cut overnight and amid caution ahead of a key US jobs report.
European Central Bank (ECB) chief Mario Draghi caught markets off guard on Thursday by cutting interest rates to a record low of 0.05 percent and the overnight rate to negative 0.2 percent, further penalizing banks for parking money at the central bank. The ECB also said it would launch a program next month to buy asset-backed securities.
Attention now turns to the US August nonfarm payrolls report due later on Friday. Analysts polled by Reuters expect a figure of around 225,000 nonfarm payrolls following July's gain of 209,000 jobs. The unemployment rate is seen dropping to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
Investors are also watching peace talks between Ukraine's president and pro-Russian rebels on Friday. The separatists have said they are willing to sign a truce agreement if a political solution can be found for their region.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 47.42 points or 0.19 percent to 25,250.50 while China's Shanghai Composite was up 7.07 points or 0.31 percent at 2,313.93, at 07:55 hours IST.
Japan's Nikkei 225 Average advanced 31.43 points or 0.20 percent to 15,707.61 whereas Singapore's Straits Times declined 19 points or 0.57 percent to 3,327.34.
South Korea's Seoul Composite was down 8.21 points or 0.40 percent to 2,048.05 and Taiwan Weighted lost 31.66 points or 0.34 percent to 9,397.23.
(With inputs from cnbc.com)

Employees  Pension Scheme notified  beneficiaries cappedApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Tony Abbott receives guard of honour at Rashtrapati BhavanNew Delhi, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 5, 2014 12:06 IST
Tony Abbott receives guard of honour at Rashtrapati Bhavan
PTI
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi welcoming Tony Abbott, during a ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan in New Delhi on Friday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
India-Australia
Prime Minister Narendra Modi welcomed him at a ceremonial reception.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott was given a ceremonial reception in the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi this morning ahead of his crucial meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Mr. Abbott, who arrived in New Delhi last evening after stopping over in Mumbai for a function, will be calling on President Pranab Mukherjee and Vice President Hamid Ansari also.
Mr. Abbott was accorded a ceremonial guard of honour at the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan. He was received by Modi at the lawns of Presidential house.
A spectacular official welcome to India by Prime Minister @narendramodi pic.twitter.com/M57eI9b5ss
— Tony Abbott (@TonyAbbottMHR) September 5, 2014
He arrived from Mumbai last evening and he was received by Minister of State (Independent charge) for Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy Piyush Goyal.
In Mumbai, the Australian Prime Minister told business leaders that the purpose of his trip was “to acknowledge the importance of India in the wider world and acknowledge the importance of India to Australia’s future“.
He also announced a scheme to boost the numbers of Australians studying in India and met Indian cricketing great Sachin Tendulkar ahead of Australia’s hosting of the World Cup next year.

Live from Motorola s new Moto G  Moto X  Moto 360 India launch eventA day before its launch, iPhone 6 cases go on sale in India Yesterday
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Dont see a lasting correction on D-Street: Nomura100 days of the Modi government
("The Indian central bank…)
In a chat with ET Now, Prabhat Awasthi, Head of Equity & MD, India, Nomura Financial Advisories & Securities Pvt Ltd, shares his views on the 100 days of the Modi government as well as the market. Excerpts:
ET Now: The big fear for the market is not local, but global, because for the longest time globally, we have not seen any sizeable correction and global volatility is at a multiyear low. So if anything backfires either in the US or in Europe, could it usher in a big correction?
Prabhat Awasthi: I think some correction would happen. It is not out of question, because the markets have done well and people are overweight India in general. Besides, in equity markets across the globe, there has been a lot of bullishness. So a stumble is quite possible.
The taper was a big fear earlier and the reason for monetary accommodation to wear off in the US will be that growth has picked up there. So rates are not going up because of high inflation, but because growth has been picking up. To that extent, you will not see a lasting correction.
Secondly, India's fundamentals are much better, because our current account deficit is much more manageable. Now, capital withdrawal as a result of taper is far more relevant to an economy which has a large current account deficit and that is no longer the case with India.
Our forex reserves have gone up quite strongly. The Indian central bank has a much higher credibility today and that also gives comfort to the markets. Moreover, we have a much more stable government in place. So in India's case, there could be a correction for sure, but there will not be a lasting correction.
ET Now: To your mind, when and how soon will the investment cycle pick up?
Prabhat Awasthi: You are right that a large ticket recovery is going to take time, because it is a process. An investment cycle is always slow moving. You can get that investment cycle going by creating demand. The government does not have money to create that demand.
So it could come from a reform process. For instance, if the government starts to privatise the Railways, it will be a new source of demand.
Also, if the government undertakes a large ticket road programme, or if it sorts out the coal mess and starts to privatise mining on a big fashion, it will lead to new reforms. Therefore, it can add to the investment cycle going forward.
Secondly, though the investment demand in the short term does not look very positive, we have actually come from a very large base to a very one now in terms of just that process.
Hence, a small uptick in itself will be positive. You cannot ignore the fact that cement demand has picked up very strongly and commercial vehicle demand has rebounded.
So some stability has come into the system. It may be at a lower base, but there is clearly some stability in the overall spends that has come about in the economy.
  ET Now: What about flows, because for the moment, it appears that we are in a sweet spot, the average domestic retail investor is back and foreign flows have been strong?
Prabhat Awasthi: Foreigners have usually not taken out money except in 2008 and even there, the number was not that big and it was largely arbitrage outflows and related outflows.
So the foreigners have typically been the buyers of the market through thick and thin, with very few exceptions and if the overall construct of the economy remains positive, then those flows will remain supportive.
With domestic investors, it is another story. So given the high interest rates in India and the high inflation, there was a logic for them to move away from financial savings.
But if the government's fiscal commitment remains high, the domestic savings allocation will move towards financial assets and, in turn, more towards equities.
We are seeing a beginning of that. It will not be a very quick process, because interest rates in the system are very high still. May be in one or two years, these numbers will get stronger. So flows definitely will be on the positive side.
ET Now: At the current juncture, what kind of portfolio construct are you recommending to your clients? Is there a problem of plenty, because just about everything is moving up?
Prabhat Awasthi: It is a problem of plenty in terms of delivery, but if you start combining valuations with that, at the end of the day, the first and most important call is that the markets have a bit of steam left. Growth is recovering. So we can take a positive call on market.
Within that we have to see where the valuation comforts are larger, with respect to the fundamentals. For example, it is true that even consumer companies are growing, but their valuations are too expensive with respect to the kind of growth that they are exhibiting and with respect to opportunity costs in the marketplace.
So at this point in time, it is safer to say that the domestic market opportunities, given the valuations and given the cyclicality or given where we are in the cycle, are probably better. Thus, we like the financials, autos, over-weighted capital goods.
Among defensives, we have been underweight consumers for a very long time. We were underweight pharma about three or four months ago and we continue to hold that view in terms of valuation perspective, because while growth delivery is very strong, the fact is that the valuations are also not cheap.
Thirdly, we remain bullish on IT because while it is a defensive, the valuations are still not very expensive with respect to growth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian JSW interested in buying Italy s Ilva steel plant-sourcesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Silicon Valley builds up in Microsoft corp s backyardApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Flood situation grim in J&KUpdated: September 6, 2014 04:26 IST
Floods worsen in Kashmir, toll 72
Zahid Rafiq
REUTERS Women and children being transported in a boat through a flooded road to a safer place during incessant rains in Srinagar.
TOPICS
flood
The Army and NDRF have been called in to assist the administration in relief and rescue efforts
Thousands of people abandoned their homes and fled to safety as floods, described as the worst in six decades, worsened in the Kashmir Valley on Friday.
Authorities said water had entered the second floor of several houses on the outskirts of Srinagar, while the death toll State-wide had risen to 72 from 64 on Thursday. More than 120 villages in the State have been affected.
The Jhelum river was flowing above the danger mark. The police said the worst hit was south Kashmir, where hundreds of structures have been washed away.
“South Kashmir has been hit badly, and our Inspector-General is personally trying to take rescue teams to the area which has become inaccessible,” Deputy Inspector-General of Police Ahfad-ul-Mujtaba told The Hindu.
The Army, the police and six companies of the National Disaster Rescue Force carried out rescue operations across the Valley. The police rescued 400 people in Shopian alone.
“We are working hard, but there are limitations when faced with a natural calamity of this extent. We have been working round the clock since the floods began and we are trying to save all lives and reach everywhere,” Mr. Mujtaba said.
“If we survive the floods, I will sell this place and shift somewhere else,” said Mushtaq Ahmad of Natipora.
By revenue records, the area where Mr. Ahmad’s house stands is a designated agriculture land. Many believe that illegal construction on agricultural lands and river banks is adding to the destruction.
The situation in Srinagar, however, has stabilised.

Motorola launches the new Moto G  new Moto X smartphones and Moto 360 smartwatch in IndiaUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: At simultaneous events in Chicago and New Delhi, Motorola which had made a successful comeback to the Indian market in partnership with online retailer Flipkart has announced its a new range of successors to its hot-selling phones - the Moto G and the Moto X.
The 2nd generation Moto G comes with a larger 5-inch 720p display with stereo speakers on the front and is powered by a 1.2GHz quad-core processor coupled with 1GB of RAM.
The new Moto G is packed with an 8MP rear shooter and a 2MP front camera. The new Moto G supports a microSD card for additional storage, and has a water-resistant coating.
The 2nd generation Moto X and Moto 360 will be coming to India later this month and the 2nd generation Moto G will be available from today at Rs 12,999 via Flipkart.
It is only the dual-SIM variant of the Moto G that will be available in the Indian market.
The company also unveiled the 2nd generation Moto X with a 5.2-inch 1080p display and a curved back encased in a metal frame. The specifications of the new Moto X include a 2.5GHz quad-core processor, 2GB RAM and water-resistant coating. Moto Voice in the Moto X accepts new voice commands and lets users control their favourite apps with voice commands.
The phone has a 13 megapixel rear camera with dual LED ring flash and a 2 megapixel front-facing camera.
Motorola also announced that the much-awaited Moto 360 smartwatch running on Android wear will also be available in the Indian market. The Moto 360 supports wireless charging amd Motorola says the smartwatch can run a day on a single charge.
The new Moto X and Moto 360 will be coming to India later this month and the new Moto G will be available from today at Rs 12,999 via Flipkart.
Moto X specifications

Den Networks up 5%  signs JV to set up television channelSep 05, 2014, 01.32 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Den Networks up 5%, signs JV to set up television channel
The company has entered into a 50:50 joint venture agreement with Jasper Infotech Private Limited, for setting up a television channel, said the cable TV distribution company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Den Networks up 5%, signs JV to set up television channel
The company has entered into a 50:50 joint venture agreement with Jasper Infotech Private Limited, for setting up a television channel, said the cable TV distribution company.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Den Networks gained as much as 4.6 percent intraday Friday on signing a joint venture agreement for setting up television channel.
The company has entered into a 50:50 joint venture agreement with Jasper Infotech Private Limited, for setting up a television channel, said the cable TV distribution company.
This channel will be used as a market place platform for facilitating the sale of branded and unbranded merchandise and services, including vouchers offered by third party sellers subject to necessary approvals, it added.
Jasper Infotech owns and operates the digital commerce platform, snapdeal.com.
Den provides cable TV distribution services in over 200 cities across 13 key states in India, which are Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Haryana, Kerala, West Bengal, Jharkhand, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh and Uttarakhand.
At 13:08 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 167.35, up Rs 4.85, or 2.98 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

United Spirits board orders probe into loans to UB Group companiesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
United Spirits board orders probe into loans to UB Group companies
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
The board of United Spirits Ltd, now controlled by Diageo, has ordered a probe into the loans given by United Spirits to UB Group companies as it posted a net loss of Rs 4,488.77 crore for the financial year ended March 31, 2014.
The company had reported a net loss of Rs 105.03 crore in the fiscal ended March 31, 2013.
USL made provisions of Rs 1,012.75 crore in the year ended March 31, 2014, on account of ‘doubtful loans’ and exceptional item of Rs 3,235.73 crore on the sale of Scottish subsidiary Whyte and Mackay.
While ordering the probe for a “detailed and expeditious enquiry on doubtful loans”, the company said: “The board has directed the Managing Director to engage independent advisors and specialists as required for the enquiry.
“Certain pre-existing loans/ deposits/ advances due to the company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries from United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd, which were in existence as on March 31, 2013, have been taken into consideration in the consolidated annual accounts of the company drawn up as of that date.”
Pursuant to a previous resolution passed by the board on October 11, 2012, such dues (together with interest) aggregating to Rs 1,337.40 crore were consolidated and recorded as an unsecured loan by way of an agreement between the company and UBHL,” the company said.
For the quarter ended March 31, 2014, the company reported standalone net sales of Rs 1,916.95 as against Rs 1,866.18 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
For the quarter ended March 31, 2014, USL’s standalone net loss stood at Rs 5,380.10 crore as against net profit of Rs 56.02 crore.
The probe comes after UB Group Chairman Vijay Mallya was declared a wilful defaulter by State-owned United Bank of India.
However, Mallya disagreed with the action of the lender and said he would pursue legal action.
“We were not given a hearing, we have not appeared before them, we disagree with their action and we shall pursue legal action,” Mallya told presspersons after the annual general meeting of United Breweries yesterday.
The world’s largest spirits maker Diageo Plc announced on November 9, 2012, that it will acquire 53.4 per cent stake in United Spirits for Rs 11,166.5 crore in a multi-structured deal.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Wipro wins IT services contract from Philip MorrisHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Wipro wins IT services contract from Philip Morris
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
IT services major Wipro today said that it has secured a five-year infrastructure management contract from Philip Morris International (PMI), which owns cigarette brands like Marlboro.
Financial details of the contract were not disclosed.
As part of the five-year agreement, Wipro will provide a full suite of IT infrastructure management services to PMI, Wipro said in a statement.
The IT infrastructure services will support a host of functions at PMI, including management and support of its servers, storage, backup and applications infrastructure, it added.
Wipro’s ServiceNXT Operations framework will be utilised to manage PMI’s technology and applications infrastructure, the Bangalore-based firm said.
PMI’s products are sold in more than 180 markets. In 2013, the company held an estimated 15.7 per cent share of the total international cigarette market outside of the US or 28.3 per cent excluding the People’s Republic of China and the US.
“With Wipro supporting our technology and application infrastructure, we look forward to strengthening efficiencies, managing costs and being better able to serve and support our workforce around the world,” PMI Senior VP and CIO Patrick Brunel said.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Abbott and Modi to sign uranium dealLast updated: September 5, 2014 4:57 pm
Australia’s Abbott strikes uranium export deal with India’s Modi
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/894aa7cc-34c0-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex volatile  midcaps outperform; NMDC & DLF gain 4%Sep 05, 2014, 03.45 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty end lower; HDFC, Hero, BHEL major losers
Hero MotoCorp, HDFC, Coal India, BHEL and ICICI bank are top losers in the Sensex. Among the gainers are L&T, Bajaj Auto, SBI, Cipla and ONGC.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty end lower; HDFC, Hero, BHEL major losers
Hero MotoCorp, HDFC, Coal India, BHEL and ICICI bank are top losers in the Sensex. Among the gainers are L&T, Bajaj Auto, SBI, Cipla and ONGC.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 Market close
The market has once against ended lower. The Sensex was down 70.51 points at 27015.42 and the Nifty slipped 11.85 points at 8084.10. About 1689 shares have advanced, 1280 shares declined, and 118 shares are unchanged.
Hero MotoCorp, HDFC, Coal India, BHEL and ICICI bank are top losers in the Sensex. Among the gainers are L&T, Bajaj Auto, SBI, Cipla and ONGC.
03:00pm Info Edge QIP
The QIP committee of the company on Thursday has approved the preliminary placement document in connection with the QIP and decided to open the QIP issue on September 04.
"Accordingly the floor price in respect of the aforesaid QIP, based on the pricing formula as prescribed in under SEBI regulations, is Rs 766.89 per equity share," said the company in its filing. The stock gained more than 4.5 percent.
02:45pm JSW Steel in News
Shares of JSW Steel gained more than 2 percent on strong improvement in steel production in the month gone by. OP Jindal Group company has reported a 13 percent growth in crude steel production at 11.16 lakh tonnes, increased from 9.85 lakh tonnes in the year-ago period.
"Flat steel products grew by 7 percent to 8.8 lakh tonnes from 8.24 million tonnes and long steel products' growth was a whopping 53 percent in August at 1.96 lakh tonnes compared to 1.28 lakh tonnes in corresponding month of last year," said the company in its filing.
02:25pm Jaypee-RPower exclusivity pact likely to be extended
The exclusivity period of the pact for Reliance Power's proposed acquisition of Jaiprakash Associates' hydro power portfolio in a Rs 12,000 crore deal is likely to be extended by 60 days.
In one of the biggest deals in the power space, Anil Ambani Group firm Reliance Power in July announced that it had signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of Jaiprakash Associates Ltd. The deal would be worth about Rs 12,000 crore.
Investment banking sources said the exclusivity period of the agreed Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the proposed deal is likely to be extended by 60 days.
The MoU between RPower and Jaypee Group was signed on July 27 and the exclusivity period was to end on September 25, reports PTI.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks remained under selling pressure amid consolidation in afternoon trade weighed down by private banks and auto stocks. The Sensex declined 47.40 points to 27038.53 and the Nifty fell 9.15 points to 8086.80.
The broader markets outperformed benchmarks with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rising 0.7 percent and 1.1 percent, respectively. Advancing shares beat declining ones by a ratio of 1597 to 1239 on the BSE.
Sachin Shah, Fund Manager at Emkay Investment Managers believes the undertone for the market continues to remain buoyant on the back of good foreign insitutional investor (FII) flows and net buying from domestic mutuals funds.
There have been some positive signs on the macro front too like oil remaining subdued, some good quarterly results and government making right noises, which would keep up the buoyancy, says Shah.
State-run iron ore miner NMDC and realty major DLF topped the buying list in Nifty 50, up more than 4 percent followed by Jindal Steel, Asian Paints, ONGC, L&T and Bajaj Auto with 1-3 percent.
However, United Spirits dropped over 3 percent as Credit Suisse reduced its target price on the stock to Rs 2200 from Rs 2700 earlier and lowerd FY15-16 earnins per share estimates by 30-50 percent.
Shares of HDFC, Coal India, BHEL, NTPC, ICICI Bank, Tata Motors, Sun Pharma, Bharti Airtel, Hero Motocorp and Tata Power declined 1-2 percent.
13:00

Agriculture education goes onlineWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Agri-Commodities

SBI Mutual Fund aims to raise Rs 1 000 crSBI Mutual Fund aims to raise Rs 1,000 cr
Suresh P Iyengar
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
SBI Mutual Fund targets to raise Rs 1,000 crore through its three-year close ended new equity fund offer.
The SBI Equity Opportunities Fund - Series I will be open for subscription between September 11 and 25. The fund, which would have about 40 stocks under its portfolio, in normal circumstances will invest 80 to 100 per cent of the total assets in equity and equity-related instruments and 20 per cent in debt and money market.
Dinesh Khara, Managing Director, SBI Mutual Fund, said the fund house would aim to garner 50-60 per cent of the fund-raising from beyond top 15 cities.
"We added many new branches since start of this year and hope to attract a number of first time investors through these centres," he said.
SBI Mutual Fund last launched a pure play close ended equity scheme in 2010.
The close ended nature of the scheme allows the fund manager far more flexilbility to create a long-term portfolio with ability to tap the potential opportunities from structural trends such as home improvement, e-commerce, import substitution, manufacturing exports, defence and education, Khara said.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Street @ 3 | Staff of IPO-ready cos make a killing on unlisted sharesMarkets rangebound, Nifty below 8,100 levels
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 5, 2014, 03.08PM IST
Tags:
BHEL
(The S&P BSE Sensex also plunged…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index pared most its gains and was trading below its crucial psychological level of 8,100 in trade on Friday, led by losses United Spirits , Coal India, BHEL, HDFC and BPCL
Tracking the momentum, the S&P BSE Sensex also plunged over 100 points to trade below 27,000 levels, led by decline in power, metal, healthcare and FMCG stocks.
At 3:07 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,032.78, down 53.15 points or 0.20 per cent. It touched a day high of 27,178.80 and a low of 26,920.56 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,085.40 down 10.55 points or 0.13 per cent. It touched an intraday high of 8,122.70 and a low of 8,049.85.
ONGC (up 0.78 per cent), GAIL (up 0.78 per cent), Hindalco (up 0.38 per cent), Bajaj Auto (up 0.36 per cent) and L&T (up 0.67 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
HDFC (down 1.90 per cent), Coal India (down 2.49 per cent), Bharti Airtel (down 1.32 per cent), and BHEL (down 2 per cent), were the major index losers.
"The undertone still remains positive however going forward any dip in Nifty is likely to result in considerable correction in many individual stocks which have jumped sharply since last month," LKP said in a report.
"Nifty's resistance remains at 8150-8180 level whereas supports continue to be placed at 7980-8000 level," added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Live: PM Modi to address nation on Teachers  Day'Taskmaster' PM Modi plays the role of headmaster
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 14:57 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:57 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi turned teacher for a day on Friday, chatting with an auditorium full of schoolchildren and teachers, sharing his vision of education and, through it, nation building, and making them smile with anecdotes from his childhood.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union minister Smriti Irani at the informal interation with teachers. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @PMOIndia)
He also took questions from the 1,000 Delhi students who had packed the Manekshaw Centre for the Teachers’ Day programme and from many more across the country who’d tuned in via video conference.
Read: Three cheers ring out for ‘Modi Sir’ in UP madrasas
“Your style conveys the image of a headmaster. Are you tough like a headmaster or are you sweet,” asked a girl in the crowd. “I am a taskmaster. I work hard and extract hard work from others,” the PM replied as millions of students watched him on TV in their schools and homes.
 
Most schools in the Capital, and elsewhere in the country, had made it mandatory for students to be present for the live broadcast of the PM’s speech.
Watch: Best of PM Modi's Teacher's Day speech
Modi exhorted students to become responsible citizens, wondered why they weren’t interested in becoming teachers, thought aloud about India becoming a country that exports teachers. Urging the young to work and play, he said, “You should play and sweat a lot, at least four times a day. Promise you will do it.” He added, “Keep the child in you alive.”
Asked if he’d played pranks as a boy, the PM spoke about tempting shehnai players with tamarind to make their mouth water and stapling the clothes of couples at weddings.
When a boy from Imphal asked him what he had to do to become PM, he responded, “Start preparing for the 2024 elections… at least till then I am safe.” 
A teacher should not discriminate. All children belong to the teacher. And every child has some talents: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 5, 2014
Going back to a recurring theme, he spoke of the importance of educating girls, and building toilets for them in schools to stop them from dropping out. To a student from Port Blair, he said, “Serving the nation does not only mean doing grand things. Doing small things is a big service too. Remember to switch off the fan in your room when you leave, to turn off the taps as you brush your teeth, to keep your things tidy. It is these small things that help build a clean nation.”
When a visually impaired girl asked if he had ever thought he would one day become prime minister, he said, “I never even contested the election to become class monitor.”

Live: PM addresses students across the country on Teachers  DayPrime Minister Narendra Modi will be addressing lakhs of students across the country on the occasion of Teachers' Day.
Live Blog
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
4:47 pm: Modi's final message to students: Keep the child inside you alive. Be happy and naughty. Live your age. You won't get this time again. On this day, we pay our respects to Dr Radhakrishnan and all our teachers. Don't forget your teachers ever. The teachers also must not forget their students ever. They must be a part of their students' lives always. This is of utmost importance to build the nation. Like a gardener, a teacher must nurture the children like flowers. I am thankful that I got the opportunity to meet you all. Thank you all.
4:42 pm: Modi's question and answer session with students over.
4:42 pm: Modi: It has been given priority the world over. Education and degrees without skills mean nothing. That's why apart from personality development, every child should get the opportunity of skill development. We have so many educated youth but they are unskilled and hence, jobless. That's why skill development is of utmost importance. When I was in Gujarat, I asked the Tata Group to educate and train the youth in the surrounding areas where they were planning to build their Nano car. So that they can find workers close to the factory itself. It will also promote regional growth.
4:37 pm: Next question from Delhi: Are you planning to prioritise skill-development?
4:34 pm: Modi: I will give you a small example. Your friends come home and you rush out with them to play. But you forget to switch off the fan in your room. You can surely switch it off? Can you do it or not? Of course you can. Sometimes, when the weather is fine, you can actually switch off the fan or AC and keep the windows open to enjoy the fresh air from outside. When we brush our teeth, we let the taps run. Why can't we shut it?
4:31 pm: Next question from Delhi: How can children help save electricity?
4:30 pm: Modi: I would say that everyone must cultivate a reading habit. I think we should have reading competitions. I haven't thought about taking this programme on a national scale but I want all to cultivate a reading habit.
4:26 pm: Next question from Gujarat: You have a programme in Gujarat - 'Gujarat Padho'. Do you plan to take it on a national scale?
4:24 pm: Modi: Politics is not a profession. It is a service. It is 'seva'. And the feeling of 'seva' will only arise when the leaders think of the people as their own. This question reminds me of an old incident. A 5-year-old girl was once crossing a bridge with her 3-year-old brother in her arms. Mahatma Gandhi asked her, 'won't you get tired?' She replied, 'He is my brother'. Mahatma asked her the same question again and the girl gave the same answer again. The Mahatma asked the question a third time. The girl said, 'Sir, he is my brother. How can I get tired when I am taking care of my own brother?' That is what we all have to learn.
4:21 pm: Next question from Dwarka, Delhi: Is politics a difficult profession? How do you deal with the pressure and tension?
4:20 pm: Modi: It is good that young children are asking such questions. It's not climate change actually. It's we who have changed. We have destroyed the balance of nature. We have to stop fighting against Nature and instead, nurture it. We must take care of our environment. Our holy texts tell us to take care of our surroundings. But ever since we stopped, Mother Ganga has become polluted. I just met the mayor of Nagpur. He told me a wonderful thing. He told me that on full moon nights, he switches off the street lights and asks everyone to come out of their homes. He tells them to enjoy the full moon nights. Now I want to ask you, how many of you have seen the sun rise and the sun set or the full moon? We have lost all those habits. We have stopped living with Nature. We have to relearn it all.
4:14 pm: Next question from Tinsukia: How can we take care of our pristine environment?
4:13 pm: Modi: You all have to be good role models. Good citizens, good students. You have to ensure cleanliness around you. There are two kinds of children - the ideal one and the naughty one. The ideal would keep his things arranged in an order. But the naughty ones would throw his things around as soon as he reaches home. So it's up to you how you model yourself. You have to ensure that electricity and water are not wasted. You have to take care of the environment. You don't have to worry about the big picture. Just think about the little details and take care of them. Rest will take care of itself.
4:10 pm: Next question from Port Blair: What role do children play in the nation's development?
4:09 pm: Modi: I have travelled through Bastar a lot. It is true that girls' education should be given utmost importance. There is an old saying that if a boy studies, only one person learns. But if we educate a girl, two families learn through it. Women's education plays an important role in the nation's development. Why else do you think I have made girls' toilets a priority for my government? So that they stay back in school and learn. I have given much thought to this programme and its results will be seen soon. I am happy that you have asked me this question. It shows that you think about girls' education in a place which is affected by Maoists.
4:05 pm: The next question comes from Dantewada: What would you do for higher education of girls in areas like Bastar?
4:04 pm: Modi responds: Yes I also used to play pranks. When shehnai valas used to play the shehnai at weddings, we used to show them imlis as they are mouthwatering. Then the shehnaivalas used to come running after us. We used to go for weddings and staple clothes of men and women with each other. But you promise me you all won't do such things.
4:01 pm: A student from Leh asks, "Do you remember any pranks you played with your friends in school? Would you like to share any such incident with us?"
3:59 pm: Modi says: There should be no discrimination. A teacher should treat each student as their own. Every student has positives and negatives. A teacher's task is to see the positives in the student and give them a direction. The teacher should be like a parent who does not differentiate between kids. As a teacher, I would not have discriminated.
3:57 pm: A student from Thiruvananthapuram asks, "If you were a student, who would you concentrate on - an intelligent student or an average person who is hard working?"
3:56 pm: Modi's answer: I went to a primary school in Japan. I found there was not much of teaching. But there was 100% learning there. The students there are disciplined. They are judiciously using technology in schools there. Cleanliness, discipline and the way they respect people is appreciable.
3:53 pm: A student from Gujarat asks: What difference did you find in Indian education system and Japanese education system?
3:53 pm: Modi bursts into laughter and says, "Prepare for elections from 2024. At least till then, there is no threat to my job. If anyone of you children becomes the PM, do invite me for the oath taking ceremony."
3:52 pm: Modi now takes questions from students over video conferencing. A student from Imphal asks, "How I can I become the PM of India?"
3:51 pm: Modi responds by narrating an incident from his personal life. He says, "Yes, I am a task master. But I work myself too. I don't make others work, I work along with them."
3:47 pm: A student asks Modi what kind of a person he is in real life.
3:46 pm: Modi responds: If I were to get any gains out of this, I wouldn't have done this. I feel good interacting with children. It's like charging my battery. The biggest gain - that on TV for the entire day you children are all over.
3:45 pm: A student asks Modi, "What will you gain by interacting with students today?"
3:44 pm: He responds: I never fought any election in my class or university. So i had never thought I'll be the PM. But I had dreams of doing something, achieving something. I urge students to dream of doing something.
3:42 pm: The next question to Modi: As a student, did you ever think that you will become the PM?
3:40 pm: Modi responds: It's a tough question. But if you have not got the right teachings, the right guidance, your experience, whatsoever it is, will not help you. In my life both have been equally important.
3:39 pm: The next question to Modi: What has impacted your life more? Your teachers or your experiences?
3:38 pm: Modi's reply: I haven't got the time to see Delhi. My life has been from home to work and back. On a serious note, not many changes have come. Thanks to the Chief ministerial experience I had, I know how to work and deal with officials of the government and ministers.
3:37 pm: The first question to Modi: How did you feel when you came to Delhi from Gandhinagar when became the PM? How has your life changed?
3:35 pm: Both teachers and students must move ahead together for the nation to progress: Modi ends his speech with this and will now interact with students.
3:34 pm: These books give you knowledge. Google can give you information, not knowledge: Modi
3:33 pm: You should read biographies, they take you closer to history and motivate you: Modi to students
3:32 pm: How many of you like reading books other than those in the curriculum: Modi asks students
3:29 pm: We have the ability to develop. We as a nation need to work together for our development: Modi
3:28 pm: When I went to a school in Japan, they told me that both the teachers and students perform cleaning tasks here to keep the schools clean. I wondered why can't we do it in India: Modi
3:26 pm: On 15th August, I said there should be no school that does not have a toilet for girls. There are many schools that do not have toilets for girls. I want schools to help me with this: Modi
3:23 pm: India is a youthful nation. Can't we think of exporting good teachers? Why can't our children think - I want to be a good teacher: Modi
3:22 pm: There is need to change with time to grow. The perception about teachers also needs to change. Lesser students today want to go ahead and become teachers. We need to do something to change this. A student must say yes I want to become a teacher. What do we do to make this happen: Modi
3:19 pm: The importance of Teachers' Day has reduced in the recent times: Modi
3:17 pm: The Prime Minister begins his Teachers' Day address.
3:13 pm: 
3:11 pm: Narendra Modi is giving the mythological book 'The Bhagwad Gita' to students who are speaking at the Teachers' Day function at the Manekshaw Auditorium.
3:08 pm: Students from schools are now speaking about the Teachers Day and Dr Radhakrishnan.
3:06 pm: A teacher is one who not only teaches but also learns in the journey of teaching: Smriti Irani begins the function on this note.
3:04 pm: The Prime Minister has reached the Manekshaw Auditorium for his speech. He is being welcomed by HRD Minister Smriti Irani.
2:55 pm: Schools across the country have made elaborate arrangements for the students to listen to the speech, which will be broadcast live on television and through webcast.
2:54 pm: Prime Minister Narendra Modi is set to address school students across the country on the occasion on Teachers' day in a few minutes from now.

Sensex in the red; Financial shares dagHi Guest
Markets end lower; Sensex holds 27,000
Markets extended losses for the second day, amid weak global cues, with HDFC Group shares leading the decline even as IT majors gained after huge overseas orders. The 30-share Sensex ended down by 59 points at 27,027 and the 50-share Nifty slipped 9 points to close at 8,087. The broader markets outperformed the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gained between 0.4-1.2%. The market breadth on BSE ended firm with 1,723 shares advancing and 1,268 shares declining. Meanwhile, ...

Despite rain deficits  Gujarat achieves 95% of normal sowingDespite rain deficits, Gujarat achieves 95% of normal sowing
Our Bureau
Tweet
Gandhinagar, Sept 5:  
As the second major spell of heavy monsoon rains drenched almost the entire Gujarat in the last week, the western state has heaved a sigh of relief with average rain deficit declining to 23 per cent as progressive farmers have completed sowing in 95% of the average acreage this kharif season.
Interestingly, tobacco cultivation in Gujarat is being replaced due mainly to the State Government actively promoting horticulture as a lucrative business proposition. This year’s tobacco cultivation is less than 18 per cent of what it was just three years ago.
According to the latest statistics available with the State Agriculture Department, as on September 1, as against the 86.80 lakh hectares of average normal sowing acreage over the last three years, sowing has been completed in 82.58 lakh hectares. Last kharif season, sowing had been done in a total of 86.81 lakh hectare, official sources told Business Line on Friday.
Also despite delayed rains, the state received almost 12 per cent of the average normal rainfall of the season in the last week alone, thus reducing deficit to just 23 per cent. Normally, a deficit of up to 20 per cent is considered normal rainfall.
The Saurashtra and Kutch regions of Gujarat have already received nearly 95 per cent of their average normal annual rainfall while other parts of the state have received 75 per cent. Since August 31, Kutch received 22 per cent of its total annual rains. The weather department has predicted a fresh spell of downpour from September 10, which is expected to wipe out water deficit this year. In fact, September is expected to see more rains than previous months.
Taking advantage of delayed but bountiful rains, farmers have sown cotton in 30 lakh hectare (ha) as against last year’s 26.87 lakh ha, groundnut in 12.24 lakh ha (16.60 lakh ha), paddy in 7.53 lakh ha (7.85 lakh ha), maize in 3.16 lakh ha (3.42 lakh ha), tuar in 2.11 lakh ha (2.24 lakh ha), guarseed in 2.84 lakh ha (4.69 lakh ha) and vegetables in 1.82 lakh ha (1.97 lakh ha).
Delayed rains also warded off fears of fodder shortage for cattle as fodder acreage has increased from 9.03 lakh ha to 10.21 lakh ha so far.
An interesting feature of the current sowing season is the continuous decline in tobacco acreage. As against a three-year average acreage of 41,600 ha, tobacco was sown only in 10,300 ha last year, a figure that has further been reduced to just 7,400 ha this season. This is only 17.8 per cent of the total average annual average just three years ago.
In fact, due to a varieties of reasons—low product quality, lack of incentives, crop insurance or support price, and overall discouragement due to anti-tobacco campaign nationally—the state’s tobacco production has been slowly replaced by active promotion of horticulture, particularly in the Charator (Central Gujarat) region.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Chandrababu wants to transform AP into a digital statePress Trust of India | Guntur | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:45 pm
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu on Friday said he wants the state to be a “digital AP”.
“Our Prime Minister Modi has an ambition to make the country a ‘Digital India’. Now I am thinking to transform Andhra Pradesh into ‘Digital AP’ prior to other states,” he said.
To achieve this vision, they are contemplating to provide ‘Wi-Fi’ service in all educational institutions of the state, Naidu said while addressing teachers and students on the ‘Gurupuja Utsav’ on Friday.
The chief minister said he is also planning to provide i-pads to all students to make them develop an awareness about Information Technology and also to reduce their burden of textbooks.
“Teaching new technology at an early age brings good results, instead of training at a higher age,” he said. “Young scientists and technocrats from the state are now leading the world in Information Technology and we are proud of them,” he said, adding that he has realised the importance of education along with technical and particularly IT knowledge for the students.
The state government has proposed to set up more higher educational institutions just as the Union government wants to establish more institutions like IIT and IIM. After these are set up, the services of best teachers of one institution would be utilised for students from other institutes through video conferencing, he said.
He also appealed the teaching community to strive for achieving 100 per cent literacy in the state in next five years. We are far away at 31st place in literacy rate in the country among other states, but at the same time in technology our state stands ahead, Naidu said.
The previous governments failed to identify  importance of education for socio-economic development and the state lagged behind in achieving higher literacy rate, he rued. On the occasion, he presented awards to 175 teachers adjudged best in the state and also felicitated two teachers who had taught him during his academic years.

Court reserves order on bail plea of Railways ministers sonPress Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:43 pm
The Sessions Court here on Friday reserved for tomorrow its order on the anticipatory bail plea of Railway Minister D V Sadananda Gowda’s son in connection with a complaint of rape and cheating filed against him by a Kannada starlet.
The actress’ lawyer submitted before Sessions Court Judge Mudigoudar that Karthik should not be granted the relief as he is a very influential person who may destroy the evidence.
“If Karthik is granted bail there are more chances that he may destroy the evidence, which will not help the investigation,” her counsel submitted.
He also submitted the documentary evidence seeking to establish the fact that the actress and Karthik had got married at his residence in Mangalore in June.
Yesterday, the eighth Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate court had issued arrest warrant against Karthik.
The case has triggered a storm in the state after the small-time model-turned-actress lodged a complaint against Karthik, who was booked under sections 376 (punishment for rape) and 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code.
The actress had claimed she and Karthik had got married at Gowda’s residence in Mangalore in June in the presence of only the driver of Gowda’s son.
Her claim came on a day when Karthik was engaged to another woman at Kushalnagar in Kodagu district.
If Karthik is granted bail there are more chances that he may destroy the evidence, which will not help the investigation.

India  Australia to sign nuclear agreement: AbbottNew Delhi, September 5, 2014
Updated: September 6, 2014 05:35 IST
India, Australia seal civil nuclear deal
Suhasini Haidar
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott before their meeting at Hyderabad House in New Delhi on Friday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
PTI Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott offers floral tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat on Friday.
TOPICS
nuclear policy
India and Australia, which has about a third of the world’s recoverable uranium resources and exports nearly 7,000 tonnes of it a year, launched uranium sales talks in 2012.
In a major step towards realising its nuclear energy ambitions, India signed a civil nuclear cooperation agreement with Australia here on Friday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Australian counterpart, Tony Abbott, were present during the signing of the agreement. The two nations have held five rounds of negotiations on the deal since 2012, when Australia reversed its policy on nuclear sales to India. The policy was based on India’s refusal to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
Mr. Abbott told The Hindu that the exception was made in view of India’s “model behaviour” on its nuclear capabilities. “From the time of Independence, India has scrupulously followed international laws regardless of the ups and downs of the political situation in New Delhi. There is a very high level of trust between us, and that is why we are signing this agreement,” he said.
Australia will now be a “long-term reliable supplier of uranium to India,” said an External Affairs Ministry press release, and will provide for the “supply of uranium, production of radio isotopes, nuclear safety and other areas of cooperation.”
Mr. Abbott said he was keen that more Indian investment should follow the nuclear deal signed on Friday, which clears uranium sales to India. In an exclusive interview to The Hindu, Mr Abbott said he would “welcome” Indian companies in the energy and infrastructure sectors. In particular, he mentioned the Gujarat-based Adani Group and the Andhra-based GVK Group for their large investments in the recent past, defending them against allegations by environmental organisations like Greenpeace.
“Environmental groups are very hard to please and we have very high environmental standards in Australia. I am confident that there can be no reasonable objection to the current proposal. Adani Group is speaking of $16 billion for this mine, and India’s investments of under $20 billion will almost double the total amount,” said Mr. Abbott.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Australia in November this year to attend the G-20 summit, when he is expected to face international pressure over India’s decision not to sign the WTO trade facilitation agreement.
Mr. Abbott said he was keen to negotiate a Free Trade Agreement (FTA) as soon as possible.
Mr. Abbott also said India must take the recent video by al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri, announcing a branch of the terror group in the Indian subcontinent, seriously. In bilateral talks, Mr. Abbott and Mr. Modi discussed counter-terror cooperation.
Mr. Abbott said: “I think the difficulty is that this movement, this ‘death cult’ has proven horribly attractive to too many people. There are some 60 Australians who are or have been fighting with terrorist groups in Syria and Iraq, some with Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, and that’s appalling beyond belief.”

Jung seeks president s nod to invite BJP to form governmentJung seeks president s nod to invite BJP to form government
Satkar Finlease: Resignation of company secretary compliance officerSatkar Finlease: Resignation of company secretary compliance officer
Motorola unveils new Moto G and X  smartwatch with FlipkartMotorola unveils new Moto G and X  smartwatch with Flipkart
Idea Cellular falls as PE investor cuts stakeIdea Cellular falls as PE investor cuts stake
Govt to identify `explored  coal blocks post SC orderGovt to identify `explored  coal blocks post SC order
PM s Teachers Day address: Modi has been margdarshak for many yearsPM s Teachers Day address: Modi has been margdarshak for many years
Sensex falls 44 points; auto index down around 1%Sensex falls 44 points; auto index down around 1%
Gold dips for 6th day on sustained selling  global cuesHi Guest
Gold dips for 6th day on sustained selling, global cues
Continuing its losing streak for the sixth day, gold prices eased further by Rs 90 to end at Rs 27,770 per 10 gram in the national capital on Friday on sustained selling by stockists, tracking weakening global trend. Silver also extended losses for the fourth day and lost another Rs 200 to Rs 42,000 per kg due to reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.  Traders said sustained selling by stockists in tandem with a weakening global trend mainly kept pressure on precious metal prices.

BSE Sensex hits record high of 26 638; logs 7th straight months of gainApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Top stocks may not have topped out just yetApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Analyst Corner: Buy CIL; stock offers 26% returns at CMPApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

MD - Institutional Equity Research Axis CapitalDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Director & Head of Investment Services Crossbridge CapitalDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Founder Alphative Advisors LLPDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Does anyone have it allMadhukar Sabnavis |  Sep 04, 2014
Last Updated at 09:50 PM IST
Madhukar Sabnavis: Does anyone have it all?
Striking the perfect balance between home and work is an advertising ideal
Much has been written about the recent Airtel commercial. In it, a woman boss assigns some work to a male employee, her husband - but still gets back home to cook a meal of his choice. She then sends him pictures of the food, asking him to come home soon. Is it regressive? Is it falling back on and reinforcing stereotypes of women in India, especially when feminists are talking about equality and women being able to do everything that men can, and more?
Before delving into the content of the advertisement, let's get the form and context out of the way first. The story is fresh in expression, the casting and acting wonderful. It's interesting to note the story has been told without an over-the-top tone which makes the revelation (that the junior employee is her husband) surprising. The maturity with which this unusual role-reversal is played out is particularly instructive. That's for the form. The fact that it has stirred up conversation means that, like it or hate it, you can't ignore it. That makes it powerful communication. And with many people having personal views on how the plot could have been written differently, that too is a testimony to the fact that the ad has hit the bullseye.
This brings me to the content: More specifically, the portrayal of the woman, which seems to be the core of the idea. The "superwoman" who effortlessly handles both work and home has been part of advertising and brand discourse for over two decades now. In the early 1990s, a coffee brand down south ran a successful ad. A woman architect does all: The home chores in the morning (after a cup of coffee, of course), then goes off to work and provides a simple building solution to the admiration of her male colleagues. This was a kind of pioneer in the field. In the early 2000s, the iconic 'Whirlpool' woman - "Mummy ka magic chalega kya" - was portrayed as being adept at finding solutions for sticky situations at home, from washing a stained tablecloth to making quick ice. Yet, in some executions, she was clearly dressed to look like a woman who had a job out of home. And most recently, as we speak, an LIC radio spot extols how a woman does everything at home (supposedly responding to the demands of multiple family members) and yet gets her identity from being an agent - from her work outside. All these and multiple other advertisements in between have played on the same stereotype: Of the superwoman who is able to balance work and home. They seem to work, and hence have lasted over two decades across categories. Clearly, women relate to such imagery. And this woman is no different. Then what makes this Airtel ad so provocative or stimulating?
The wife is the boss. It seems improbable - but not impossible. Good storytelling is, as Alfred Hitchcock often said, about using such improbable situations; they give the story an element of surprise, without being unreal. This shouldn't bother women, though it could be disconcerting for men. The wife goes back and cooks. (The couple look like they could have had a cook, and yet the creator decided to make her cook!) That is particularly interesting. We know, in our culture and many others, food is the way to the man's heart, and it's the strongest form of 'mothering' and expression of care. A kid at home would have sanitised it and perhaps made it more acceptable. Juxtaposing this with a boss' instruction at work provides a fresh perspective to the new-age woman who doesn't just balance activities, but manages multiple emotions maturely and in a balanced manner. This combination of 'tough at work' and yet 'kind at home' attitudes seems smart and makes the whole thing fresh.
However, it is this ritual of cooking that stimulates a regressive image in progressive minds, and hence reinforces stereotypes and the stereotypical roles of a woman. Is a woman cooking for her husband or family a regressive act? Or is it an expression of care and love?
This brings up, for me, however, the real core question: Can a woman actually balance home and work, and do both to her satisfaction - and to the satisfaction of her near and dear ones? Indra Nooyi stirred up a hornet's nest, earlier this year, when she said women pretend to have it all but that is more an ideal than a reality for most. There is much truth in what she said. In a day, you have limited time and when you give time to something, something else loses out.
It is equally true that men don't have it all. How many male leaders have been quoted saying that, while they climbed the ladder to the top, they have missed seeing their children grow? Or that they had strong wives who held fort at home and provided a support to their success? The answer is numerous. Hidden in such comments is a reiteration for men too of what Indra Nooyi so humbly and explicitly said. They, too, can't have it all.
It is every individual's continuous endeavour to find the right balance between work, home and personal pursuits. To that extent, the portrayal in the Airtel commercial and many other such ads that have tried to strike a chord with the thought of a superwoman have treaded into the territory of the 'ideal' - bordering, even, on fantasy. Male portrayals have not strayed that far because, fortunately for them, their corridors of operation in society have been rather limited: Be the bread-winner. Anything extra done is seen as a bonus, or as the man's softer side - not as indicating he's a superman.
Advertising stories exist to make brands endearing to the consumer. Yet, the characters and rituals portrayed in them consciously and subliminally influence social values and behaviours. To constantly strive towards the right balance is a laudable ideal, and to do it from a woman's point of view is meaningful from an Indian social and marketing standpoint. The Airtel ad is one more of a series of ads that aims to push the envelope in that context. For me, the maturity in the relationship is equally worth discussing, alongside the role of a woman and a more holistic portrayal of her. It's a fresh take - and the conversation it stirred up is healthy. Something worth thinking about.
The writer is vice-chairman of Ogilvy and Mather, India. These views are his own

Philip Stephens on why the world has turnedSeptember 4, 2014 5:46 pm
The world is marching back from globalisation
By Philip Stephens
The US does not see a vital national interest in upholding an order that shifts power to rivals
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8fbed9de-3380-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Number of jobs ads grew fastest in Chicago in AugustOnline Advertising
The number of online job ads grew more in the Chicago area during the month of August, than any other metropolitan area in the country, according to a report released this week. 
Data from the Conference Board, an independent research group, found that 165,600 Internet job ads –- an indicator of labor demand -  were placed in the Chicago area last month. That’s a gain of 9,400 job ads -- beating out metropolitan areas such as Detroit, San Francisco and Boston. 
Across the state, employers sought 214,000 new hires and increase of 12,500 over July, according to the Conference Board. 
Midwestern states, including: Michigan, Missouri, Wisconsin, Minnesota Indiana, Iowa and North and South Dakota, boasted the largest growth in online jobs ads with 54,200 total new job ads.
Professional occupations including business and finance, computer and math jobs and health care showed the highest gains, according to the report, which was released earlier this week.

Obama shunned in midterms preparation© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a10e26d8-3419-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

If Scots keep pound they forgo independenceSeptember 4, 2014 6:48 pm
If Scots keep the pound they forgo independence
By Martin Wolf
Alternatives to the currency union exist and some might work well
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/995a8b64-3380-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Union Bank doesn t want external agency to run Bhushan SteelSomasroy Chakraborty |  Kolkata Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:48 AM IST
Union Bank doesn't want external agency to run Bhushan Steel
Last month, Bhushan Steel's vice-chairman and managing director, Neeraj Singal, was arrested by CBI
Union Bank of India, one of the many lenders to Bhushan Steel, is not in favour of appointing an external agency to run the troubled steel maker.
“It (the crisis at Bhushan Steel) has not reached that level. One person has been taken into custody but large organisations are not run by one person. If the chairman of a bank retires, should the bank come to a halt?The answer is no. It (Bhushan Steel) is an institution and institutions are not run by an individual,” Arun Tiwari, chairman and managing director of the bank, said.
Bhushan Steel’s Vice-Chairman and Managing Director Neeraj Singal was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) last month for allegedly offering a bribe to Sudhir Kumar Jain, the now suspended chairman and managing director of Syndicate Bank.
The steel company has borrowed close to Rs 40,000 crore from 35 lenders. While the loans are still classified as standard assets, the arrest has cast a shadow on the company's ability to repay its dues.
Banks have directed a forensic audit to find out whether the money borrowed was diverted and not used for the purpose for which it was given.
A recovery road map drawn by SBI Caps, the merchant banking arm of State Bank of India (SBI), has suggested that the troubled steel-maker should sell and lease back some of its critical assets to reduce debts. Suggestions were also made to appoint an external agency to run the company.
Tiwari, however, appeared optimistic. “If you see the assets on the ground – Rs 40,000 crore has some economic value. All the stakeholders, including employees of Bhushan Steel, have to be taken care of. The corrective action plan is already in place. Also, as on date, it (loans to Bhushan Steel)is still a performing asset,” he said. He did not quantify Union Bank’s loan exposure in Bhushan Steel.
Separately, Tiwari said the state-run lender plans to raise Rs 1,386 crore through a qualified institutional placement (QIP).
“We will wait for the right time and right price to raise the funds. We already have the shareholders' approval for this.”
Tiwari also said while the incidence of loans turning non-performing has reduced, there could be fresh slippages in coming quarters. “Incidence of NPAs (non-performing assets) has reduced but it does not mean you won't have NPAs. For that to happen, banks will have to lend only against fixed deposit receipts,” he said.
The bank has sold Rs 325 crore of bad loans to asset reconstruction companies in 2012-13 (April-March). Tiwari said while the bank plans to sell NPA accounts in the current financial year, it will only conclude a transaction if it gets an appropriate price for those assets.
 Advertisements

Groups calls for airlines to list all feesGroups calls for airlines to list all fees
Airlines fees
Alex Garcia, Chicago Tribune
A passenger pays fees for checked bags at an American Airlines self-serve terminal at O'Hare International Airport.
A passenger pays fees for checked bags at an American Airlines self-serve terminal at O'Hare International Airport. (Alex Garcia, Chicago Tribune)
Airline fees should be disclosed during buying, groups say.
'Show us the fees,' consumer groups urge.
Consumer and travel groups on Thursday urged U.S. regulators to make the total price of airfares easier to compare by forcing airlines to supply travel agencies with information on additional fees that have become so popular over the past six years.
Advocates called the current process “unfair and deceptive” for consumers, who can't readily compare among airlines all-in prices for airfares including all the associated fees, such as those for checked bags, early boarding and extra-legroom seat assignments.
James Beach says he's embarrassed that an argument over his use of the "Knee Defender" during a flight from Newark to Denver got out of control and forced the plane to be diverted to Chicago last month. ( Tribune staff )
“To protect air travel consumers, we need to fix the significant problems they face in searching, comparing and buying ancillary fees, which have become ubiquitous in the airline industry,” said Andrew Weinstein, executive director of Open Allies for Airfare Transparency, a coalition of more than 400 companies and organizations involved in the distribution or purchase of air travel.
The airline industry says such a rule is inappropriate in a deregulated market like the airline industry.
8
“We believe this proposal overreaches and limits how free markets work and will needlessly inhibit market innovations that are developing to meet customer demand for customized information,” said Jean Medina, spokeswoman for industry association Airlines for America.
Beginning in 2008, airlines began charging for checked luggage and other “optional” services and features that used to be included in the fare. They call it “unbundling.” Fees for checking bags and changing flights alone amounted to $6.2 billion among U.S. carriers last year, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation.
The DOT is in the process of taking public comments on a proposed rule that would in part require airlines to disclose fees all during the buying process — not only on airline websites but also at online travel agencies, such as Expedia and Orbitz.
“Consumers have the fundamental right to know the upfront cost of their entire trip,” said Philip J. Minardi, spokesman for the Travel Technology Association.
A survey released Thursday by the coalition of air travel groups found 71 percent of air travelers say airlines should have to sell ancillary services wherever they sell tickets, and 81 percent said current airline practices are unfair and deceptive.

St. Louis County police chief: I invited federal review after Ferguson unrestBy Sarah Larimer September 4 Follow @slarimer
Chief Jon Belmar of the St. Louis County Police Department speaks to demonstrators during a peaceful protest in Ferguson, Mo., on Aug. 23. (Michael B. Thomas/AFP/Getty Images)
St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar said Thursday that he welcomed a collaborative review process with the Department of Justice following days of unrest in Ferguson, Mo.
“I invited this,” Belmar said. “I wasn’t compelled to do it. It’s a collaboration.”
Belmar said officials will take a closer look at the county’s training, bias-free policing policies, traffic stop numbers and the action law enforcement officials took in the days that followed the death of Michael Brown, a black teenager who was shot and killed by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson on Aug. 9 .
“We’re not afraid to have outside reviewers in here,” Belmar said.
Earlier in the day, Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. announced plans for a federal investigation into the Ferguson police department, which would address concerns about the use of excessive force and racial profiling. Belmar called the county’s effort “a little different” from Ferguson’s investigation, stressing the voluntary nature of the review.
Belmar makes it clear that he volunteered for the DOJ review, as opposed to the review of #Ferguson PD, which is mandated.
— Rachel Lippmann (@rlippmann) September 4, 2014
“It’s not going to be something that’s going to last three weeks,” Belmar said. “It’s something that could potentially last a year to 18 months.”
The killing of Brown, who was unarmed at the time of the shooting, led to demonstrations in the St. Louis area, and law enforcement officials were widely criticized for their response to the protests .
. @stlcountypd response to #Ferguson protests also part of DOJ review. Belmar says they met goal of preservation of life.
— Rachel Lippmann (@rlippmann) September 4, 2014
The Washington Post has reported that at least five Ferguson officers have been named in civil rights lawsuits, which claim police used excessive force — including one instance in which a child was allegedly hog-tied.
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409870171/1409870171000/1409870171 tracking: {authors=Sarah Larimer, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=st-louis-county-police-chief-i-invited-federal-review-after-ferguson-unrest, post_id=10998, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 10:36:11 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 10:36:11 PM

Real GDP is not what youd thinkReal GDP per capita growth over the past 10 years: not what you’d think | FT Alphaville
All times are London time

Head of Investment  Asia Banque InternationaleExpertise : Equity - Fundamental 
Hans Goetti is currently the head of investments, Asia, with Banque Internationale. Earlier he was the Chief Investment Officer at Finaport. He has held various positions in financial institutions in Switzerland and Singapore. Hans holds a degree from Zurich Business School and a certificate as financial analyst from New York Institute of Finance.
ABOUT Hans Goetti
Hans Goetti is currently the head of investments, Asia, with Banque Internationale. Earlier he was the Chief Investment Officer at Finaport. He has held various positions in financial institutions in Switzerland and Singapore. Hans holds a degree from Zurich Business School and a certificate as financial analyst from New York Institute of Finance.

Cong Young Turks want party gag on seniorsPrint
Written by Manoj C G | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 1:38 am
The churning in the Congress Thursday took a decisive turn after several All India Congress Committee secretaries, handpicked by Rahul Gandhi and upset over the frequent attacks on him from within the party, officially asked it to direct “senior” leaders to “refrain from going public” with “negative comments” on the leadership.
The letter to the party, signed by 14 young secretaries, did not name anyone, but clearly indicated who they were aiming at, saying that the leaders “who are expressing their views in public in recent times” were the “very leaders… who themselves have always been part and parcel of the highest decision making body of the party.”
Around the same time the Congress vice-president in Amethi admitted there was “tension” in the party. Four AICC secretaries — Shakeel Ahmed Khan, Harish Choudhary, Naseeb Singh and Prakash Joshi — walked into senior general secretary Janardan Dwivedi’s chamber in the party headquarters with the letter, a copy of which is with The Indian Express.
Dwivedi is general secretary in-charge of the organisation.
In the letter, the secretaries said they were “observing and feeling very strongly” that of late there had been statements from “different rungs of senior Congressmen which are not in the interest of the party”.
“If there is any concern, it should be expressed in a very dignified manner and at an appropriate place within the party forum. It should be done as and when felt necessary, this is also the democratic way of working, but surely not in the way it has been done by some of our respected senior Congressmen,” the letter stated.
“We should try and do some introspection and try to work tirelessly towards improving or in fact reversing the recent political scenario. Our aim should be to make the party stronger. At this juncture, we feel our attack should be directed at our opponents who are actually working against the interest of the common masses,” it said.
The secretaries said, “Hence we recommend very strongly that we should consciously refrain from going to the public with any negative comments with regards to the party,” and urged Dwivedi to “circulate our sentiments to all senior leaders of the party.”
The unprecedented move by the secretaries to take on the seniors capped weeks of deliberations and discussions among them. While the young leaders said Rahul was apprised of their move, some of the senior leaders suggested it was being done at the behest of those close to him.
The letter was signed by 14 secretaries — Paresh Dhanani, Shakeel Ahmed Khan, A Chella Kumar, Bhupen Kumar Borah, Girish Chodankar, Harish Choudhary, Kuljit Singh Nagra, Naseeb Singh, Prakash Joshi, Rana Goswami, Sanjay Kapoor, Subhankar Sarkar, Suraj Hegde and Zubair Khan.
Hours after the letter was handed over, senior general secretary Digvijaya Singh — who had recently said that Rahul should make himself more visible — came out in support of the secretaries.
“Thank God younger generation of Congress (is) now demanding generational change which I have been suggesting since Burari AICC in 2009 December. I support the demand continued…

India regulator says Sun s takeover of Ranbaxy may hurt competitionApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Microsoft: mid-range phones for budget consciousApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Post iPhone celebrity photo scandal  Apple Inc to add alertsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Country ready to tackle threat from al-Qaeda...afghanistan
("There is a threat perception…)
NEW DELHI: IAF chief Arup Raha today said there was a threat from terror groups such as Al Qaeda but the country is ready to tackle such outfits.
"There is a threat perception from such agencies but the nation is prepared for it," he said when asked about the al-Qaeda threat to start operations in India.
He was talking to reporters on the sidelines of a seminar on the role of Air Force in the 1965 war with Pakistan.
US media and intelligence agencies had said yesterday that al-Qaeda has established a new branch to wage jihad in India, revive its caliphate and impose sharia in the Indian sub-continent.
The creation of the group called "Qaedat al-Jihad in the Indian Subcontinent" was announced by As Sahab, al-Qaeda's official media outlet, in a lengthy video posted on social media outlets.
Al-Qaeda is active in Afghanistan and Pakistan, but the group's leader Ayman al Zawahiri said "Qaedat al-Jihad" would take the fight to India, Myanmar and Bangladesh.
Security agencies feel the video could be an attempt by al-Qaeda to carry out fresh recruitments in the sub-continent as it stares at diminishing influence vis-a-vis the ISIS.
Asked about the creation of infrastructure including Su-27 fighter bases and radar stations along the Line of Actual Control by China, Raha said such developments were taking place.
Addressing the seminar, Raha said the Air Force was developing four full-fledged air bases in Raipur in Chhatisgarh, Ojhar in Maharashtra and Kargil and Nyoma in Jammu and Kashmir.
He said as part of infrastructure development, the force was developing Advanced Landing Grounds in the northeast.
Raha said the induction of fighter aircraft such as Light Combat Aircraft, Medium-Multi-role Combat Aircraft and the Fifth Generation Fighter Aircraft will help in strengthening its capabilities.
Speaking about the 1965 war, Raha said the Pakistan Air Force had superior aircraft like the American F-104 and Sabre but the IAF thwarted its attempt to wrest Kashmir from India.
While the Indian Air Force, which had obsolete aircraft fleet, got involved in combat for the first time in Independent India during the 1965 war, the Pakistan Air Force had modern aircraft provided by the US, he noted.
The IAF chief said the issue of one rank one pension was under consideration of the government as there were some differences in accounting financial implications of the project.
On the seventh pay commission, Raha said the forces have given their joint memorandum and the anomalies of the 6th pay commission will be done away with.
He said a request has been made to the government and the pay commission to extend the tenure of the seventh pay commission so that if there are any anomalies or issues during its implementation, they can be dealt with by the panel.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No royal reception for Emraan Hashmi   Raja Natwarlal  box office collections flopApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Auto industry can be an engine of growth  says M&M s Pawan GoenkaET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
In a chat with ET Now, Dr Pawan Goenka , Executive Director & President, Automotive & Farm Equipment Sectors, Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd, shares his views on the 100 days of the Modi government and the auto sector. Excerpts:
ET Now: We have been talking about the 100 days of the Modi government. Do you think that after the Japan visit, there would be good fund flows, because the talking point now is that the India-Japan relationship could really go a long way?
Dr Pawan Goenka: Foreign policy is perhaps one area where the Prime Minister has surprised everyone. The way he has handled his visits to neighbouring countries like Bhutan and Nepal and the way he has managed his visit to Japan has charmed the country.
There is no doubt that after his visits, there is fresh excitement about investing in India. I am not going to say, however, that we will immediately start to see funds pouring in, because there is another side to it also.
In case of many countries, India had gone out of the radar of investors and it is coming back in. What also has to happen along with this are changes in ground realities in terms of ease of doing business and the like. If that happens hand in hand with excitement being created about India, it is going to make a huge difference.
ET Now: You have been interacting with the industry. Is the feedback positive and are you happy with the initiatives that the new government has taken in the last 100 days?
Dr Pawan Goenka: Yes, because many things that had been promised are actually happening. The industry wanted infrastructure to open up and there are a lot of investments happening on infrastructure. The industry wanted mining to open up.
Not much, however, has happened in that area, but the effort is on. The industry wanted optimism to come in, governance to get better and more decision making.
All of these things are happening and, therefore, there is a feeling that the Modi government is certainly going in the direction that the industry had expected it to and hoped for. But there are still three to four big things that the industry would look forward to, which will make a huge difference.
For instance, GST , DTC and changes in the land acquisition law, which have been talked about by the new government, and changes in the company bill.
If these things happen in addition to what has been happening, besides labour reforms which have started, then it will become a really positive thing for the industry.
ET Now: Business sentiment has improved after the new regime has come in place and also, we have seen a strong pick up in GDP growth. Do you think that in a couple of years, we can touch 8% or even more on the GDP mark?
Dr Pawan Goenka: 8% is an optimistic figure. It is not undoable, though. We had been there not too far ago and that kind of a growth figure can come back.
There are three to four different buckets that one has to look at and all of these things have to happen together for 8% growth to come about. One of them is the implementation of what is already on the ground. The new government has sought to demonstrate that it is very serious about 'implementation'.
Page 1 of 3

Rajnath: BJP to decide on Delhi govt formation | LG promoting horse-trading: AAPYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Rajnath Singh: BJP will take a decision on government formation in Delhi
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 03.04PM IST
Tags:
Najeeb Jung
(Amidst moves for government…)
NEW DELHI: Amidst moves for government formation in Delhi, Home Minister Rajnath Singh today said his party BJP will take a decision on the issue.
"The party will take a decision," he told reporters after Union Minister Nitin Gadkari, who is election incharge of party affairs in Delhi, met him at the North Block.
He was replying to reporters on Delhi Lt Governor Najeeb Jung's report to the Centre recommending calling BJP to form government in the capital.
The Home Minister said the LG's report has not come to him yet.
However, official sources said in his report, the LG has sought permission to explore the possibilities of formation of a government by consulting the single largest party, which is BJP with 28 seats in a House of 70. Its ally Akali Dal has one MLA.
After his meeting with the Home Minister, Gadkari said that BJP will not indulge in horse trading.
Senior party leaders feel that the LG should invite the single-largest party.
BJP leader Prabhat Jha, who is BJP vice president and state incharge of Delhi, also met the Home Minister.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Power Min for coal price pooling to decide f...Power Ministry for coal price pooling to mitigate any Supreme Court deallocation
IANS Sep 5, 2014, 02.56PM IST
(The proposal is aimed at…)
NEW DELHI: In a move to deal with the situation following the Supreme Court verdict holding allocation of coal blocks since 1993 as illegal, the Power Ministry in a cabinet note has proposed pooling of imported and domestic coal for deciding the price of fuel for plants commissioned after 2009.
The proposal is aimed at meeting the increasing demand for coal in a situation where imports have become essential to tide over shortages, an official source told IANS Friday.
The power ministry has proposed that imported coal be supplied to power plants after pooling its price with domestic coal in case the apex court decides to cancel captive coal blocks at its hearing on Sep 9, the source said.
The government has told the Supreme Court it was ready to auction the coal blocks if they are cancelled.
The move follows the ministry's view that pre-2009 plants should be kept out of this arrangement as the share of the public sector is 98 percent of the total capacity.
The official pointed out that the capacity created after 2009 is almost equally shared between both public and private sectors and, therefore, the price pooling mechanism would work out favourably for plants commissioned after that year.
While state-miner Coal India will work out the commercial arrangement for the import and supply of coal under the price pooling, this arrangement for power projects commissioned after 2009 is expected to raise power tariffs by 74 paise in 2014-15, 44 paise in 2015-16 and five paise in 2016-17, the source added.
The ministry has said that for pre-2009 plants, the coal supply must be kept at the existing level of 90 percent of the annual contracted quantity. Moreover, the arrangement will not be applicable to imported coal-based projects.
Power producers have been advised to import 54 million tonnes (MT) of coal in the current fiscal to tide over domestic supply shortages.
"In view of shortage of domestic coal as of now, it would not be feasible to meet 100 percent requirement of power producer (including NTPC), from domestic coal production alone," Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal recently told parliament in a written reply.
Coal imports in the last fiscal were 168.44 MT, while in 2012-13 India imported 145.785 MT of dry fuel.
The total estimated quantum of coal resources in the country is 301.56 billion tonnes, while the coal extracted during 2013-14 was 565.64 MT.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will pare debt  improve margins in FY15 16: Finolex01:30 pm
Prakash P Chhabria, executive chairman,  Finolex Industries says the company will continue to pare its debt in the current and next year- FY15, FY16.
Furthermore, he expects margins to improve on contracting Ethylene Di Chloride (EDC ) and poly vinyl chloride (PVC) contracts.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Prakash P. Chhabria’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Reema Tendulkar and Ekta Batra.
Reema: The Ethylene Di Chloride (EDC) and Polyvinyl Chloride (PVC) spreads are key to you margin performance. Could you tell us where the spreads are currently?
A: Yes what we have seen is that because of shale gas there is some additional capacities of EDC coming up globally and most of it actually is in North America and as that rolls out it will cause a lot of effects in the market and which will benefit us as the customer.
Ekta: Could you give us some numbers with regards to this?
A: I will not give you numbers but I can tell you one thing, the spreads are widening and the margins are getting better.
Reema: The company went on this path of debt reduction and now your debt levels are at a pretty healthy level; Rs 120 crore. Will the company look to cut debt even further from current levels and also on the return ratios and the kind of cash which the business has started to throw up, what are the internal targets you are working with on these parameters?
A: What we have been doing basically for the last three years even when the whole economy was going down is reducing our debt without raising any equity. So it is our own business which is doing good, churning out cash like you said. Therefore FY12, FY13 and FY14 we reduced our debt and also in FY15 and FY16 we will be reducing our debt. Basically we are churning out a good cash flow.
Ekta: Could you tell us what would be the general demand drivers as well as the business drivers for the second half of FY15 for the company?
A: The business is very cyclical. It depends on dollar-rupee, international PVC prices, demand supply in India. We already spoke about the demand supply for the current season because of the monsoon. So which means the demand is low. The dollar-rupee is stable which is good for business because stability is always good. PVC prices internationally have slightly gone off but that happens again because of seasonality. Therefore if you again take just this quarter as of today prices are not great but that has got nothing to do with the overall business for the year because again it is seasonality.
Finolex Ind stock price
On September 10, 2014, at  15:14 hrs Finolex Industries was quoting at Rs 317.00, up Rs 6.85, or 2.21 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 321.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 108.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 15.92 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.91. The latest book value of the company is Rs 63.64 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.98.
RELATED NEWS

Indian paint market set to grow 20% in two years: studyBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 10:56 PM IST
Paint market to grow 20% annually in next two years
The industry will reach the level of Rs 62,000 cr in the next two years, says the Assocham study Indian Paint Industry: 2014
The Rs 40,600-crore Indian paint industry is likely to see a 20 per cent compounded annual growth rate until 2016, says a study by business chamber Assocham.
This is due to increasing demand from retail consumers, on rapid urbanisation, and development of rural markets. The industry will reach the level of Rs 62,000 crore in the next two years, it said. A rise in disposable income of the average middle class coupled with increasing investment on education, urbanisation, development of the rural market and various launches of many innovative products will be major drivers, it said. India is the second largest consumer of paint in Asia.
“The Indian paint industry has seen a gradual shift in the preferences of people from the traditional whitewash to higher quality paints like emulsions and enamel paints,” said D S Rawat, secretary-general, Assocham.
The rural market grew 20 per cent in 2013-14. Rural India’s incremental consumption expenditure is growing well. And, the rural sector has a major share of the decorative paints segment. Thus, any benefit to the rural sector’s disposable income is directly correlated to the paint industry’s growth.
Besides, decorative paints are marketing well, backed by large advertisement campaigns and dealership networks.  In FY14, per capita consumption of paint increased to a little over four kg, of which the decorative segment contributed 73 per cent at Rs 29,638 crore. The remaining Rs 10,962 crore was contributed by the industrial segment.
“Demands for decorative paints arise from household paintings, architectural and other display products. The demand for paint increases during festive seasons as compared to other periods,” said Rawat.
The decorative paint market has been further segmented into emulsions, enamel, distemper and cement paints. Industrial paints are segmented into automotive coating, high performance coating, powder coating and coil coating.
The unorganised sector has around 35 per cent of the paint market. In the unorganised segment, there are about 2,500 units.
 Advertisements

India  Australia to sign nuclear agreement: Tony AbbottPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:44 pm
On Friday Prime Minister Tony Abbott said he will sign an agreement with India to sell uranium for non-weapon use.
“Prime Minister Modi and I will today sign a nuclear cooperation agreement that will finally allow Australian uranium to India,” he said while addressing a meeting here, organised by industry chambers including CII and Ficci.
Abbott, who arrived on Friday morning, was given a ceremonial reception in the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Besides meeting Modi, Abbott is scheduled to call on President Pranab Mukherjee and Vice President Hamid Ansari.
He arrived in Mumbai on Thursday amid expectations that the two countries will ink the nuclear deal and initiate steps to deepen strategic ties and strengthen two-way trade and commerce.
The efforts to sign civil nuclear deal have been underway since 2012 after Labour party in Australia reversed its decision to ban the sale of uranium to India because of New Delhi not being a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
“I am hoping to sign a nuclear co-operation agreement that will enable uranium sales by Australia to India,” Abbott had told his Parliament on the eve of his visit to India.
He had said that if Australia was prepared to sell uranium to Russia then “surely we ought to be prepared to provide uranium to India under suitable safeguards”, noting it was a “fully functioning democracy with the rule of law”.
India is not a signatory to the NPT, but Abbott has stressed that Australia would ensure adequate bilateral safeguards before any deal was signed.
After the failure to conclude a civil nuclear deal with Japan during Modi’s visit to that country, the pact with Australia – which has about a third of the world’s recoverable uranium resources and exports nearly 7,000 tonnes of it a year – would boost India’s energy sector.

Court reserves order on bail plea of Railways minister s sonPress Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:43 pm
The Sessions Court here on Friday reserved for tomorrow its order on the anticipatory bail plea of Railway Minister D V Sadananda Gowda’s son in connection with a complaint of rape and cheating filed against him by a Kannada starlet.
The actress’ lawyer submitted before Sessions Court Judge Mudigoudar that Karthik should not be granted the relief as he is a very influential person who may destroy the evidence.
“If Karthik is granted bail there are more chances that he may destroy the evidence, which will not help the investigation,” her counsel submitted.
He also submitted the documentary evidence seeking to establish the fact that the actress and Karthik had got married at his residence in Mangalore in June.
Yesterday, the eighth Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate court had issued arrest warrant against Karthik.
The case has triggered a storm in the state after the small-time model-turned-actress lodged a complaint against Karthik, who was booked under sections 376 (punishment for rape) and 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code.
The actress had claimed she and Karthik had got married at Gowda’s residence in Mangalore in June in the presence of only the driver of Gowda’s son.
Her claim came on a day when Karthik was engaged to another woman at Kushalnagar in Kodagu district.
If Karthik is granted bail there are more chances that he may destroy the evidence, which will not help the investigation.

Eurozone economy stagnates in second quarterYou are here: Home > Collections > Ecb
Eurozone economy stagnates in second quarter; 0% growth from the previous quarter
AFP Sep 5, 2014, 03.21PM IST
Tags:
eurozone economy
(ECB also slashed its forecasts…)
BRUSSELS: The eurozone economy stagnated in the second quarter, official figures showed on Friday, in line with the poor outlook which pushed the European Central Bank into radical action on Thursday.
In a second estimate for growth in the 18-country currency zone, the Eurostat statistics body confirmed zero per cent growth from the previous quarter.
It also reported slight expansion of 0.2 per cent for the full 28-country European Union.
The first estimate announced in mid-August sent shockwaves across financial markets and governments desperate for growth, and put even more pressure on the ECB to take action.
It did so in unexpected fashion on Thursday, when ECB president Mario Draghi produced the latest in a series of policy surprises, while also warning that the real solution was faster reforms by governments.
Fears are growing that the European economy, after making it through the euro crisis and the prospect of the collapse of the single currency, may now be poised for years of stagnation or unduly low growth.
Stunted growth in the eurozone is forcing governments to cut back their estimates for growth of gross domestic product for the rest of the year, putting budget deficit targets into jeopardy, and also clouding the outlook for growth of the global economy.
The unexpectedly low growth figure was mainly the result of a surprise 0.2-per cent shrinkage in Germany, usually the reliable eurozone growth engine, and stagnation in an already fragile French economy.
Feeling the pressure, the Frankfurt-based ECB cut interest rates to a record low level on Thursday and pledged to buy hundreds of billions of euros of private sector bonds, thereby pumping much-needed cash into the economy.
However, Draghi also revealed that the ECB's policy council was split, since the decisions announced were not taken unanimously.
The ECB also slashed its forecasts for growth in the 18-country euro area this year and next, and lowered its outlook for area-wide inflation.
The ECB is now pencilling in gross domestic product growth of 0.9 per cent in 2014 with inflation expected to be 0.6 per cent this year -- a lower rate than the 0.7 originally forecast.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Naidu wants to transform AP into a "digital ...Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu wants to transform Andhra Pradesh into a "digital state"
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 03.25PM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister…)
GUNTUR: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu today said he wants the state to be a " digital AP ".
"Our Prime Minister Modi has an ambition to make the country a 'Digital India'. Now I am thinking to transform Andhra Pradesh into 'Digital AP' prior to other states," he said.
To achieve this vision, they are contemplating to provide 'Wi-Fi' service in all educational institutions of the state, Naidu said while addressing teachers and students here on the 'Gurupuja Utsav' today.
The chief minister said he is also planning to provide i-pads to all students to make them develop an awareness about Information Technology and also to reduce their burden of textbooks.
"Teaching new technology at an early age brings good results, instead of training at a higher age," he said.
"Young scientists and technocrats from the state are now leading the world in Information Technology and we are proud of them," he said, adding that he has realised the importance of education along with technical and particularly IT knowledge for the students.
The state government has proposed to set up more higher educational institutions just as the Union government wants to establish more institutions like IIT and IIM. After these are set up, the services of best teachers of one institution would be utilised for students from other institutes through video conferencing, he said.
He also appealed the teaching community to strive for achieving 100 per cent literacy in the state in next five years.
We are far away at 31st place in literacy rate in the country among other states, but at the same time in technology our state stands ahead, Naidu said.
The previous governments failed to identify importance of education for socio-economic development and the state lagged behind in achieving higher literacy rate, he rued.
On the occasion, he presented awards to 175 teachers adjudged best in the state and also felicitated two teachers who had taught him during his academic years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JSW Steel considering to buy Italy s Ilva s...JSW Steel, ArcelorMittal in talks to acquire Italy’s largest steelmaker Ilva steel plant
Megha Mandavia, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 03.24PM IST
Tags:
acquisition
(Ilva is amongst the largest…)
MUMBAI: Race to buy troubled steel plants in Italy has pitted Indian business tycoon Sajjan Jindal against global steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal. Jindal's JSW Steel and world's largest steelmaker ArcelorMittal are both in talks to buy Italy's largest steelmaker Ilva steel plant and second-largest Lucchini SpA. JSW Steel has written a letter to Ilva's special commissioner Piero Gnudi expressing interest in the company, according to Reuters News.
The Indian company has also been in talks to buy parts of insolvent Lucchini for the past few months. ArcelorMittal, too, has been vying to get a hold of these problematic but low-priced assets. While the heavily-indebted Lucchini went bust in 2012 amid falling steel prices and economic recession, Riva family's Ilva steel plant was hit by a massive scandal for allegedly causing serious health concerns in the region by flouting environment laws. Both the targets have been placed under 'special administration' by the Italian government to avoid their closure and job cuts.
Mittal is known for turning ailing companies into profit centres, but industry insiders say that Jindal will put up a tough fight to get the Italian assets. "Mittal definitely has advantage over any Indian player by having experience in Europe and good relations with the government. He also understands the work culture there," said an industry source.
"But Jindal is a quick decision maker and one can be rest assured that he will drive a hard bargain. Looking at JSW Steel's Indian acquisitions, one knows that he has a vision to look beyond price." Mail sent to JSW Steel remained unanswered as of press time. JSW Steel acquired loss-making Ispat in 2010. It not only made it profitable but is now expanding capacity as well. The firm recently bought another loss-making company Welspun Maxsteel, which has a huge land bank. It is right next to Ispat, improving synergy between the two plants.
Some, however, expressed concern over Jindal's unsuccessful acquisitions in the United States. JSW Steel paid $900 million in 2007 to buy three steel plants in the US that made plates and pipes with an aim to cater to the growing oil and gas sector in America. But the optimism turned out to be misplaced with the onslaught of global recession thereafter.
"JSW Steel's experience to turn around companies has been mixed. Their overseas track record is not great. While they have been able to turn around sick units in India after buying them cheap, they have not been successful in turning around their US mill complex," said an analyst with a foreign brokerage, who declined to be named.
Bankers are also concerned about JSW Steel taking chance with sick units in a weak European economy. "As a lender, who has already seen the pain Tatas are going through because of Corus, why go to Europe? Italy and Greece are dying economies and it will take another 25 years to come back," said an investment banker.
"I strongly believe this is a wrong time. Maybe the asset is very cheap but what is there to gain?" Bankers say JSW Steel will find it tough to get a free hand to revive the sick units with the government looking to contain job losses as the economy entered recession last month. Ilva steel plant is one of the largest employers in southern Italy while Pope Francis himself has appealed to save jobs at Lucchini.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s manufacturing sector attracts Singa...Singapore companies have 'opportunities' in India's manufacturing, energy sectors
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 03.10PM IST
('Our companies can partner…)
SINGAPORE: India offers immense business opportunities for companies from Singapore in areas such as manufacturing, urban growth and energy, an expert said here today.
Speaking at a seminar to promote "Vibrant Gujarat", annual summit to be held from January 11-13, 2015, Assistant CEO of International Enterprise Singapore (IES) Tan Soon Kim singled out expansion plans of the state's liquefied natural gas re-gasification plants.
"Singapore companies can focus on urban solutions, energy and manufacturing," said Tan.
He was speaking at a seminar promoting "Vibrant Gujarat", an annual summit to be held from January 11-13, 2015, in Gandhinagar.
Singapore companies have opportunities in residential, commercial, water management, educational and healthcare segments as India proceeds with its planned development of 100 smart cities, Tan told some 200 businessmen at the seminar.
He also urged Gujarat officials at the seminar to consider Singapore companies and their expertise in urban solutions in master planning, engineering and construction to facilities management and operations.
"Our companies can partner Indian companies to provide transportation, re-gasification, storage and trading services," said Tan, referring to the LNG industry.
He highlighted Singapore companies' capabilities in clean energy, especially the solar system.
Among Singapore's recent ventures in Gujarat, Tan pointed out Singapore's Hyflux and Japan's Hitachi joint venture for the development of a water desalination plant at Dahej Special Economic Zone.
He said the two groups would organise a Singapore India Symposium in November to provide insights to Singapore companies about the initiatives of the new Indian government in New Delhi.
This would prepare Singapore companies to venture into Gujarat as well as other parts of India.
Tan said the IES and the Singapore Business Federation would be leading a delegation of businessmen and experts to Vibrant Gujarat, the 7th business summit.
Meanwhile, the Vibrant Gujarat would become an expanded business forum for the entire country as it would be supported by the Central Government this year, said Lalnunmawia Chuaungo, the Principal Secretary of Gujarat's Energy & Petrochemicals Department.
A big increase in overseas business community participation in the January summit was expected, though it was still early to state a specific delegation numbers, said Chuaungo who led the Gujarat business delegation to Singapore today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Motorola unveils new Moto G and Moto X on Fl...Motorola unveils new Moto G and Moto X, smartwatch
By Danish Khan ,  | 6 Sep, 2014, 02.31AM IST
0
Share More
Along with the Moto 360 smartwatch, Motorola will make the Moto X available later this month. The pricing of both the devices will be announced later.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Motorola Mobility sees India as one of its biggest markets globally, a top executive said, as the company that would soon become part of the Lenovo group launches upgraded versions of its smartphones and a new smartwatch. "The Indian market is massive and tremendously important to us. We completely believe in what we are doing here.
Now, we are able to grow on the portfolio we have," Senior Marketing Director Marcus Frost told ET on Friday. The company upgraded its smartphone portfolio with the launch of improved versions of the Moto G and Moto X smartphones. It is bringing these devices along with its first smartwatch, Moto 360, to India simultaneously with their global launches. Motorola has high ambitions from its new smartphones, Marcus said, and added that it will bring the next significant update of the Android operating system, Android L, to these new devices.
The latest Moto Gis available in the market starting Friday while the Moto X and the Moto 360 smartwatch will be available later this month.Marcus said the company has learnt a lot from the Moto G, which ran out of stock in the first couple of days of launch. "We corrected that instantly, which shows the might of Motorola at the background."Danish.Khan

Expect current bull market rally to sustain for several years: Dipen Sheth  HDFC SecExpect current bull market rally to sustain for several years: Dipen Sheth, HDFC Securities
ET Now Sep 5, 2014, 03.11PM IST
Tags:
Dipen Sheth
("Whether it is consumer…)
In a chat with ET Now, Dipen Sheth, Head-Institutional Research, HDFC Securities, shares his views on the markets. Excerpts:
ET Now: It is turning out to be a near perfect week for the Indian markets. What do you think is taking the markets up?
Dipen Sheth: We are seeing a confluence of positives, whether it is in terms of factors within the country such as signs of the inflation easing, bottoming out the economic cycle, or a little bit of cure in the twin deficits. There is some scepticism there, but directionally things are positive.
There had been a huge mood swing after the elections and now as the government moves forward and makes constructive moves, in terms of policy framework, the vibes that are going out serve to increase confidence. So whether it is consumer confidence, business confidence or investor confidence, there is a confluence of positives.
Globally, you have the United States in the midst of what looks like a very solid economic recovery and you have Europe not willing to let go of loose monetary policy. You have other emerging markets looking not so strong versus India, as they were six months ago, or in August last year.
Therefore, it is all coming together. A couple of factors might move this way or that and I would add softer oil prices to that mix. You have a potent mix here and it is a multi-year mix, because this is going to lead to earnings upgrade and PEs being upgraded.
Hence, there is going to be a lot of double whammies and in less than six months from now, people are going to make FY17 numbers and then get a little aggressive on FY16. So the momentum is just building up and it is too early to call it a bubble.
ET Now: How much of the good news is in the price, because investing is also about buying the right stock at the right price?
Dipen Sheth: Investing is a bit about timing, but mostly what we are trying to understand is where the pendulum is shifting. Any student of Physics will tell you that the stable position for the pendulum is in the middle. If it is swinging from a bad mood all the way to a good mood, the market is going to go up higher than you think.
Some bad boats will also float up in the tide and over a period of time a cleansing will happen and some not-so-deserving, let us say, midcaps which are run by dubious promoters with not-so-great credentials will have a bit of swing back, but the good stuff will continue to move up for a while.
The markets could get higher than where a rational investor might want them to go, just as in a bad cycle, the rational investor cannot stay liquid forever, but the markets can keep on ramming down prices almost forever. So this is going to happen for a while.
ET Now: Is it prudent to put your money in the midcap IT space, or for that matter auto ancillaries or midcap pharma as well, and diversify out of the Nifty names?
Dipen Sheth: It depends on your risk appetite. There are different funds. So you have funds called the top 200 or the Nifty-focused funds and so on.
These kinds of names are there in the mutual fund universe and they are primarily focused on the large names. There are clearly dedicated large cap funds, there are blended funds and then there are midcap funds.
  So it is not that you do not have to look at the midcaps. The midcaps are never midcaps forever. A lot of the midcaps have become large caps precisely because of cycles like this. So, there is an obscene amount of money to be made in midcaps, if you find the rights ones.
So this is a magnificent time for doing some deep down soul searching and stock picking and figuring out which is the next set of midcaps which is going to really break into the stratosphere and if on the large caps you will double your money in two or three years.
In the large caps, you will get 20-30% CAGR in probably 50 or 60% of the stocks, if you are lucky. For those who are willing to take a 20-30% CAGR over the next two or three years, the large caps are good enough.
ET Now: We have seen a massive PE expansion in pharma. Earnings are strong, but do pharma companies deserve PE multiples of 25 times, 30 times, or even 30 times plus?
Dipen Sheth: You have to look at it in the context of what pharma is capable of doing and what Indian pharma is capable of doing in a global context -- where healthcare costs in the US need to be managed and managed desperately, where Indian pharma has shown multiyear capability to deliver molecules and formulations at single digit percentage costs of what it takes to do so in the US.
So to me, the pharma opportunity for India is akin to what the IT opportunity is. We are very talented from a global perspective and we can deliver at a fraction of the global cost.

Facebook rolls out privacy checkup for all usersFacebook rolls out privacy checkup for all users
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
Facebook will make its ‘Privacy Checkup’ feature available to all of its 1.2 billion users globally to help them review and control who they share the information with on the world’s largest social networking website.
In May, Facebook had announced the privacy tool to reassure its users that they can control what they share and with whom on Facebook as part of its ongoing efforts.
“Earlier this year, we announced a new Privacy Checkup that walks you through a few quick steps to help make sure only the people you want can see your stuff. Today, we’re making it available around the world for people using Facebook on desktop,” it said in a statement.
The tool walks users through their privacy settings on Facebook to help them ensure they know with whom they are sharing information.
“We know people come to Facebook to connect with their friends, not with us. But we know how important it is for everyone to be in control of what they share and who they share it with... It’s part of an ongoing effort to put more control in people’s hands, at the moment they need it,” Facebook Product Manager Paddy Underwood said.
Using the tool, users can easily change the audience for their posts, contact information, remove old apps or update information in their profile.
“Our first Privacy Checkup helped people posting publicly make sure they were sharing with the right audience. We’ve redesigned and simplified our audience selectors across Facebook on desktop and mobile—now they explain the audience right where people post,” he said.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

S. Eastern Rly earnings jump 16% in April-AugustS. Eastern Rly earnings jump 16% in April-August
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 5:  
The South Eastern Railway (SER) has recorded a near 16 per cent jump in passenger earnings for the first five months of this fiscal (April to August) to Rs 688.13 crore.
The earnings stood at Rs 596 crore during the first five months of last fiscal.
Out of the Rs 688-odd crore collected, nearly 94 per cent or Rs 646 crore was from non-suburban traffic. The remaining Rs 42 crore was from suburban traffic.
However, of the 109 million passengers carried between April and August this year, 53 per cent (or 58 million) were sub-urban ones.
Passenger growth during this period was only marginal.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Sensex sheds 80 points; auto  bank stocks major losersSensex ends 59 points down on weak global cues, selling in blue-chips
PTI/Reuters
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
The benchmark Sensex today fell 59.23 points to end at 27,026.70, its second straight session of decline after logging new highs earlier this week, due to losses in blue-chips, including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Motors, amid a weak global trend.
Domestic stock markets opened on a better note with the 30-share BSE index Sensex touching the day’s high of 27,178.80 points in early trade. It later slipped below the 27,000-mark and touched the day’s low of 26,920.56 before ending at 27,026.70, registering a drop of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent.
Among Sensex 30 components, 17 stocks ended in the negative zone, while 13 closed higher.
On Thursday, the Sensex had lost 54.01 points. It had hit a life high of 27,225.85 and closed at a record peak of 27,139.94 on Wednesday.
Brokers said emergence of selling in stocks that had recently witnessed gains and a weak trend in global markets, led to the fall in major indices today.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also shed 9.1 points or 0.11 per cent to end at 8,086.85. During the session, the Nifty shuttled between 8,122.70 and 8,049.85.
Yesterday, it had fallen by 18.65 points.
Sectoral indices
Among the sectoral indices, the BSE Auto index dropped 0.65 per cent, followed by FMCG 0.32 per cent and Banking 0.3 per cent.
On the other hand, the BSE Realty index surged 1.15 per cent, followed by Capital Goods 0.86 per cent, Metal 0.69 per cent and IT 0.51 per cent, among others.
The BSE Small-cap index advanced 1.25 per cent and Mid-cap index added 0.56 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Asian, European markets
Asian shares and the euro slipped on Friday after the European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Investors await the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe’s main stock markets also dipped in late morning trade today after data showed the 18-nation euro zone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.
The euro was deep in the red on Friday, having suffered its steepest fall in three years after the European Central Bank stunned markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
The aggressive shift sent short-term bond yields into negative territory in Germany, France, the Netherlands and Austria, giving investors an overwhelming incentive to sell euros for higher-yielding assets elsewhere.
That stood in stark contrast to the United States, where upbeat data only reinforced the case for the Federal Reserve to wind down its stimulus, driving the dollar higher and sideswiping oil and gold in the process.
After surging to a 6-1/2 month high on Thursday, European share markets saw some minor profit taking as the US payrolls report loomed large later in the session. London's FTSE 100, the DAX in Frankfurt and CAC 40 in Paris were all around 0.1-0.2 per cent lower but this week's gains - the fourth in a row - took the pan-regional FTSEurofirst 300 index's rise since mid August to over 8 per cent.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Chandrababu wants to transform AP into a digitalstatePress Trust of India | Guntur | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:45 pm
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu on Friday said he wants the state to be a “digital AP”.
“Our Prime Minister Modi has an ambition to make the country a ‘Digital India’. Now I am thinking to transform Andhra Pradesh into ‘Digital AP’ prior to other states,” he said.
To achieve this vision, they are contemplating to provide ‘Wi-Fi’ service in all educational institutions of the state, Naidu said while addressing teachers and students on the ‘Gurupuja Utsav’ on Friday.
The chief minister said he is also planning to provide i-pads to all students to make them develop an awareness about Information Technology and also to reduce their burden of textbooks.
“Teaching new technology at an early age brings good results, instead of training at a higher age,” he said. “Young scientists and technocrats from the state are now leading the world in Information Technology and we are proud of them,” he said, adding that he has realised the importance of education along with technical and particularly IT knowledge for the students.
The state government has proposed to set up more higher educational institutions just as the Union government wants to establish more institutions like IIT and IIM. After these are set up, the services of best teachers of one institution would be utilised for students from other institutes through video conferencing, he said.
He also appealed the teaching community to strive for achieving 100 per cent literacy in the state in next five years. We are far away at 31st place in literacy rate in the country among other states, but at the same time in technology our state stands ahead, Naidu said.
The previous governments failed to identify  importance of education for socio-economic development and the state lagged behind in achieving higher literacy rate, he rued. On the occasion, he presented awards to 175 teachers adjudged best in the state and also felicitated two teachers who had taught him during his academic years.

Closing bell! Sensex loses 59 pts |  It s not a long-lasting correctionYou are here: Home > Collections > Banking
Sensex ends in red for second straight session; banks, auto decline
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 04.58PM IST
Tags:
Auto
(The S&P BSE Sensex closed…)
MUMBAI: The benchmark Sensex today fell 59.23 points to end at 27,026.70, its second straight session of decline after logging new highs earlier this week, on losses in bluechips including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Motors amid a weak global trend.
Domestic stock markets opened on a better note with the 30-scrip BSE Sensex touching the day's high of 27,178.80 points in early trade. It later slipped below the 27,000-mark and touched day's low of 26,920.56 before ending at 27,026.70, registering a drop of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent.
Among Sensex 30 components, 17 stocks ended in the negative zone, while 13 closed higher.
On Thursday, the Sensex had lost 54.01 points. It had hit life high of 27,225.85 and closed at record peak of 27,139.94 both on Wednesday.
Brokers said emergence of selling in stocks that had recently witnessed gains and a weak trend in global markets, led to the fall in major indices today.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also shed 9.10 points, or 0.11 per cent, to end at 8,086.85. During the session, the Nifty shuttled between 8,122.70 and 8,049.85. Yesterday, it had fallen by 18.65 points.
Among the sectoral indices, the BSE Auto index dropped 0.65 per cent, followed by FMCG 0.32 per cent and Banking index lost 0.30 per cent.
On the other hand, the BSE Realty index surged 1.15 per cent, followed by Capital Goods index 0.86 per cent, Metal index 0.69 per cent and IT index 0.51 per cent, among others.
The BSE Small-cap index advanced 1.25 per cent and Mid-cap index added 0.56 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Asian shares and the euro slipped Friday after European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Eyes are now on the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe's main stock markets also dipped in late morning trades today after data showed the 18-nation eurozone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Smart City scheme: State ministers meet on Sept. 12safety of citizens
The Union government has called a conference of State Ministers on September 12 in New Delhi to take a final call on the programme of Smart Cities.
Disclosing this after meeting Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa at the Secretariat in Chennai, Union Urban Development Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu told reporters on Friday that the project was in an "advanced stage of conceptualisation." Before finalising the project, the Minister said he wanted to have the views of States and this was why the conference.
During the 20-minute-long meeting, the Chief Minister requested the Union government to include 12 cities in the State including Chennai under the programme.

Amid Ebola crisis  is something worse comingSep 05, 2014, 04.09 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
Amid Ebola crisis, is something worse coming?
Analysts expect the economic damage from the virus, which has led to over 1,500 deaths in recent months, to be largely contained to Africa. Still, they warn that the risk of a pandemic that could have a devastating impact on world growth remains.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Amid Ebola crisis, is something worse coming?
Analysts expect the economic damage from the virus, which has led to over 1,500 deaths in recent months, to be largely contained to Africa. Still, they warn that the risk of a pandemic that could have a devastating impact on world growth remains.
Post your opinion here
 
The worst outbreak of Ebola to date serves as a timely reminder of the threat deadly viruses pose to the world economy.
Border closures, the suspension of some international flights and slowed economic activity have already hit the west African countries worst affected by Ebola.
Analysts expect the economic damage from the virus, which has led to over 1,500 deaths in recent months, to be largely contained to Africa. Still, they warn that the risk of a pandemic that could have a devastating impact on world growth remains.
"On a regional scale, we have already seen geopolitical implications of the Ebola outbreak with flight cancellations and significantly impaired trade and human mobility," said Vikas Shah, CEO of Swiscot, a global textiles firm and a professor who`s been following the Ebola crisis closely.
"Should a novel or other virus emerge with high mortality and ease of transmission, it could lock-up our global economy quite fast," he said, adding that some studies suggest that the cost of a major flu-pandemic could be almost $200 billion in the U.S. alone.
At its worst, a severe flu pandemic could cost 4.8 percent of global gross domestic product (GDP), or more than USD 3 trillion, sparking a global recession, Olga Jonas, economic adviser, health, nutrition and population at the World Bank wrote on the organization`s website late last year.
"What we can say confidently is that there is a high chance of another case of pandemic. We travel more often, so viruses can spread more easily," said Dr Jonathan O`Keeffe, medical director at International SOS, a leading medical and travel security risk services company that employs over 10,000 people working in 70 countries. "We don`t know which virus it will be and when, but sadly we do know it`s coming."
Remember SARS?
The spread of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) in 2003, mostly in Asia, showed just how damaging a fast-spreading virus can be to the world economy.
GDP in Hong Kong (one of the worst-hit countries) and Singapore tumbled more than 2 percent in the June quarter of 2003 as a result of the virus, which infected about 8,000 people.
"While the number infected was not that great, SARS had a big negative impact on the countries most affected as people stayed home for fear of catching it," Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy and chief economist at AMP Capital, wrote in a note last month looking at the implications of Ebola.
Consumers staying at home because they fear catching a virus means fewer retail sales and less travel, hurting an economy in addition to the damage suffered from the absence of sick workers and disrupted supply-chains.
"Not withstanding the terrible human impact of Ebola - the effect caused by an outbreak on regional air traffic can be significant," said James Stamp, head of transport at KPMG, speaking about the impact of the Ebola outbreak on the aviation industry.
"In 2003, the SARS virus caused an 8 percent reduction in traffic (worth USD 6 billion of revenues) in Asia-Pacific, the affected region. Outside of Asia, US airlines attributed a USD 1 billion reduction in revenues to SARS," he added.
The World Health Organisation, which declared the Ebola outbreak an international public health emergency early last month, has not issued a general ban on international travel and trade.
Experts say catching Ebola requires direct contact with someone who has had the disease, so this means the risk of Ebola spreading through air travel is lower than air-born or respiratory diseases.
"Our base case scenario (with a 90 percent probability) is that Ebola remains essentially contained to Africa," said AMP Capital`s Oliver. "This suggests that while there might be a bit of short-term volatility around Ebola scares, there is unlikely to be a major impact on share markets."
No to complacency
Still, the Ebola outbreak, the largest and longest on record, highlights the need not to be complacent about the risks posed by deadly viruses.
"Many of my friends who are in the medical-world are quite startled that there isn`t more being done at international borders to check for `warning flags` of potential illness for flights travelling from high-risk areas," said Swiscot`s Shah. "My gut-feel is that there is a disconnect between the serious warnings given by global-health practitioners and a lack of will on governments to act."
That concern was also reflected by the World Bank`s Jonas, who wrote last year that pandemic risk is "under-managed" by governments.
O`Keeffe at International SOS, which has been advising companies on Ebola response planning,said he tries to encourage companies to adopt preventative measures and ensure that they have a "tried and tested" pandemic response plan in place.
"For an organization to recover quickly from a pandemic it has to take swift action," he said. "For instance if there is a pandemic outbreak in South America, has a company put in a place an action plan on how this would impact its plant in China?"
Experts add that the Ebola crisis shows that early intervention, surveillance and treatment can help contain a deadly virus.
"Ebola is unlikely to have the same impact on the global economy as SARS, but there is still a need to not be complacent," said KPMG`s Stamp.
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

Singaporeans value new skills over pay rise: SurveySep 05, 2014, 04.04 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
Singaporeans value new skills over pay rise: Survey
55 percent of Singaporeans surveyed said they would trade higher wages and career advancements for self-development opportunities, much higher than 43 percent in Malaysia, 42 percent in Hong Kong, 37 percent in Thailand and 30 percent in China.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Singaporeans value new skills over pay rise: Survey
55 percent of Singaporeans surveyed said they would trade higher wages and career advancements for self-development opportunities, much higher than 43 percent in Malaysia, 42 percent in Hong Kong, 37 percent in Thailand and 30 percent in China.
Post your opinion here
 
Singaporeans show the most interest in upgrading their career skills in Asia, according to a global survey of 230,000 people by recruitment firm Kelly Services.
55 percent of Singaporeans surveyed said they would trade higher wages and career advancements for self-development opportunities, much higher than 43 percent in Malaysia, 42 percent in Hong Kong, 37 percent in Thailand and 30 percent in China.
"Climbing the corporate ladder is clearly important to people, but frequently not as important as developing the skills that will give them the capability and confidence to realize their long-term potential," wrote Mark Hall, Vice President and Country Manager at Kelly Services Singapore in a note.
The frequency of career development discussions with management factors into how willing employees are in broadening their skillset. 44 percent of workers in Singapore - mostly in marketing, engineering and IT - have career development discussions with their employers, putting the city-state 6 percentage points above the global average.
Does age matter?
Singapore`s baby boomers - born between 1946 and 1964 - are the most motivated when it comes to acquiring new work-related skills, followed by Generation-Y and Generation X, the study showed. Gen-X are born between 1966 and 1976 while the Gen-Y are born between 1977 to 1994.
"Baby boomers have a more tangible appreciation of how skills [can help to] realize long-term career potential [but] Gen-Y may find that the skills they acquired during their higher education are still relevant," Kelly`s Hall wrote in an email.
"I`m inclined towards acquiring new skills to raise my negotiating power for better pay in the future. With skills, money will come naturally," said 29-year-old Mr Kua, the key account manager at a cosmetics and beauty firm in Singapore.
For Singaporean Phua K.W., Gen-X employees face age disadvantages and family commitments that discourage them from broadening their skillsets.
"Who doesn`t want to learn new things but if I give up this opportunity for a promotion, will I still get it next time? Age is against me," said the 44-year-old. "Also, when you`re at the age when you need to bring home the bacon, upgrading skills takes the back seat."
Moving forward
This emphasis on skills will continue to rise as Millenials - the demographic cohort following Gen-Y - join the workforce.
"Younger workers enjoy teamwork and are constantly on the lookout for creative ways to solve problems. Hence, they look forward to opportunities to build new skills and stay ahead in a rapidly changing economy," wrote Stella Tang, Managing Director of Robert Half in Singapore.
Recent government efforts also play a significant role.
"The recommendations from the Aspire Committee are very encouraging, and will make it even easier for Singapore`s employers to support the continuous development of their staff," Kelly`s Hall said, referring to the Applied Study in Polytechnics and ITE Review (ASPIRE) Committee who made recommendations to improve the job prospects of non-university graduates last month. Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong also mentioned last month the need for a "cultural shift" in employment practices and mindsets to focus on skills over qualifications.
"As competition for business and talent heats up in the region, the Singapore Government [is] helping Singaporeans acquire new skills and raise productivity in order to embark on new career paths and engage in higher value work to enable future growth," noted Tang.
Singapore has been trying to raise productivity levels in order to maintain economic growth amid an aging population. The Southeast Asian city-state has one of the world`s lowest unemployment rates; unemployment stood at 2 percent in the April-June period compared with 3.6 percent in Japan, 6.3 percent in the U.S. and 6.9 percent in the UK.
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

Artech Power Products: Outcome of board meeting (EGM on Sept 30  2014)Sep 05, 2014, 04.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Artech Power Products: Outcome of board meeting (EGM on Sept 30, 2014)
Artech Power Products has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held September 05, 2014, has transacted the following: 1. The Board of Directors of the Company has approved to increase the Equity Authorised Capital of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Artech Power Products: Outcome of board meeting (EGM on Sept 30, 2014)
Artech Power Products has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held September 05, 2014, has transacted the following: 1. The Board of Directors of the Company has approved to increase the Equity Authorised Capital of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Artech Power Products Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held September 05, 2014, has transacted the following:1. The Board of Directors of the Company has approved to increase the Equity Authorised Capital of the Company.2. The Board of Directors of the Company has authorize, recommended and approved the preferential Issue to the interested investors of the Company.3. The Board of Directors of the Company wishes to call the Extra Ordinary General Meeting of the members of the Company on September 30, 2014 at 11.00 A.M. at the Registered office of the Company.4. The Board of Directors of the Company has approved the appointment of Mr. Rikenkumar N Vira as an Additional Director of the Company.Source : BSE

Starbucks plans new store designs - upscale in Seattle  speedy in New YorkStarbucks Corp. Dining and Drinking McDonald's Howard D. Schultz
Starbucks Corp. on Friday announced two new types of stores aimed at capturing the growing demand for upscale reserve coffee and a separate test of an "express" store in Manhattan offering speedy service in a city where a "New York minute" is more like a nanosecond.
The moves from the world's biggest coffee chain come as it faces growing competition from high-end craft coffee sellers such as Stumptown Coffee Roasters, Blue Bottle Coffee and Intelligentsia, as well as from fast-food chains ranging from McDonald's to Dunkin Donuts to newcomer Chick-fil-A.
Starbucks said it plans to open a "first of its kind" 15,000-square-foot small-batch reserve roastery in the hipster Capitol Hill neighborhood of its Seattle home market in December.
The company will consolidate roasting of its reserve offerings, including Geisha and Jamaica Blue Mountain, in the facility, which will house a store, a tasting room and a cafe devoted to its reserve coffees.

ECB action alone can t lift gloom over Europe...and
versions
LONDON (AP) — Europe has gotten another dose of stimulus. But the latest medicine by itself will not bring life to an economy that over the past six years has slid from crisis to crisis.
Though the European Central Bank surprised markets Thursday with the broad thrust of its stimulus measures, most economists think the 18-country eurozone will continue to lag its counterparts, including the United States, for years.
Several eurozone countries are still grappling with high public debt that keeps a lid on spending that would otherwise help growth — new roads and schools, for example. And the No. 2 and No. 3 economies, France and Italy, have been slow in reforming their economies to make it easier for companies to do business and hire.
Meanwhile, low inflation threatens to turn into an outright fall in prices — something that could hurt consumer spending as shoppers wait for prices to drop. The economy is expected to grow slowly at best, after not expanding at all in the second quarter, when the crisis in Ukraine also weighed on confidence. Unemployment is proving hard to bring down — at 11.5 percent it is only marginally down from the peak 12 percent last summer.
That's why the ECB, the central bank for the eurozone, came up with another rescue package just three months after its previous one. As well as cutting its benchmark interest rate from 0.15 percent to a record low of 0.05 percent, it announced a program to buy bundles of bank loans that aims to stimulate bank lending to businesses and households. Details of the program — in particular, its size — remain to be filled in.
The measures are likely to provide some immediate support to the economy by reducing the value of the euro, a boon to the region's exporters. On Friday, the euro languished a little above the 14-month low of $1.2920 it struck in the wake of the ECB's announcements.
Beyond that, however, economists say the latest measures alone cannot heal the economy. As ECB President Mario Draghi keeps saying, the ECB can only do so much. Governments need to make reforms — and spend more where possible.
"The truth of the matter remains this: no amount of ECB 'action' will change the grim outlook for the eurozone if politicians do not confront the need for, and implementation of radical reforms," said Marc Ostwald, market strategist at ADM Investor Services International.
CHANGE NEEDED: Until 2012, when politicians and the ECB were fighting to keep the euro alive, the single currency zone was held back by countries that were hit hard by the debt crisis, such as Greece, Portugal and Spain. Now, following years of reform, those countries are slowly improving, and it's the larger, richer countries that are being blamed for the current economic morass: France, Italy and even Germany.
France's economy is stagnating. Its Socialist president, Francois Hollande, is trying to cut taxes for businesses and reduce government spending but is facing so much political resistance he had to reform a new government this summer.
Italy, which has the second-highest debt burden in the eurozone after Greece, has seen its economy shrink in 11 of the past 12 quarters. Matteo Renzi, the youthful premier, is under pressure to deliver on big promises to overhaul the economy and legal system. The clogged courts, which hinder resolution of contract disputes, and tough worker protections, for example, continue to discourage investment.
Germany, meanwhile, has low unemployment and a balanced budget but is balking at calls to spend more on infrastructure and reduce taxes to boost consumption, measures that could help growth across the region.
In the end, it's all about confidence. Employers are reluctant to hire when they know they can't adjust their workforces for the ups and downs of the economy. Starting a business in many parts of Europe takes time because of the paperwork and permissions required. And taxes tend to be high to pay for social welfare.
Spain has been one of the standouts of late in reforming its economy — and has seen stronger growth as a result, though unemployment remains sky-high at 24.5 percent.
ECB BACKSTOP: As some governments delay reforms, and Germany continues to insist on fiscal restraint, the ECB risks being asked to help out again. That means it may have to use the last weapon in its armory — creating massive amounts of new money to buy large amounts of government bonds.
Thursday's stimulus will create new money, but at a small scale. The market for the assets it will buy — asset-backed securities, which are essentially bundled bank loans — is nowhere near as large as that for government bonds.
Draghi confirmed Thursday the ECB had discussed buying government bonds, a policy other central banks such as the U.S. Federal Reserve and Bank of England have pursued.
Such a program, commonly referred to as quantitative easing, or QE, can drive down market interest rates, making it cheaper for businesses and consumers to borrow.
Some think the ECB won't go for it. The idea is unpopular in Germany, the biggest eurozone member. Its benefits are uncertain at a time when the interest rates on an array of bonds are already low. And, some argue, that it would take the pressure off governments to enact the very reforms Draghi has been harping on.
Yet the 24 members of the ECB's governing council might not feel they have a choice if the economy does not improve and inflation doesn't edge higher in coming months.
"More stimulus now suggests the Council is likely to want to pause and evaluate the impact of these measures before taking further steps of any kind in the near future, buying time for the outlook to improve," said Royal Bank of Scotland economist Richard Barwell.

Trapped men start to come out of Bosnian coal mine...Bosnia Mine Collapses, 5 Coal Miners Believed Killed
 | By                                                                SABINA NIKSIC and AMER COHADZIC
Posted:
reddit
ZENICA, Bosnia-Herzegovina (AP) — Exhausted, dusty but happy to be alive, 29 miners were pulled out one by one Friday from a trouble-plagued coal mine that collapsed a day earlier in central Bosnia. They left behind five men, presumed dead under rubble deep underground and beyond the reach of rescuers.
Emergency workers had dug through more than 100 meters (330 feet) of collapsed mine tunnels 500 meters below the surface to reach the trapped men.
Families of those who were left behind broke down in tears as authorities closed the pit entrance.
"We could not reach that group of people," said rescue worker Amir Arnaut. "We could only reach the first group."
Officials said that an investigation will be launched to determine the cause of the accident, but they suggested it was linked to a 3.5 magnitude earthquake which hit the town of Zenica on Thursday afternoon, according to Bosnia's seismologists. The tremor caused a pressure burst and a gas blast which collapsed the mine, officials said.
It was the third incident at the Zenica pits this year, underscoring the vulnerability of the mines in Bosnia and elsewhere in the Balkans, which are generally poorly secured and where miners work with outdated equipment and little protection.
Once communist Yugoslavia's pride, mines likes the ones in Zenica have been badly maintained, and have seen almost no investment and modernization as the region was engulfed in an ethnic conflict in 1990s.
The rescued men, blinking as they faced daylight, emerged from the mine to cries of joy from their families.
"He is alive!" cried Admira Durakovic, whose husband Amir was among the miners. She then broke down, sobbing and shaking.
Twenty-six miners were taken to a hospital, six of them badly hurt, but none suffered life-threatening injuries, doctors said.
Alija Celebic, a retired miner, waited for his son Bego, one of the survivors. Celebic said his son was hurt in the same pit only few weeks ago, but recently returned to work.
"All is good as long as he is alive!" he exclaimed.
The families and union leaders accused the management of responding poorly to the latest collapse, particularly in first claiming that only eight workers were trapped. Union leaders said it was seven hours after the blast before authorities brought in rescue machinery.
Sixteen miners — a total of 430 work in the pit — were hurt in two previous gas explosions, the most recent less than four weeks ago. The mine was the site of one of the greatest mining tragedies in Bosnia's history, when 39 miners died in a gas explosion in 1982.
Mine manager Esad Civic conceded that the Zenica mine — once among the most modern in Europe — is now far from the world standard, following Bosnia's 1992-95 war that impoverished the country. But he insisted that accidents are unavoidable when mining deep underground.
Nuraga Duranovic, a mining inspector, said the deaths cannot be officially confirmed until the bodies are found. Officials said efforts to recover the bodies will continue on Saturday.
He said 22 other miners managed to get out of the pit Thursday, two of whom were injured.
Muris Tutnjic, one of those who got out Thursday, returned to the site Friday to show his support. He said the underground blast "just blew us away."
"I was alone. ... Thank God I managed to pull myself out," Tutnjic told The Associated Press. "My colleagues ... they were some 200, 300, maybe 400 meters (yards) away from me, they got covered."
___
Jovana Gec contributed from Belgrade, Serbia.
More:

15 students could get to ask PM Modi questions today15 students could get to ask PM Modi questions today
Midcaps & smallcaps buck trendMidcaps & smallcaps buck trend
Motorola unveils new phones  smartwatch with FlipkartMotorola unveils new phones  smartwatch with Flipkart
Ukraine set to sign peace plan with rebelsUkraine set to sign peace plan with rebels
Drug deal faces tough testDrug deal faces tough test
Rupee route for Maruti royalty billRupee route for Maruti royalty bill
Menon Bearings: Appointment of DirectorSep 05, 2014, 04.24 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Menon Bearings: Appointment of Director
Menon Bearings has informed that the Board of Directors has appointed Mrs. Nazura Ajaney as an Additional Independent Director of the Company for a period 5 years w.e.f. September 04, 2014 till September 03, 2019 subject to approval of shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Menon Bearings: Appointment of Director
Menon Bearings has informed that the Board of Directors has appointed Mrs. Nazura Ajaney as an Additional Independent Director of the Company for a period 5 years w.e.f. September 04, 2014 till September 03, 2019 subject to approval of shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Menon Bearings Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors has appointed Mrs. Nazura Ajaney as an Additional Independent Director of the Company for a period 5 years w.e.f. September 04, 2014 till September 03, 2019 subject to approval of shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.Source : BSE

Buy Cox & Kings; target of Rs 343: KRChokseyLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Cox & Kings; target of Rs 343: KRChoksey
KRChoksey is bullish on Cox & Kings and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 343 in its September 5, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
KRChoksey research report on  Cox & Kings
C&K reported revenue of Rs 739 crore (+26%, YoY) which is above our  expectation based on strong performance by Leisure India Rs 166 crore (+14%, YoY), Leisure International Rs 120 crore (+12%. YoY), Education Rs 252 crore (+37%, YoY), Meininger Rs 99 crore & camping Rs 90 crore (+1%, YoY). Education & Meininger have performed well as product mix. Management indicated overall 15% business growth outlook for Education business in FY15E. PGL business grew by 26% YoY and expected to perform at same level in current year.
EBITDA Rs 351 crore (+27%, YoY) led Leisure India Rs 102 crore (+13%, YoY), Leisure International Rs 27 crore (+17%. YoY), Education Rs 153 crore (+16%, YoY), Meininger Rs 49 crore (+113%, YoY) & camping Rs 24 crore (-38%, YoY). Better capacity utilization 75% and advance booking of Education business led to expansion of margins. Further, management indicated similar levels of capacity utilization for full year. International leisure business did well in Middle East and Europe and India business showed traction with Inbound business.
COXK is a leader in tourism industry with 30% market share in domestic outbound market & naturally beneficiary to government focus on tourism with burgeoning income level to middle class. Considering higher capacity utilizations in Education business, we change our consol EBITDA of Rs 864 crore & Rs 1004 crore (from Rs 833 crore & Rs 957 crore) for FY15E & FY16E financial and upgrade 7x EV/ EBITDA (from 6x) to Education business. We recommend ‘BUY” with TP of Rs 343.
For all recommendations,  click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Hathway Cable & Datacom: Outcome of EGMSep 05, 2014, 04.21 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hathway Cable & Datacom: Outcome of EGM
Hathway Cable & Datacom has informed that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hathway Cable & Datacom: Outcome of EGM
Hathway Cable & Datacom has informed that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Hathway Cable & Datacom Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

India-ASEAN FTA soon: Rajeev KherThe Hindu Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher. File photo: Kamal Narang
TOPICS
trade agreements
India on Wednesday said it has received the free trade agreements on services and investments with ASEAN and it will “shortly” sign the pact.
Signing of the two pacts — FTA in services and investments — were scheduled during the India-ASEAN Economic Ministers meeting in Myanmar last week. But the meeting was postponed as Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman was not able to attend the meet due to domestic compulsions.
India and the 10-nation ASEAN had concluded the negotiations for FTA in services and investments in 2012.
“Unfortunately because the Minister has compelling engagements here, she could not attend the Ministerial meeting last week but we now have received the agreements on Services and Investments and the Minister would shortly sign them,” Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher said here at a function.
India has proposed circulation process for signing the pact with ASEAN.
Under the circulation process, each member will separately sign the agreement and it will become effective only after the last member signs the pact.
In December last year, the Union Cabinet had approved the free trade agreement between India and the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN). Unlike in India, ASEAN members have to approach their respective Parliaments for ratification of such pacts.
The agreement, if implemented, will help boost movement of Indian professionals in the ASEAN region. It will also facilitate more investments in the services sector.
Trade between India and South East nations’ bloc ASEAN stood at about USD 76 billion in 2012-13. Both sides aim to increase it to USD 100 billion by 2015.
The ASEAN members are: Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam.

Broadway hits yield huge returnsBroadway hits yield huge returns for investors
By Sophia Yan  @sophia_yan September 4, 2014: 11:45 AM ET
The Phantom of the Opera, which opened in 1988, is Broadway's longest-running show.
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Broadway shows are celebrated for their glitz and glamour. But they would never get to opening night without rich investors willing to bet on the next big hit.
The difficult task of financing a Broadway production starts about a year before the premiere. Shows cost millions to produce, and four out of five lose money.
But if the production is a smash hit, investors stand to earn truckloads of cash.
"Investing in Broadway shows is like drilling for oil," said Ken Davenport, a Tony Award-winning Broadway producer. "You have to drill a lot of holes, but once you get a gusher, that thing just gushes for a long time."
The Phantom of the Opera -- the longest-running Broadway show and the most successful production ever -- has grossed $5.6 billion worldwide since it opened more than 25 years ago.
That kind of success has lured financiers looking for a different kind of investment -- a moneymaker that supports the arts and can also be enjoyed by members of the public.
Broadway sold tickets worth $1.3 billion last year, bringing in 12.2 million people. That tops the combined attendance for the 10 professional sports teams in New York and New Jersey.
Cashing in big isn't the only draw. There are also plenty of insider bonuses.
"If you buy 100 shares of Coca-Cola ( CCE ), they're not going to send you a free six pack," Davenport said. "The cool thing about investing in Broadway is that there are a ton of perks -- you'll get tickets to opening night, parties, industry events ... and you could be eligible to win a Tony Award."
Related: Wealthy investors flock to fine art funds
Broadway producers are responsible for pitching their musicals or plays to investors -- much like an IPO roadshow. There's usually a minimum investment of $25,000 -- though that gives investors little say, if any, in the production.
Many producers also take a stake as a show of confidence, and don't see a cent until other investors recover their capital.
"I always put my own money in ... I must have skin in the game -- there's no question about it," said Tony-nominated producer Amanda Lipitz.
 
What's your Emmy worth?
While most profits come from ticket sales, popular shows often develop other revenue streams.
Investors -- called "angels" in industry jargon -- can turn an even greater profit once popular shows begin touring, sell movie rights or are licensed for school performances.
"A portion of that money does drip back to the original investors," Davenport said. "There's a tremendous amount of money that can come in that way."
Related: Disney plans to milk 'Frozen' success
Musicals can cost $7 million to $15 million depending on the show. Spiderman, the most expensive Broadway production in history, cost a whopping $75 million. Plays are cheaper to stage -- between $2 million and $4 million -- but they have less time to recoup costs as they usually have a shorter run.
Investing in Broadway has typically been a private affair limited to wealthy individuals who are already connected to the scene. The SEC requires Broadway investors to have a net worth of at least $1 million, or make $200,000 a year.
Some producers are working to solicit new investors through the Internet, and production houses have begun to offer theater funds that invest in a basket of shows.
Experts say there's no magic formula to picking the next hit. Rumor has it that Les Misérables -- now the fifth longest-running Broadway show -- wasn't popular with investors.
But, as they say, the show must go on.
"The investors really are angels, I believe," Lipitz said. "The show wouldn't happen without them."
First Published: September 3, 2014: 10:31 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Markets scale new peaks on rising foreign fund inflowsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Sanlam to spend $52 million to raise India insurance stakeYou are here: Home Industries
Sanlam to Spend $52 Million to Raise India Insurance Stake
Reuters | Updated On: September 04, 2014 13:27 (IST)
Apple Unveils the Watch, Larger iPhones at Star-Studded Event
Johannesburg:
Sanlam Ltd, South Africa's largest insurer by market value, plans to spend up to 550 million rand ($52 million) to increase its stake in the insurance arm of India's Shriram Group to 49 per cent by the end of the year, its chief executive said on Thursday.
The company, which has a 3.3 billion rand warchest for expansion in its Indian and African operations, is also scouring Ghana and Kenya for possible acquisitions, Johan van Zyl told Reuters.
"The key is to build our footprint in Africa. In India we have seen some movement toward lifting the foreign direct investment limit of 26 per cent to 49 per cent," he said.
The company has already spent another 1.5 billion rand on expansion since January.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Union Bank to Raise Rs 1386 Crore Through QIPYou are here: Home Market
Union Bank to Raise Rs 1386 Crore Through QIP
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 04, 2014 16:31 (IST)
Voltas Surges; Options Market Bets on More Gains
Kolkata:
Union Bank of India (UBI) will raise Rs 1,386 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP) this financial year, its chairman and managing director Arun Tiwari said.
"We are planning to raise Rs 1,386 crore through QIP which we plan to raise in the second quarter of this fiscal. If not, then the money will be definitely raised by the end of this financial year", Mr Tiwari told reporters on the sidelines of Ficci Banking Conclave here today.
The bank had already got the approval of the shareholders and RBI in this regard, he said.
Stating that the bank's aim was to increase profitability and not just reducing NPAs, he said recovery had improved while incidences of bad assets had declined.
He said the bank sold Rs 325 crore worth of bad assets last fiscal.
On the recently launched JanDhan financial inclusion programme, Mr Tiwari said that the bank had opened 9.95 lakh accounts under the scheme so far.
Mr Tiwari said the bank was eyeing a business growth of 11-12 per cent this year, with 10 per cent in deposits and 12 per cent in advances.
The bank, he said, would soon upgrade its Sydney representative office into a full-fledged branch.
Mr Tiwari said the contribution of overseas business was four per cent now.
"We are aiming to take this to 8-10 10 per cent in the next five years", he said.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 16:29 (IST)

Dedicated berth for coastal ships at Vizag portUpdated: August 12, 2014 22:30 IST
Dedicated berth for coastal ships at Vizag port
Santosh Patnaik
waterway and maritime transport
The Visakhapatnam port will develop a dedicated berth for coastal shipping within six months. Port Chairman M.T. Krishna Babu said the berth would help save time in handling coastal cargo. At present, clearance from customs was necessary for coastal ships along with foreign vessels, which caused a lot of delay in evacuation of cargo.
The berth with a draft of 14 metres would come up at West Quay-10 return end in an area of 300 metres between East Quay-10 and West Quay-8. Due to Cabotage law, foreign vessels were prohibited from lift cargo for discharge between two Indian ports.
Ships with a deadweight tonnage of 40,000 to 45,000 and containers numbering 500 to 1,000 could easily be berthed at the new facility.
Sravan Shipping Services Managing Director G. Sambasiva Rao told The Hindu that the decision would give a fillip to coastal shipping. This was a long-awaited demand from port users. This would be useful for thermal coal loaded at Visakhapatnam for discharge at Chennai and cargo meant for Essar for unloading at Hazira.
Coastal ships, which moved from one Indian port to another, would also sometimes act as feeder vessels for shifting cargo to mother vessels carrying large volumes to global destinations.
Mega projects
Work on two major projects finalised by the port was expected to begin soon once few issues were sorted out. Upgradation of existing one and creation of new facility for handling iron ore in the Outer Harbour at an estimated cost of Rs.845 crore had been finalised. The project that had been awarded to Vadinar Oil Terminal Limited, part of Essar Ports Ltd, envisaged handling 23 million tonnes.
The extension of container terminal to enhance capacity by 0.54 million TEU (twenty equivalent units) has been awarded to Visakha Container Terminal at a cost of Rs.633.11 crore.

A heartfelt mission to end career hookupsSeptember 4, 2014 1:16 pm
A heartfelt mission to end career hookups
By Emma Jacobs
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8c5d408a-2f63-11e4-a79c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The founder of dating website eHarmony wants to inspire monogamy in the workplaceSeptember 4, 2014 1:16 pm
A heartfelt mission to end career hookups
By Emma Jacobs
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8c5d408a-2f63-11e4-a79c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Samsung vs. LG: The head-to-head refrigerator challengeDesign
Smooth Elegance or Industrial Sturdiness
The Samsung RH29H9000SR and the LG LSC22991ST have remarkably different aesthetics, but their respective layouts are more or less the same: Both products have door-mounted icemakers, through-the-door dispensers, and bright LED lighting.
The Food Showcase focuses on minimizing seams: Tall lines, thin edges, and mostly unbroken exterior surfaces result in a fridge that looks both elegant and vaguely futuristic.
LG’s fridge looks and feels more industrial. It has handles that operate like those found on a car door, and a sense of weight that makes everything feel sturdy and firm. The interior color scheme is made up entirely of white plastic and metal trim, while the Samsung throws in a bit of color with two blue shelves.
The fact is, these are two aesthetically different but incredibly attractive refrigerators. At the end of the day, each consumer’s taste is unique, so in the spirit of objectivity, we have to give these fridges equal credit for exploring new designs that are both stylish and new.
Winner: Tie
Performance
It’s all about the cooling
Regardless of how pretty or efficient or accessible a fridge is, it’s worthless without the ability to cool food. Both of these fridges do a great job, but there are some subtle differences.
Samsung's typical touch screen controls allow you to manipulate the fridge.
The Food Showcase is by far one of the best refrigerators we’ve ever tested. Test materials were cooled to perfect levels of 37°F and 0°F in the fridge and freezer, respectively, with almost no temperature variation over time. That means longer-lasting produce, minimal (if any) freezer burn, and the ability to move food from one shelf to another as needed.
The LG's touch screen controls are both subtle and responsive. View Larger
Conversely, the LG—while excellent—couldn’t quite match the Samsung’s prowess. The freezer was perfect, but in the fridge we noticed a pronounced increase in warmth from the top of the fresh food compartment to the bottom. We test fridges with the thermostat set to 37°F, and that’s what we got at the top. Down by the crisper, however, we recorded average temperatures of 42°F. Bacteria wakes up to get jiggy with your lettuce around 41°F.
While you certainly can turn the thermostat down to compensate, this lack of consistent cooling throughout the compartment is an undeniable black mark on the LG’s record.
Winner: Samsung
Price
Neck and neck
The MSRPs for both products are pretty darn close: Samsung’s Showcase goes for $2,999, while the LG will hit you up for $2,699.99. Current retail figures for the Showcase drop prices down to a range of roughly $2,095 to $2,400. At the cheapest, that’s a decrease of nearly $1,000. On the other hand, retailers are churning out the LG door-in-door for between $1,989 and $2,699—almost the full MSRP.
The Samsung's lower average price gives it a serious edge over the LG.
The LG is actually at an inherent disadvantage here. Despite offering less storage space overall, counter-depth fridges tend to cost more because they’re considered somewhat of a specialty product. It’s true that the LG boasts a greater potential discount, but the Samsung's lower average price (about $200-$300 depending on the retailer) gives it a serious edge.
Winner: Samsung
Door-in-Door
Full-length or half-length?
Now we come to the main feature that sets these machines apart from a sea of otherwise similar fridges: door-in-door storage.
LG is one of the initial proponents of door-in-door in the American market, but the company has repurposed its traditional half-door design in the new LSC22991ST. Accessible by the simple push of a button, the door-in-door compartment provides a lot storage space, including one shelf that slides up and down with a built-in drawer for a touch of customization. A plastic “shell” covering (purportedly) keeps too much cold air from escaping, but it can be a bit of a pain when you want to access larger items in the main fridge cavity.
Samsung comes at this design from a different angle, breaking up the entire fridge door into an inner and outer panel.  The outer door is coated with a Metal Cooling sheet, which also (purportedly) helps keep the interior cold. None of the shelves are adjustable, though some near the bottom do slide out for easier access. Several storage areas are equipped with folding wire bars for improved organization, as well as removable plastic dividers.
Which is better? Well, that really depends on what you’re buying. The Samsung makes it easier to access food from either side, especially large items, but the slightly superior customizable compartment in the LG could be more appealing for spur-of-the-moment, European-style grocery shoppers. In this case, we have to leave the final decision up to you.
Winner: Tie
Efficiency
Both spatial and electrical
When we test for a fridge’s efficiency , we take a two-pronged approach. The first—energy efficiency—is to be expected. Here, the Samsung and LG are essentially standing on equal ground. Both products are very efficient, even with their icemakers running.
Both products are very efficient, even with their icemakers running.
Spatial efficiency is a little less obvious. What you see on a store display in terms of internal space is a bit misleading. That number doesn’t take into account space taken up by shelves, light bulbs, water filters, or any other “optional” piece of hardware.
What we do in our tests is take all of those things into account, measuring the usable storage space inside any given fridge. Using a ratio of usable space to advertised space, we’re able to compare two fridges like this Samsung and LG without giving the larger unit any unfair advantage.
With that in mind… they’re still actually on fairly even ground. The LG offers marginally less freezer space proportional to the Samsung , but not enough to sway this category in favor of one or the other. Sure, the plastic screen on the LG door-in-door compartment may make accessing some of its shelves trickier, but that doesn’t have any impact on the actual amount of available storage.
Winner: Tie
The Final Verdict
From the outside, only the recessed handles indicate that this Samsung is different from a normal side-by-side. View Larger
It’s Samsung for the win! Unless…
The judges have finished tallying the votes, and the results are in: Ultimately, the Samsung Food Showcase has proven to be the superior fridge, winning on the strength of its cooling prowess and lower average retail cost.
Of course, buying a new appliance is always going to be—at least partially—a subjective affair. If you need something that’s a counter-depth fridge, the LG will always be the better choice for you regardless of how much data is available about the Showcase's performance.
If trends are anything to go by, more fridges of this kind are bound to keep coming out. The available variety will continue to expand to accommodate as many tastes as there are consumers. Even if you aren’t currently looking for a fancy new fridge at the moment, make sure you keep doing your research to remain an informed consumer. As the saying goes: Won't hurt, might help.
Samsung RH29H9000SR 28.5 Cu. Ft. Stainless Steel Side-by-Side Refrigerator
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Reviewed.com In Your Inbox

Key investors sell stake in Michael KorsSeptember 5, 2014 1:17 am
Key investors sell stake in Michael Kors
By Elizabeth Paton in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ad79bcb2-3486-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gary Silverman: Wall Street vice© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32ae9ace-3414-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The term vice-chairman is a favourite because it is such a euphemistic appellation© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32ae9ace-3414-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Blackout casts shadow over economic recoveryDouglas Busvine and Tommy Wilkes     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 09:50 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi
Narendra Modi took decisive action as chief minister of Gujarat to secure round-the-clock supplies of electricity. Now, as prime minister of India, he is under attack for failing to avert a national power crisis.
More than half of India's thermal power stations have less than a week's supply of fuel - the lowest levels since mid-2012 when hundreds of millions of people were cut off in one of the world's worst blackouts.
Coal stocks at thermal stations have hit critical levels as payment disputes escalate, unleashing power cuts that could choke off an economic recovery before it takes hold and hurt Modi's prospects at forthcoming state elections.
Financial metropolis Mumbai was plunged into darkness for most of Tuesday, amid a row between private generators and regional distributors that is symptomatic of an industry mired in debt and arrears of at least $100 billion.
It's a headache for Modi that experts say will only get worse. His government is resisting political pressure for a bailout, just two years after a rescue by the last government that it denounces as a "farce".
"The moment I start with financial assistance for one state, all the states will be asking me," Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal told reporters on Wednesday as he marked a rocky first 100 days in the job.
"States have to improve their own systems. I can't fund their coal purchases," said Goyal, who is mediating in payment disputes in an attempt to mitigate the power crisis.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan has pointed the finger of blame at Modi, who won election by a landslide in May with promises of economic reforms, new jobs and dynamic growth.
"The centre is responsible," said Chavan, a leader of the opposition Congress party. He added that he urged Modi two weeks ago to call crisis talks on the power industry, but says New Delhi "has not taken serious note".
Maharashtra is one of several states that are at odds with New Delhi on power and coal supplies, and will soon hold elections. Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) hopes to boost its strength in the upper house of parliament, where it lacks a majority.
ACHILLES' HEEL
Since Modi took power, coal stocks at thermal power stations that generate three-fifths of India's power have nearly halved to just six days' cover. Of 100 plants, 56 are now 'critical' with less than a week's supply.
The shortages have arisen not because India lacks coal - it has reserves of 61 billion tonnes. Nor does India consume much power: per capita use is one-seventeenth of the US level, and 400 million Indians have no electricity at all.
What India does have is a mismatch between the regulated price at which power is sold and the cost of producing it, which is typically 20-30 per cent higher.
As a result, the power sector is caught in a debt trap, leaving generators unable to scrape together the cash to buy fuel from Coal India, a state behemoth that successive governments have shied away from restructuring.
"We have a bizarre situation where there is demand for power from distributors without the ability to purchase. Generating capacity is stuck without a contract or the fuel," said Debasish Mishra, a senior director and energy expert at Deloitte.
The situation "might precipitate quite fast into a crisis," said Mishra, urging the opening up of coal production to competition and amending power tariffs to properly take into account the cost of fuel.
MODI MODEL
Modi tackled a similar power crisis in 2005 as premier of Gujarat - with a population the size of Britain - with measures that experts say would work in India today.
His state government assumed existing power company debts, freed the firms of populist pressures that kept power tariffs artificially low and clamped down on rampant electricity theft.
As a result, Gujarat is now a surplus power producer.
Doing the same at a national level would, however, be tough as responsibility for power is shared between the 'centre' and India's 29 federal states. The problem is a lot bigger too.
The industry has racked up bank debts of Rs 5 trillion ($84 billion), according to central bank figures. Debts owed by distributors totalled $18 billion in 2012, the year of the last rescue. Coal India's receivables are $1.4 billion.
Worse, the World Bank estimates that annual losses in the Indian power sector could rise to $27 billion by 2017 without action to tackle wasteful subsidies, power theft and political meddling.
(Additional reporting by Krishna N Das in New Delhi and Sumeet Chatterjee in Mumbai)
- Reuters

Sensex  Nifty slightly up in early tradeUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Mumbai: The benchmark Sensex on Friday fell 59.23 points to end at 27,026.70, its second straight session of decline after logging new highs earlier this week, on losses in bluechips including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Motors amid a weak global trend.
Domestic stock markets opened on a better note with the 30-scrip BSE Sensex touching the day's high of 27,178.80 points in early trade. It later slipped below the 27,000-mark and touched day's low of 26,920.56 before ending at 27,026.70, registering a drop of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent.
Among Sensex 30 components, 17 stocks ended in the negative zone, while 13 closed higher.
Sensex on Friday ended 59 points lower at 27,026.70. This was for the second straight session that the stocks experienced fall.
On Thursday, the Sensex had lost 54.01 points. It had hit life high of 27,225.85 and closed at record peak of 27,139.94 both on Wednesday.
Brokers said emergence of selling in stocks that had recently witnessed gains and a weak trend in global markets, led to the fall in major indices on Friday.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also shed 9.10 points, or 0.11 per cent, to end at 8,086.85. During the session, the Nifty shuttled between 8,122.70 and 8,049.85. Yesterday, it had fallen by 18.65 points.
Among the sectoral indices, the BSE Auto index dropped 0.65 per cent, followed by FMCG 0.32 per cent and Banking index lost 0.30 per cent.
On the other hand, the BSE Realty index surged 1.15 per cent, followed by Capital Goods index 0.86 per cent, Metal index 0.69 per cent and IT index 0.51 per cent, among others.
The BSE Small-cap index advanced 1.25 per cent and Mid-cap index added 0.56 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Asian shares and the euro slipped Friday after European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Eyes are now on the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe's main stock markets also dipped in late morning trades on Friday after data showed the 18-nation eurozone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.

CBI chief Ranjit Sinha to move court for perjuryAbhishek Bhalla and Harish V Nair     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 10:31 IST
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha
Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Director Ranjit Sinha who is facing allegations of shielding some accused and constantly meeting people allegedly involved in ongoing investigations has decided to counter the charges against him. Sinha has decided to move court alleging perjury for making false claims in the Supreme Court.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court, hinting it will give a serious hearing to the visitor's list case , asked petitioner Prashant Bhushan to file all documents in the form of an affidavit by Monday, the next date of hearing. Significantly, the court also said Bhushan will have to reveal his source.
PRESSURE BUILDS
But as pressure mounted on him, Sinha said "If the court orders, I shall recuse myself". This was in response to Bhushan's fresh application in the apex court seeking a direction to him to keep away from coal scam investigations "in view of his interference".
CBI sources said it appears there was "some kind of manipulation" in the list-of people who visited Sinha's official residence-made public. Sinha suspects foul play in the emergence of the visitors register.
"Let me tell you that as CBI chief I am a 'Z' category protectee with both the Delhi Police and the ITBP monitoring my security. There are two authorised registers maintained by the Delhi Police at my residence 2 Janpath. One is with respect to my personal movement, while the other is the diary run by the Delhi Police for senior officers to check on the duty roster. If someone is maintaining a third, what can I do?" Sinha told Mail Today on Wednesday.
NO MEDIA GAG
Meanwhile, rejecting fervent plea of Sinha's lawyer, the Supreme Court refused to restrain media from publishing names of "controversial" visitors to his residence. But, the court reminded that it was "a sensitive issue" which called for "reporting with responsibility". Surprisingly, Sinha's lawyer
Vikas Singh-while terming Bhushan's "leaking" of documents given in sealed cover and submitting pleas without revealing its source as "violative of law and Supreme Court Rules"-dragged in the name of former Delhi chief minister and Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) convener Arvind Kejriwal. Bhushan is also a leader of the AAP.
Justice HL Dattu, who headed the Bench, had told Singh that "Mr Bhushan knows the law. We had asked to give [the list] it in sealed cover so that we shall have a look before others see it. We do not know how it went into public domain. Of course, it is not from the registry".
However, Singh said, "Bhushan does not know the law. For Bhushan and Kejriwal, the country's rules do not apply. They think they are above the law and can do whatever they want."
Justice Dattu then said, "We will ask Bhushan if his application does not reveal the source".
Bhushan refused to reveal the source during the proceedings in the court. But in an application filed in the court seeking a direction to Sinha to recuse from the coal scam "for his interference in the probe",
Bhushan said the "information was received from a "trusted whistleblower".
Turning town a plea by Sinha to restrain media from publishing details of entry list, saying it violates his right to privacy and reputation, the Bench said, "We have no control over it (Press). We only have control over court proceedings."
Singh said the coverage of the controversy was doing "irreparable damage" to reputation of Sinha, who is a "very high functionary of the government and it was not the media's business to publish who met him in private".
WHAT HAPPENED IN SC
>> Prashant Bhushan has been asked to reveal the source of the guest entry register
>> He has been asked to file documents in the form of an affidavit by Monday>>
 Media allowed to publish visitors' list
>> Ranjit Sinha seeks dismissal of Bhushan's plea saying scandalous allegations cause 'irreparable damage' to his image and sealed cover was 'leaked'
>> Bench sets Monday for next date of hearing
>> Bhushan files fresh plea seeking Sinha's removal from coal blocks scam probe

Sahara Seeks More Time to Seal Rs 1 800 Crore Property DealYou are here: Home Corporates
Sahara Seeks More Time to Seal Rs 1,800 Crore Property Deal
NDTV | Reported By: A Vaidyanathan | Updated On: September 05, 2014 12:08 (IST)
Apple Unveils Watch, Larger iPhones in Bid to Retake Innovation Crown
Sahara chief Subrata Roy today moved Supreme Court seeking more time for negotiations to sell properties. Sahara chief's lawyer told the top court that he needs ten more days as the negotiations are in crucial stage and likely to get fetch around Rs 1,800 crore.
The Supreme Court had earlier allowed Sahara chief to use the conference hall in Tihar jail premises for negotiations till September 9. The top court said it may take up the case on September 8.
Mr Roy was initially given 10 days by the Supreme Court to talk to potential bidders for three hotels, including Grosvenor House in London and the New York Plaza, to raise Rs 10,000 crore for bail. Thereafter, the court had extended his stay at the high-tech office in Tihar jail premises by 15 days on his request.
Mr Roy has been given an office with 600 sq ft of space inside New Delhi's Tihar jail complex, where he can hold video conferences, use computers and receive visitors to try to sell or mortgage the hotels.
Mr Roy was jailed in March after he failed to appear at a contempt hearing in the long-running dispute with the capital markets watchdog Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India) over the company's failure to repay crores to investors who were sold outlawed bonds.
He is yet to be charged over the dispute and denies any wrongdoing. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 12:08 (IST)

CBI files perjury application in Aircel-Maxis caseCBI files perjury application in Aircel-Maxis case
Renzis lack of focus threatens his political promiseSeptember 5, 2014 6:00 am
Renzi’s lack of focus threatens his political promise
By Wolfgang Münchau
The savings the Italian leader identified should go into public investments
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/309b6af2-1ef0-11e4-ad93-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex  Nifty reverse gains on bank stocksMarket Update: Sensex ends 59 points down as selling continues for 2nd day
IANS     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 17:11 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Markets on Friday gave up initial gains with Sensex falling about 59 points to end at 27,026.70 and Nifty dipping over 9 points to close at 8,086.85 on profit selling in financial and auto stocks, amid weak global cues.
Losses were seen mainly in counters including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Tata Motors , Hero MotoCorp, Bharti Airtel, Coal India, BHEL and Tata Power, which weighed on the market.
Although Sensex ended in the negative zone, total market breadth was positive on the back of rally in second-line stocks on buying by retail investors. The S&P BSE Small-cap and Mid-cap indices outperformed the Sensex. They closed up by 1.25 per cent and 0.56 per cent respectively.
The 30-share Sensex resumed better and improved further to a high of 27,178.80, up by nearly 93 points, on the back of heavy buying by foreign funds. However, profit-selling erased the gains and the index ended at 27,026.70 - a fall of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent. It touched an intra-day low of 26,920.56.
on Thursday, it has dipped 54.10 points or 0.20 per cent.
On Wednesday, it had zoomed to life high of 27,225.85 and then closed at record peak of 27,139.94.
For the week, the Sensex rose 388.59 points. This was its fourth straight weekly gain.
The wide-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE on Friday moved irregularly in a range of 8,122.70 and 8,049.85 before closing at 8,086.85 - a drop of 9.10 points or 0.11 per cent.
Meanwhile, provisional data showed Foreign Portfolio Investors invested a whopping Rs 1,697.74 crore on Thursday.
Globally, Asian shares slipped Friday after European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Eyes are now on the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe's main stock markets dipped in late morning trades today after data showed the 18-nation eurozone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.
 

Australia to sign nuclear deal with India todayAustralia offers uranium, coal to overcome energy supplies shortage
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 21:30 IST
Tony Abbott, Australian Prime Minister (Picture; Reuters)
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said he would seal a civil nuclear deal to sell uranium to India on Friday, offering to ramp up supplies of energy to help the emerging Asian giant overcome chronic shortages.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greeted Abbott with full state honours during his two-day visit to India. The two leaders were due to hold formal talks later and sign the deal to sell uranium for peaceful power generation.
"Prime Minister Modi and I will today sign a nuclear cooperation agreement," Abbott told business leaders.
In an editorial published in The Hindu he said the two sides had concluded the nuclear talks, which began about two years ago after Australia lifted a long-standing ban on selling uranium to energy-starved India.
"My hope is we can become a reliable source of energy resources and food security for India," Abbott said.
Prior to the meeting hosted by business lobbyists ASSOCHAM, the group said India should make use of Abbott's visit to seek more coal imports at a time when Indian thermal power stations are running critically short of the fuel.
With two-thirds of India's power stations fired by coal, and latest data showing that half of them down to a week's stock, tapping into Australia's coal reserves is a more pressing need than accessing uranium.
Nuclear power accounts for just 3 per cent of output, down from 3.7 per cent three years ago.
"While Coal India can be asked to step up its production, the growing needs make it imperative to go in for more imports and what better source than Australia whose top leadership is engaged with strategic relationship with India," ASSOCHAM President Rana Kapoor said in a statement.
The Australian government in July approved a $16.5 billion coal and rail project in the province of Queensland by Indian firm Adani Mining, controlled by billionaire Gautam Adani .
However, nuclear power is key to future energy plans in India, where a quarter of the 1.2 billion population has little or no access to electricity, a situation Modi has vowed to tackle.
Earlier this week, Modi was in Japan where he sought to accelerate negotiations of a civil nuclear agreement modeled on a deal with the United States in 2008 that ended years of isolation after India tested a nuclear weapon in 1998.
India operates 20 mostly small reactors at six sites with a capacity of 4,780 MW, or 2 per cent of its total power capacity, according to the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited. The government hopes to increase its nuclear capacity to 63,000 MW by 2032 by adding nearly 30 reactors at an estimated cost of $85 billion.
In an apparent bid to remove an irritant between the two nations, Abbott was due to hand over to Modi a $5 million statue of the Hindu god Shiva that had been illegally trafficked and a stone statue that had been displayed in an Australian gallery.
Abbott says ties between the two former British colonies are not as close as they should be.
(Reuters)

Telepathy  experiment sends 1st mental message from India to FranceUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Washington: For the first time, scientists have been able to send a simple mental message from one person to another without any contact between the two, thousands of miles apart in India and France.
Research led by experts at Harvard University shows technology can be used to transmit information from one person's brain to another's even, as in this case, if they are thousands of miles away.
"It is kind of technological realisation of the dream of telepathy, but it is definitely not magical," Giulio Ruffini, a theoretical physicist and co-author of the research, told AFP by phone from Barcelona.
For the first time, scientists have been able to send a simple mental message from one person to another without any contact between the two.
"We are using technology to interact electromagnetically with the brain."
For the experiment, one person wearing a wireless, Internet-linked electroencephalogram or EEG would think a simple greeting, like "hola," or "ciao."
A computer translated the words into digital binary code, presented by a series of 1s or 0s.
Then, this message was emailed from India to France, and delivered via robot to the receiver, who through non-invasive brain stimulation could see flashes of light in their peripheral vision.
The subjects receiving the message did not hear or see the words themselves, but were correctly able to report the flashes of light that corresponded to the message.
"We wanted to find out if one could communicate directly between two people by reading out the brain activity from one person and injecting brain activity into the second person, and do so across great physical distances by leveraging existing communication pathways," said co-author Alvaro Pascual-Leone, professor of neurology at Harvard Medical School.
"One such pathway is, of course, the Internet, so our question became, 'Could we develop an experiment that would bypass the talking or typing part of Internet and establish direct brain-to-brain communication between subjects located far away from each other in India and France?'"
Ruffini added that extra care was taken to make sure no sensory information got in the way that could have influenced the interpretation of the message.
Researchers have been attempting to send a message from person to person this way for about a decade, and the proof of principle that was reported in the journal PLOS ONE is still rudimentary, he told AFP.
"We hope that in the longer term this could radically change the way we communicate with each other," said Ruffini.

No damage to equipment at Trombay plant  says Tata PowerBSE 27053.00(-212.32)
NSE 8102.10(-50.85)
SELECT      autono,      section1,      datetime,      heading,      authorname,      subheading,      content,      location,      thumbimg,      bigimg     FROM      newbsdata_api     WHERE      autono = 114090500562
Companies
BS Reporter |  Mumbai: Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 02:34 PM IST
No damage to equipment at Trombay plant, says Tata Power
Company says snag in unit occurred in auxiliary system connected with furnace which eventually caused furance to trip
Tata Power (TPC) has said there was no damage to equipment in its generation unit at Trombay which tripped on Tuesday leaving large parts of city dark. The generation unit no 5 (500 MW) which supplies power to Mumbai is functional from Thursday night, the company said.
"The trip of units at Trombay was not an event which is uncommon. Necessary diagnostics were done by plant experts and fault corrected methodically. All equipments in power plants are insured and cost of damaged equipment is claimed from insurance. In this case since there was no damage no claim needs to be put up,'' Tata Power said in an email response to query.
The company said the snag in unit occurred in auxiliary system connected with the furnace which eventually caused the furance to trip. The furnace which is operational for over three decades has been procured from Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd under technical know how from Combustion Engineering, USA.
"TPC has proactive maintenance schedule for all equipments under preventive maintenance schedule. The same is strictly adhered too in coordination with system operator,'' the company said.
Maharashtra government has ordered an inquiry into the massive power outages faced in several parts of south and central Mumbai. Inquiry will be conducted by the state energy secretary within a week to fix responsibility and suggest short and long term measures to avoid such incidents in future.
Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan informed that the decision to hold an in-depth probe was taken at the state cabinet meeting. "The state Cabinet has taken a serious cognisance of the power failure in Mumbai yesterday," Chavan tweeted on Wednesday.
Tata Power's Trombay plant has a generation capacity of 1,580 Mw. However, about 700 Mw of its capacity was not immediately available partly because of repairs and the request from BrihanMumbai Electric Supply & Transport (BEST) not to supply from unit 6 which runs on oil and gas.
 Advertisements

LTTE militant jailed for murder of Lankan army generalPress Trust of India | Colombo | Posted: September 5, 2014 2:59 pm
On Friday a  Sri Lankan court  sentenced an LTTE operative to 20 years in jail for the murder of a popular army general six years ago.
The High Court in the north central town of Anuradhapura sentenced the unnamed LTTE militant for the killing of retired Major General Janaka Perera.
Perera, a celebrated soldier during the military’s battle against the LTTE, joined the main opposition UNP after retiring.
He was killed in October, 2008 when an LTTE suicide bomber blew himself up at the UNP office in Anuradhapura when Perera stood as the main opposition party’s chief ministerial candidate in the province.
At least 28 people, including Perera and his wife, were killed in the blast while over 90 others were also injured.
The LTTE had also opposed Perera’s tenure as Sri Lanka’s Ambassador to Australia previously.
Perera was feared as a military officer by the Tamil militant group as he had thwarted many rebel attacks on government troops during the over three-decade civil war.

LSE falls on lower FTSE after stake saleSeptember 5, 2014 9:49 am
LSE falls on lower FTSE after stake sale
By Thomas Hale in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c42f91da-34d5-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jammu: Mountain slides into house; 5 dead  15 trappedIn pics: Army in action, rescues flood victims in Jammu and Kashmir 13 hours 24 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

J&K floods ground report: Houses submerged in water  people trappedWatch: Former MP Saifuddin Soz heckled by flood victims in Srinagar
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Watch Live! PM Modi s Teachers  Day addressBS Web Team |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 03:09 PM IST
Watch Live! PM Modi's Teachers' Day address
Live webcast of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's national address to schoolchildren
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is addressing schoolchildren across the nation through a live video conference on the occasion of Teachers' Day. Watch the live webcast here. 
 Advertisements

Maruti to begin work on Gujarat plant before end of this year: R C BhargavaSohini Das |  Ahmedabad Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:56 PM IST
Maruti to begin work on Gujarat plant this year
The company has already started work on the site even as it waits for shareholder approval regarding the Suzuki subsidiary building the plant
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd (MSIL) Chairman R C Bhargava said the company will start work on its Gujarat project before the end of this year.
“Some work is on. We are waiting for minority-shareholder approvals.” He was in Gandhinagar on Friday with parent company Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) Chairman Osamu Suzuki, who met new Chief Minister (CM) Anandiben Patel.
Bhargava described Suzuki’s visit as “courtesy.” He said the SMC chief briefed the CM about his recent meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Japan.
Earlier this year, Bhargava had met Anandiben Patel and state finance minister Saurabh Patel to discuss issues on value-added tax (VAT) in relation to the coming plant in the Mandal region.
Bhargava said efforts for finalising a fresh formula for VAT concessions were on. “The Gujarat government is very proactive and has repeated its commitment to the project. There are no issues on VAT.”
The state government had asked MSIL to come up with VAT concessions between MSIL and Suzuki Motor Gujarat Pvt Ltd (SMGPL), a wholly-owned subsidiary of SMC to make cars for MSIL at the Gujarat facility.
In June 2012, MSIL had signed a state support agreement (SSA) with the Gujarat government for the purchase of land and setting up of a facility. In January this year, MSIL’s board determined the plant will be built by SMGPL, which will exclusively make vehicles for MSIL. The company approached the state government around March to incorporate the necessary changes in the SSA.
Bhargava repeated there was no change of plan on the project, be it the completion time (2017) or the capacity planned (1.5 million vehicles a year).  
The initial capacity could be 250,000 vehicles a year. The company has two sites for setting up facilities in Gujarat,  700 acres each at Hansalpur and Vithlapur in the Mandal region.
Last year, Maruti had decided to delay the plant (from an original commission target of 2015-16), owing to dull market conditions.
 Advertisements

Hempel Paints unveils second plant in NashikHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Hempel Paints unveils second plant in Nashik
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
The Denmark—based Hempel Paints today announced setting up of a new manufacturing plant in Nashik, with a production capacity of 10 million litres per year and at an investment of 3 million euros.
“This is one of the fastest growing coatings markets in the world and we expect further growth in the future. We have invested 3 million euros in this new plant and we will invest 2 million euros more in the second phase at the Nashik site. The new plant will help us serve the South Asian market,” Hempel Group president and chief executive Pierre—Yves Jullien told reporters here.
The company already has a 2 million litre plant in Nashik adjoining the new facility.
Hempel Group vice—president for South Asia Umesh Singh said the second phase is likely to be commissioned in the next two years, which will increase the capacity further by 3 million litres.
The new factory will manufacture paint for marine and protective coating segments, and it will also be exported to neighbouring countries of Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, the Maldives and Nepal.
The company enjoys a market share of over 20 per cent in marine coatings and over 12 per cent in the protective coating segment in the country. The protective coating segment is estimated to be around Rs 1,250 crore, while the marine coating market is nearly Rs 250 crore.
The Danish company entered the country in 2010 and has seen a good growth since then. “We would like to double our turnover in the next three years from what it is now,” Singh said.
Singh declined to divulge the turnover from operations here but said it accounts for 1.5—2 per cent of the global sales. Hempel globally had reported a turnover of 1.23 billion euros.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Govt to set up two cattle breeding centresGovt to set up two cattle breeding centres
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
The government today said it will set up two breeding centres with an outlay of Rs 50 crore to raise productivity of indigenous cattle and buffalo to meet the growing demand for milk and its products.
“Currently, there is no national breeding centre in the country for development of cattle and buffalo. So, we have decided to set up National Khamdenu Breeding Centres with an outlay of Rs 50 crore,” Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said while addressing a CII event on dairy sector.
The government is looking for land to set up one such centre each in north and south India. The purpose of the centre is to raise productivity of indigenous cattle and buffalo in a scientific manner, he said.
Instead of going for foreign breeds for higher milk yields, the minister said that there was need to improve the productivity and quality of milk from indigenous cattle and buffalo, thereby improving the additional income of farmers.
The government is focusing more on promoting indigenous cattle breeds to meet future milk demand, Singh said, adding that the government has launched ‘Rashtriya Gokul Mission’ with an outlay of Rs 500 crore to conserve and develop indigenous breeds.
Milk production
The country’s milk production was 137.67 million tonnes in 2013—14. The output is required to be raised by 6 million tonnes every year to meet growing demand by 2025, he said.
A meeting of state agriculture and animal husbandry ministers has been called on September 18 to discuss the ways to develop the dairy sector, he added.
Highlighting the challenges of raising milk production, Animal Husbandry, Dairying and Fisheries Department Secretary Anup Kumar Thakur said more efforts are required to be made in improving feed and fodder supply for livestock.
There is also need to take new technologies developed by government research bodies like ICAR to farmers. Besides, the government would like to see thriving cooperative sector and robus private sector participation in this sector, he added.
While expressing concern over lack of procurement of surplus milk in the country, National Diary Development Board Chairman T Nandakumar said a large quantity of milk still remains unprocessed by companies and this issue need to be addressed urgently.
Increased investment, trained manpower, linking dairy farmers to markets and improving fodder supply are some of the challenges that the government needs to work on, he said.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Kashmiri migrants rehabilitation: Rajnath writes to Omar seeking landPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 02:50 PM IST
Kashmiri migrants rehabilitation: Rajnath writes to Omar seeking land
Rajnath suggested that land may be identified near the native places they migrated from
Taking forward his government's initiative to rehabilitate Kashmiri migrants, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh today wrote to Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah seeking allocation of 'suitable' land for creating dwelling units for these families.
In his letter to Omar, Singh suggested that "land may be identified near the native places they (Kashmiri migrants) migrated from."
The Home Minister also advised that such areas should be selected keeping in view the availability of adequate security in close proximity of the place.
At present there are about 62,000 registered Kashmiri migrant families in the country who migrated from the Kashmir Valley to either Jammu, Delhi or to other parts of the country due to militancy in the state in early 1990s.
The Home Minister, in his letter, said Union government is "committed to facilitate the return of the Kashmiri migrants to the Kashmir Valley and their proper rehabilitation."
Singh said in order to achieve these goals, the Centre has already earmarked a sum of Rs 500 crore which was announced during the presentation of the new government's first budget.
The Narendra Modi government has flagged rehabilitation of Kashmiri migrants, as its priority and, ahead of the budget, a series of meetings were held between officials of the state and the Centre.
At present, a total of 60,452 families of Kashmiri migrants are registered in the country, of which 38,119 are in Jammu, 19,338 in Delhi and 1,995 in other states.
 Advertisements

Teachers  Day speech LIVE: Instead of dreaming big  think of accomplishing a task: Modi'Taskmaster' PM Modi plays the role of headmaster
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 14:57 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:57 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi turned teacher for a day on Friday, chatting with an auditorium full of schoolchildren and teachers, sharing his vision of education and, through it, nation building, and making them smile with anecdotes from his childhood.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union minister Smriti Irani at the informal interation with teachers. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @PMOIndia)
He also took questions from the 1,000 Delhi students who had packed the Manekshaw Centre for the Teachers’ Day programme and from many more across the country who’d tuned in via video conference.
Read: Three cheers ring out for ‘Modi Sir’ in UP madrasas
“Your style conveys the image of a headmaster. Are you tough like a headmaster or are you sweet,” asked a girl in the crowd. “I am a taskmaster. I work hard and extract hard work from others,” the PM replied as millions of students watched him on TV in their schools and homes.
 
Most schools in the Capital, and elsewhere in the country, had made it mandatory for students to be present for the live broadcast of the PM’s speech.
Watch: Best of PM Modi's Teacher's Day speech
Modi exhorted students to become responsible citizens, wondered why they weren’t interested in becoming teachers, thought aloud about India becoming a country that exports teachers. Urging the young to work and play, he said, “You should play and sweat a lot, at least four times a day. Promise you will do it.” He added, “Keep the child in you alive.”
Asked if he’d played pranks as a boy, the PM spoke about tempting shehnai players with tamarind to make their mouth water and stapling the clothes of couples at weddings.
When a boy from Imphal asked him what he had to do to become PM, he responded, “Start preparing for the 2024 elections… at least till then I am safe.” 
A teacher should not discriminate. All children belong to the teacher. And every child has some talents: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 5, 2014
Going back to a recurring theme, he spoke of the importance of educating girls, and building toilets for them in schools to stop them from dropping out. To a student from Port Blair, he said, “Serving the nation does not only mean doing grand things. Doing small things is a big service too. Remember to switch off the fan in your room when you leave, to turn off the taps as you brush your teeth, to keep your things tidy. It is these small things that help build a clean nation.”
When a visually impaired girl asked if he had ever thought he would one day become prime minister, he said, “I never even contested the election to become class monitor.”

Live: Never thought I would become a PM when I was in school  Modi tells students on Teachers  DayPrime Minister Narendra Modi will be addressing lakhs of students across the country on the occasion of Teachers' Day.
Live Blog
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
4:47 pm: Modi's final message to students: Keep the child inside you alive. Be happy and naughty. Live your age. You won't get this time again. On this day, we pay our respects to Dr Radhakrishnan and all our teachers. Don't forget your teachers ever. The teachers also must not forget their students ever. They must be a part of their students' lives always. This is of utmost importance to build the nation. Like a gardener, a teacher must nurture the children like flowers. I am thankful that I got the opportunity to meet you all. Thank you all.
4:42 pm: Modi's question and answer session with students over.
4:42 pm: Modi: It has been given priority the world over. Education and degrees without skills mean nothing. That's why apart from personality development, every child should get the opportunity of skill development. We have so many educated youth but they are unskilled and hence, jobless. That's why skill development is of utmost importance. When I was in Gujarat, I asked the Tata Group to educate and train the youth in the surrounding areas where they were planning to build their Nano car. So that they can find workers close to the factory itself. It will also promote regional growth.
4:37 pm: Next question from Delhi: Are you planning to prioritise skill-development?
4:34 pm: Modi: I will give you a small example. Your friends come home and you rush out with them to play. But you forget to switch off the fan in your room. You can surely switch it off? Can you do it or not? Of course you can. Sometimes, when the weather is fine, you can actually switch off the fan or AC and keep the windows open to enjoy the fresh air from outside. When we brush our teeth, we let the taps run. Why can't we shut it?
4:31 pm: Next question from Delhi: How can children help save electricity?
4:30 pm: Modi: I would say that everyone must cultivate a reading habit. I think we should have reading competitions. I haven't thought about taking this programme on a national scale but I want all to cultivate a reading habit.
4:26 pm: Next question from Gujarat: You have a programme in Gujarat - 'Gujarat Padho'. Do you plan to take it on a national scale?
4:24 pm: Modi: Politics is not a profession. It is a service. It is 'seva'. And the feeling of 'seva' will only arise when the leaders think of the people as their own. This question reminds me of an old incident. A 5-year-old girl was once crossing a bridge with her 3-year-old brother in her arms. Mahatma Gandhi asked her, 'won't you get tired?' She replied, 'He is my brother'. Mahatma asked her the same question again and the girl gave the same answer again. The Mahatma asked the question a third time. The girl said, 'Sir, he is my brother. How can I get tired when I am taking care of my own brother?' That is what we all have to learn.
4:21 pm: Next question from Dwarka, Delhi: Is politics a difficult profession? How do you deal with the pressure and tension?
4:20 pm: Modi: It is good that young children are asking such questions. It's not climate change actually. It's we who have changed. We have destroyed the balance of nature. We have to stop fighting against Nature and instead, nurture it. We must take care of our environment. Our holy texts tell us to take care of our surroundings. But ever since we stopped, Mother Ganga has become polluted. I just met the mayor of Nagpur. He told me a wonderful thing. He told me that on full moon nights, he switches off the street lights and asks everyone to come out of their homes. He tells them to enjoy the full moon nights. Now I want to ask you, how many of you have seen the sun rise and the sun set or the full moon? We have lost all those habits. We have stopped living with Nature. We have to relearn it all.
4:14 pm: Next question from Tinsukia: How can we take care of our pristine environment?
4:13 pm: Modi: You all have to be good role models. Good citizens, good students. You have to ensure cleanliness around you. There are two kinds of children - the ideal one and the naughty one. The ideal would keep his things arranged in an order. But the naughty ones would throw his things around as soon as he reaches home. So it's up to you how you model yourself. You have to ensure that electricity and water are not wasted. You have to take care of the environment. You don't have to worry about the big picture. Just think about the little details and take care of them. Rest will take care of itself.
4:10 pm: Next question from Port Blair: What role do children play in the nation's development?
4:09 pm: Modi: I have travelled through Bastar a lot. It is true that girls' education should be given utmost importance. There is an old saying that if a boy studies, only one person learns. But if we educate a girl, two families learn through it. Women's education plays an important role in the nation's development. Why else do you think I have made girls' toilets a priority for my government? So that they stay back in school and learn. I have given much thought to this programme and its results will be seen soon. I am happy that you have asked me this question. It shows that you think about girls' education in a place which is affected by Maoists.
4:05 pm: The next question comes from Dantewada: What would you do for higher education of girls in areas like Bastar?
4:04 pm: Modi responds: Yes I also used to play pranks. When shehnai valas used to play the shehnai at weddings, we used to show them imlis as they are mouthwatering. Then the shehnaivalas used to come running after us. We used to go for weddings and staple clothes of men and women with each other. But you promise me you all won't do such things.
4:01 pm: A student from Leh asks, "Do you remember any pranks you played with your friends in school? Would you like to share any such incident with us?"
3:59 pm: Modi says: There should be no discrimination. A teacher should treat each student as their own. Every student has positives and negatives. A teacher's task is to see the positives in the student and give them a direction. The teacher should be like a parent who does not differentiate between kids. As a teacher, I would not have discriminated.
3:57 pm: A student from Thiruvananthapuram asks, "If you were a student, who would you concentrate on - an intelligent student or an average person who is hard working?"
3:56 pm: Modi's answer: I went to a primary school in Japan. I found there was not much of teaching. But there was 100% learning there. The students there are disciplined. They are judiciously using technology in schools there. Cleanliness, discipline and the way they respect people is appreciable.
3:53 pm: A student from Gujarat asks: What difference did you find in Indian education system and Japanese education system?
3:53 pm: Modi bursts into laughter and says, "Prepare for elections from 2024. At least till then, there is no threat to my job. If anyone of you children becomes the PM, do invite me for the oath taking ceremony."
3:52 pm: Modi now takes questions from students over video conferencing. A student from Imphal asks, "How I can I become the PM of India?"
3:51 pm: Modi responds by narrating an incident from his personal life. He says, "Yes, I am a task master. But I work myself too. I don't make others work, I work along with them."
3:47 pm: A student asks Modi what kind of a person he is in real life.
3:46 pm: Modi responds: If I were to get any gains out of this, I wouldn't have done this. I feel good interacting with children. It's like charging my battery. The biggest gain - that on TV for the entire day you children are all over.
3:45 pm: A student asks Modi, "What will you gain by interacting with students today?"
3:44 pm: He responds: I never fought any election in my class or university. So i had never thought I'll be the PM. But I had dreams of doing something, achieving something. I urge students to dream of doing something.
3:42 pm: The next question to Modi: As a student, did you ever think that you will become the PM?
3:40 pm: Modi responds: It's a tough question. But if you have not got the right teachings, the right guidance, your experience, whatsoever it is, will not help you. In my life both have been equally important.
3:39 pm: The next question to Modi: What has impacted your life more? Your teachers or your experiences?
3:38 pm: Modi's reply: I haven't got the time to see Delhi. My life has been from home to work and back. On a serious note, not many changes have come. Thanks to the Chief ministerial experience I had, I know how to work and deal with officials of the government and ministers.
3:37 pm: The first question to Modi: How did you feel when you came to Delhi from Gandhinagar when became the PM? How has your life changed?
3:35 pm: Both teachers and students must move ahead together for the nation to progress: Modi ends his speech with this and will now interact with students.
3:34 pm: These books give you knowledge. Google can give you information, not knowledge: Modi
3:33 pm: You should read biographies, they take you closer to history and motivate you: Modi to students
3:32 pm: How many of you like reading books other than those in the curriculum: Modi asks students
3:29 pm: We have the ability to develop. We as a nation need to work together for our development: Modi
3:28 pm: When I went to a school in Japan, they told me that both the teachers and students perform cleaning tasks here to keep the schools clean. I wondered why can't we do it in India: Modi
3:26 pm: On 15th August, I said there should be no school that does not have a toilet for girls. There are many schools that do not have toilets for girls. I want schools to help me with this: Modi
3:23 pm: India is a youthful nation. Can't we think of exporting good teachers? Why can't our children think - I want to be a good teacher: Modi
3:22 pm: There is need to change with time to grow. The perception about teachers also needs to change. Lesser students today want to go ahead and become teachers. We need to do something to change this. A student must say yes I want to become a teacher. What do we do to make this happen: Modi
3:19 pm: The importance of Teachers' Day has reduced in the recent times: Modi
3:17 pm: The Prime Minister begins his Teachers' Day address.
3:13 pm: 
3:11 pm: Narendra Modi is giving the mythological book 'The Bhagwad Gita' to students who are speaking at the Teachers' Day function at the Manekshaw Auditorium.
3:08 pm: Students from schools are now speaking about the Teachers Day and Dr Radhakrishnan.
3:06 pm: A teacher is one who not only teaches but also learns in the journey of teaching: Smriti Irani begins the function on this note.
3:04 pm: The Prime Minister has reached the Manekshaw Auditorium for his speech. He is being welcomed by HRD Minister Smriti Irani.
2:55 pm: Schools across the country have made elaborate arrangements for the students to listen to the speech, which will be broadcast live on television and through webcast.
2:54 pm: Prime Minister Narendra Modi is set to address school students across the country on the occasion on Teachers' day in a few minutes from now.

Anshus Clothing: Appointment of company secretaryAnshus Clothing: Appointment of company secretary
RBI to hold rates on Sept 30; may cut in Feb  says reportRBI to hold rates on Sept 30; may cut in Feb: report
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to hold the key interest rate in its policy review meeting later this month and is expected to lower that from February, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
According to the global financial services major, the Consumer Price Index based inflation is peaking off and is expected to be around 7.5—8 per cent in September.
“We expect the RBI to begin to cut rates starting February with stable oil prices and INR providing comfort that CPI inflation will come off to 6 per cent by early 2016,” BofA—ML said in a research note.
The Wholesale Price Index based inflation fell to 5—month low of 5.19 per cent in July on account of decline in vegetable prices, while the CPI—based retail rose marginally to 7.96 per cent in July, from 7.46 per cent in June.
The BofA—ML report further noted that late rains should water a good winter rabi crop to douse agri—inflation.
Moreover rising investment is beginning to step up agriculture, especially horticulture production.
Secondly, ‘imported’ inflation is expected to abate with the US Fed’s tapering holding global commodity prices in check and stabilisation of the rupee.
Indian diesel prices will get benchmarked to global prices by June and finally, weak aggregate demand will likely check pricing power.
On GDP, the report said that the growth rate is bottoming out. It is, however, expected to return to 7.5 per cent not before 2018.
Soon after taking the reins of RBI in September last year, Rajan surprised the industry by hiking the short—term policy rate by 0.25 per cent to keep inflation under check.
The repo rate or the short term lending rate was increased to 7.5 per cent from 7.25 per cent.
Subsequently, RBI raised repo rate by another 0.5 per cent to keep inflation under check. However, it has kept interest rate unchanged since April this year.
In the recent monetary policy review, RBI kept policy rate static at 8 per cent citing upside risks to inflation in view of uncertain monsoon and its impact on food production as also volatile international oil prices.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

AP allots land for NTPC Vizag projectAP allots land for NTPC Vizag project
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 5:  
The Andhra Pradesh government has allotted 1,200 acres of land on lease basis to National Thermal Power Corporation Ltd for setting up 4,000 mw power project in Visakhapatnam, with an investment outlay of Rs 20,000 crore.
According to an order issued by the government yesterday, NTPC has committed to complete the project before March 2019, and, once completed, it will be the biggest single location power project in Andhra Pradesh.
The land was allotted based on request by the PSU for setting up a coal-based 5x800 MW (4,000 MW) Super Thermal Power Station at Vishakhapatnam.
“The government, after careful examination of the matter, hereby directs the APIIC to allot and hand over 1,200 acres of contiguous land in APSEZ (denotified area), Pudimadaka village of Atchuthapuram Mandal, Visakhapatnam district to NTPC on long lease basis of 33 years for setting up a coal-based 5x800 MW (4,000 MW) Super Thermal Power Station.
“If the project is running successfully at the end of the lease period, it can be extended further on mutual terms.
The lease conditions as well as rental will be as fixed by APIIC as per their policy,” the government order said.
Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation Ltd’s (APIIC) vice chairman and managing director will take further necessary action accordingly, the order further said.
The power producer has sought the land in the district as it is suitable for the new project and also is close to NTPC’s existing Simhadri power project.
The proximity would allow the PSU to take advantage of the existing infrastructure such as housing facility, railway siding and technical manpower already present in Visakhapatnam.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Citrix announces Citrix Workspace Suite in IndiaApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

How can US avoid a prolonged economic slumpHow can US avoid a deep, prolonged economic slump?
New York Times Sep 5, 2014, 04.13PM IST
(The Federal Reserve started…)
By Paul Krugman
What is it that makes a powerful faction in our body politic demand tight money even in a depressed, low-inflation economy?
On Thursday, the European Central Bank announced a series of new steps it was taking in an effort to boost Europe's economy. There was a whiff of desperation about the announcement, which was reassuring. Europe, which is doing worse than it did in the 1930s, is clearly in the grip of a deflationary vortex, and it's good to know that the central bank understands that. But its epiphany may have come too late. It's far from clear that the measures now on the table will be strong enough to reverse the downward spiral.
And there but for the grace of Bernanke go we. Things in the United States are far from OK, but we seem (at least for now) to have steered clear of the kind of trap facing Europe. Why? One answer is that the Federal Reserve started doing the right thing years ago, buying trillions of dollars' worth of bonds in order to avoid the situation its European counterpart now faces.
You can argue, and I would, that the Fed should have done even more. But Fed officials have faced fierce attacks all the way. Pundits, politicians and plutocrats have accused them, over and over again, of "debasing" the dollar, and warned that soaring inflation is just around the corner. The predicted surge in inflation has never arrived, but despite being wrong year after year, hardly any of the critics have admitted being wrong, or even changed their tune. And the question I've been trying to answer is why. What is it that makes a powerful faction in our body politic - call it the deflation caucus - demand tight money even in a depressed, low-inflation economy?
One thing is clear: Like so much else these days, monetary policy has become very much a partisan issue. It's not just that talk of dollar debasement comes pretty much exclusively from the right of the political spectrum; inflation paranoia has, to a remarkable extent, become a matter of conservative political correctness, so that even economists who should know better have joined in the chorus. So we can focus the question further: Why do people on the right hate monetary expansion, even when it's desperately needed?
One answer is the power of truthiness - Stephen Colbert's justly famed term for things that aren't true but feel true to some people. "The Fed is printing money, printing money leads to inflation, and inflation is always a bad thing" is a triply untrue statement, but it feels true to a lot of people. And, yes, a tendency to prefer truthiness to more complicated truth is and pretty much always has been associated with political conservatism, and this tendency is especially strong in an era when leading politicians get their monetary theory from Ayn Rand novels.
Another answer is class interest. Inflation helps debtors and hurts creditors, deflation does the reverse. And the wealthy are much more likely than workers and the poor to be creditors, to have money in the bank and bonds in their portfolio rather than mortgages and credit-card balances outstanding. Back in the Gilded Age, the elite mobilized en masse to defeat William Jennings Bryan, who threatened to take the United States off the gold standard; campaign spending as a percentage of GDP was far higher in 1896 than in any presidential election before or since. Are the wealthy similarly mobilized against easy-money policies today?
  As far as I know, we don't have rigorous evidence to that effect. There are certainly a lot of wealthy investors in the debasing-the-dollar crowd, but we don't know for sure how representative they are - and you could argue that big investors should like the Fed's expansionary policies, which have been very good for the stock market. But the wealthy may not trust that connection, in part because the inflationary '70s were very bad for stocks. And we do know that the very wealthy are much more likely than the general public to consider budget deficits our biggest problem, even though fiscal austerity is probably bad for profits. So perceived class interest is probably also a key motivation for the deflation caucus.
A side note: Europe's wealthy aren't as wealthy or influential as their U.S. counterparts, but creditor interests are nonetheless even more powerful than they are here because creditor nations, Germany in particular, have ended up dictating policy for the whole of Europe.
And the important thing to understand is that the dominance of creditor interests on both sides of the Atlantic, supported by false but viscerally appealing economic doctrines, has had tragic consequences. Our economies have been dragged down by the woes of debtors, who have been forced to slash spending. To avoid a deep, prolonged slump, we needed policies to offset this drag. What we got instead was an obsession with the evils of budget deficits and paranoia over inflation - and a slump that has gone on and on.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Motorola unveils Moto G and Moto X on FlipkartMotorola unveils new Moto G and Moto X, smartwatch
By Danish Khan ,  | 6 Sep, 2014, 02.31AM IST
0
Share More
Along with the Moto 360 smartwatch, Motorola will make the Moto X available later this month. The pricing of both the devices will be announced later.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Motorola Mobility sees India as one of its biggest markets globally, a top executive said, as the company that would soon become part of the Lenovo group launches upgraded versions of its smartphones and a new smartwatch. "The Indian market is massive and tremendously important to us. We completely believe in what we are doing here.
Now, we are able to grow on the portfolio we have," Senior Marketing Director Marcus Frost told ET on Friday. The company upgraded its smartphone portfolio with the launch of improved versions of the Moto G and Moto X smartphones. It is bringing these devices along with its first smartwatch, Moto 360, to India simultaneously with their global launches. Motorola has high ambitions from its new smartphones, Marcus said, and added that it will bring the next significant update of the Android operating system, Android L, to these new devices.
The latest Moto Gis available in the market starting Friday while the Moto X and the Moto 360 smartwatch will be available later this month.Marcus said the company has learnt a lot from the Moto G, which ran out of stock in the first couple of days of launch. "We corrected that instantly, which shows the might of Motorola at the background."Danish.Khan

Celebrating aunty swagUpdated: September 5, 2014 19:03 IST
Celebrating aunty swag
The Hindu Meeta Sethi. Photo: Vivek Shraya
TOPICS
human interest
What’s life without the omnipresent aunties, their inappropriate questions, and spicy gossip? Toronto-based Meera Sethi documents their unique sense of fashion.
We’ve all encountered them in our lives; tried to dodge their questions about our impending marriages and their determined attempts at pinching our cheeks, but with no luck. They’re on Facebook approving our profile pictures and on instant messaging trying to fill us in on the latest gossip or stuff our faces with sweets when we visit their homes. They’re the omnipresent aunties we come across on our streets, at family functions and even while grocery shopping. Toronto-based Meera Sethi has been documenting them through a Tumblr project called Upping The Aunty.
It all started when Meera Sethi was having dinner with two Indian women. “We began talking in ‘aunty-speak’ (using words and expressions that our aunties use) at which I made a pun that we were ‘upping the aunty!’ That’s where the idea began,” she says. While she was growing up, Meera was surrounded by her aunties: at family parties, dinners, pujas and weddings. “They were a constant and important presence in my life. My aunties were there with endless, inappropriate jokes, teachings on tradition, the occasional admonition or intrusive question, and of course, plenty of food! Upping the Aunty is inspired by my own aunties and their fabulousness.”
To the uninitiated, who is an aunty? The term brings to mind a sari, salwar or even a kurta-jeans clad woman who is roughly around our mother’s age. “Aunty is a strong cultural motif for South Asians where any woman at least a generation older becomes an aunty. There is a trend in street fashion photography to capture (stylish) folk out and about in their everyday wear. I began this project as a way of challenging how we understand street fashion and, through this, honouring the role of our aunties, particularly in the South Asian diaspora,” she explains.
Her Tumblr, Upping The Aunty, celebrates the elders in South Asian communities, and their role in passing on social and cultural knowledge. It acknowledges aunties in their colourful cotton saris, wearing oversized retro sunglasses, and carrying tiny handbags on their daily routine. It also showcases those in richly embroidered saris, decked up with jewellery for a wedding, showing off mehendi patterns till their elbows. In short, Meera pays homage to them.
“With this project,” the 38-year-old says, “I am curious to know what motivates the clothing choices our aunties make, and how this shifts across borders and life histories. I carry my camera with me and shoot if I see someone I find interesting.”
Does she scout for particular locations? “I did a lot of this in Mumbai, particularly at the Gateway of India on Sunday afternoons, where aunties would come all dressed up for a day out. Mumbai being a cosmopolitan and busy city, there were aunties from all over India; both travellers and locals. I am currently in the process of photographing aunties in Toronto.”
A full-time visual artist, Meera migrated to Toronto from New Delhi when she was two years old. She makes it a point to carry her camera wherever she goes and plans to look for aunties in the cities she visits.
One of her most memorable encounters with aunties was at family weddings where they would dress in drag (as men) and perform songs. While her life as a professional artist began unexpectedly,
Meera says that she is drawn to the cultural, political and spiritual lives of diasporic South Asians “and the hybridity of our identities as expressed through what we wear.
It is a curiosity about my own life history that extends outwards.”

Rajoo Engineers: Outcome of AGMSep 05, 2014, 04.10 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Rajoo Engineers: Outcome of AGM
Rajoo Engineers has informed that the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rajoo Engineers: Outcome of AGM
Rajoo Engineers has informed that the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Rajoo Engineers Ltd has informed BSE that the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Kerry Seeks Coalition Against ISIS - but No Ground Troopskerry seeks coalition against isis - but no ground troops
Facebook ends  pay to play  feature on SlingshotFacebook ends  pay to play  feature on Slingshot
BP may be fined up to $18 billion for spill in GulfBP may be fined up to $18 billion for spill in Gulf
Twitpic to shut down due to trademark brawl with TwitterTwitpic to shut down due to trademark brawl with Twitter
RBI to hold rates on Sep 30; may cut in FebHi Guest
'RBI to hold rates on Sep 30; may cut in Feb'
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to hold the key interest rate in its policy review meeting later this month and is expected to lower that from February, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report. According to the global financial services major, the Consumer Price Index based inflation is peaking off and is expected to be around 7.5-8 per cent in September.  "We expect the RBI to begin to cut rates starting February with stable oil prices and INR providing comfort that Consumer Price ...

Buy Eros Intl; target of Rs 264: KRChokseyLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Eros Intl; target of Rs 264: KRChoksey
KRChoksey is bullish on Eros International Media and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 264 in its September 5, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
KRChoksey research report on Eros International Media
Eros has acquired controlling stake in Techzone (a leading mobile value added  service provider) for ~Rs.50 crore. Acquisition of Techzone will enable the company to tap mobile subscribers in India. Techzone provides option to mobile subscribers for availing services by debiting their mobile bill instead of using credit/debit card. The company has not revealed financials of Techzone; however mentioned that it has net profit margin of 15% and earnings are less than Rs.10 crore. Moreover, the company has tied up with Hathway Cable for marketing its premium ‘Eros Now’ services to their subscribers.  We believe, the steps taken by Eros to augment its revenue from Digital Platforms is a step in right direction; as digital platform not only provides additional source of revenue but also provide revenue visibility (being annuity in nature).
We believe strong movie slate lined-up for release in FY15E will support mid-teen growth rate in the coming year. Moreover, we expect EBITDA margin will continue to be in the range of 26% supported by catalogue monetization and traction in different digital platforms. We recommend “BUY” on the stock with a price target of Rs.264 by assigning P/E multiple of 10 times to FY16E EPS of Rs.26.4.
 For all recommendations,  click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy Marico; target of Rs 325: SharekhanLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Marico; target of Rs 325: Sharekhan
Sharekhan is bullish on Marico and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 325 in its September 5, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
Sharekhan research report on  Marico
Marico is set to benefit from the recent softness in the price of copra, which is a key raw material for the company (accounting for 40% of its total cost). Copra prices have corrected by 10% from their high of Rs120 per kg due to sluggish demand in the last 20-25 days. More importantly, copra prices are likely to soften more after the Onam festival (which is a key driver of the demand for copra in south India in August and September).
If the copra prices continue to slide, the gross profit margin of Marico may recover substantially from Q4FY2015 and reflect a fuller benefit of the softening prices in the first half of FY2016. Moreover, the improving consumer sentiment is also likely to boost the sales volumes in the hair oil segment. In Q1FY2015, Marico showed signs of a pick-up in volumes in the coconut oil (under the Parachute brand) and value-added hair oil segments. Apart from inhaler drugs, the mid-term opportunity is likely to come from HIV drugs like generic Atripla (market size of $3.3 billion) and generic Truvada (market size of $3.1 billion).
 To factor in the improving business conditions, we have marginally revised upwards our earnings estimate for FY2016 by 3%. Further, we have introduced our FY2017 earnings estimate in this note and accordingly rolled over our price target to Rs325 (having valued the stock at 25x FY2017E earnings). In view of the improving growth prospects and an upside of around 17% to the stock price, we have also upgraded our rating on the stock from Hold to Buy.
For all recommendations,  click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Everyone Is Eating Healthier In America -- Except For The PoorIn America, Only The Poor's Eating Habits Aren't Improving
 | By                                                                By LINDSEY TANNER
reddit
CHICAGO (AP) — Americans' eating habits have improved — except among the poor, evidence of a widening wealth gap when it comes to diet. Yet even among wealthier adults, food choices remain far from ideal, a 12-year study found.
On an index of healthy eating where a perfect score is 110, U.S. adults averaged just 40 points in 1999-2000, climbing steadily to 47 points in 2009-10, the study found.
Scores for low-income adults were lower than the average and barely budged during the years studied. They averaged almost four points lower than those for high-income adults at the beginning; the difference increased to more than six points in 2009-10.
Higher scores mean greater intake of heart-healthy foods including vegetables, fruits, whole grains and healthy fats, and a high score means a low risk of obesity and chronic illnesses including heart disease, strokes and diabetes. Low scores mean people face greater chances for developing those ailments.
The widening rich-poor diet gap is disconcerting and "will have important public health implications," said study co-author Dr. Frank Hu of the Harvard School of Public Health. Diet-linked chronic diseases such as diabetes have become more common in Americans in general, and especially in the poor, he noted.
"Declining diet quality over time may actually widen the gap between the poor and the rich," Hu said.
Harvard School of Public Health researchers developed the healthy diet index used for the study. It is similar to federal dietary guidelines but features additional categories including red and processed meats, sugar-sweetened beverages and alcohol.
The study authors used that index along with government estimates on trans fat intake to evaluate information in 1999-2010 national health surveys that included interviews with people about their eating habits. The results are published Monday in JAMA Internal Medicine.
Hu said the widening diet gap reflects an income gap that deepened during the recent financial crisis, which likely made healthy food less affordable for many people. Hu also noted that inexpensive highly processed foods are often widely available in low-income neighborhoods.
The overall diet improvement was largely due to decreased intake of foods containing trans fats but the disappointing results point to a need for policy changes including better nutrition education, Hu said.
In recent years the government and manufacturers have moved to phase out use of artificial trans fats in foods including processed cookies, cakes, frozen pizza and margarines. Trans fats contribute to unhealthy cholesterol levels and can increase heart disease risks. These fats are made by adding hydrogen to vegetable oil to improve texture and shelf life.
The study authors say their results are consistent with an earlier report showing that "nearly the entire U.S. population fell short of meeting federal dietary recommendations."
The federal guidelines are updated every five years and new ones will be issued next year. The current recommendations emphasize limiting intake of trans fats, sodium, processed foods and added sugars. They don't specify amounts but encourage diets high in whole grains, vegetables and fruits.
The Harvard index has a similar emphasis with some specifics; to get a top score would include eating daily more than two cups of vegetables, at least four servings of fruit and at least one ounce of nuts.
A JAMA Internal Medicine editorial says the Harvard diet index isn't perfect because it puts equal emphasis on various foods that may not contribute equally to health. Still, the study highlights a "growing chasm" that is a public health concern, the editorial says. It suggests that government efforts to close the gap with programs including food stamps may be insufficient and that limiting government benefits to cover only healthful foods might be a better strategy.
___

SC declines to give relief to Mallya  Kingfisher AirlinesNew Delhi, September 2, 2014
Updated: September 3, 2014 00:04 IST
SC declines to give relief to Mallya, Kingfisher Airlines
Krishnadas Rajagopal
The Hindu State-run United Bank of India on Monday became the first lender to declare debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines and its promoter Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulters.
TOPICS
company information
Tells them to go back to the High Court on the action of United Bank of India
The Supreme Court on Tuesday denied relief to debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines challenging the decision of the Grievance Redressal Committee (GRC) of United Bank of India (UBI) to declare the airline and its promoter Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulters.
A Bench of Justices Anil R. Dave and U. U. Lalit refused to entertain the company’s petition seeking a direction to the government allowing liberty to make representation before the UBI’s grievance committee and right to a legal representative.
The airline claimed that it was declared a wilful defaulter without giving it an opportunity to be heard. It submitted, through counsel, that the defaulter order by UBI “blacklists” the company leading to serious consequences.
“Your grievance has been that Grievance Redressal Committee should not decide the matter but they have already decided it, therefore your plea is infructuous” the Bench observed.
Kingfisher’s submission
Kingfisher submitted that the committee passed the order despite being informed that it had filed an appeal in the Supreme Court against the Calcutta High Court order dismissing its plea that Mr. Mallya and the board of directors might be represented by its law officers or company secretary on a show cause notice by UBI for alleged wilful default on payment of dues of Rs.400 crore. However, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi opposed the plea of Kingfisher saying it had been for months seeking adjournments in the High Court and allegedly indulged in diverting funds without paying salary to its employees. The Bench said since the petition here had become infructuous, Kingfisher could return to the high court and challenge the bank committee’s order.
PTI reports:
United Bank of India, on Monday, became the first lender to declare debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines and its promoter Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulters.
Assailing the GRC order, senior advocates Abhishek Singhvi and Parag Tripathi, appearing for Kingfisher, said the bank should have waited for the outcome of the appeal before the apex court as the airline was only seeking that its promoter and directors should be allowed to be represented by their counsel.
They said the petition was, on Monday, mentioned before the bench headed by Chief Justice R. M. Lodha, which declined to give urgent hearing and listed the matter for Tuesday.
The division bench had upheld an order of single judge delivered on July 10, directing the UBI authorities to give a 72-hour notice to Kingfisher for fixing a date for the meeting.

Starbucks Apologizes For Not Letting Woman s Service Dog Into StoreStarbucks Apologizes For Not Letting Woman's Service Dog Into Store
Posted:
reddit
ROCHESTER, N.Y. (AP) — Starbucks has apologized to a 24-year-old woman who said she wasn't allowed in a Rochester-area store because she had a service dog.
The Democrat and Chronicle of Rochester reports (http://on.rocne.ws/1rlLHnL) that Amy Kaplan of suburban Brighton said she was denied service after entering a Starbucks on Sunday afternoon with her service dog, a malamute named Zero.
Kaplan suffered a traumatic brain injury in a traffic accident, and the dog helps her cope with memory issues and anxiety.
She posted a video to YouTube in which an employee tells her she can't come in the store with a service dog.
A Starbucks official told Kaplan in an email that he wanted to personally apologize.
More:

Nifty Likely to Cross 8300 in 2 Weeks: Shrikant ChouhanYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Nifty Likely to Cross 8300 in 2 Weeks: Shrikant Chouhan
Published On:                  September  3, 2014                 | Duration: 14 min, 46 sec

Bare Fare  Promotion Exploits Celebrity Picture Leaks To Sell Ticketsreddit
You know what really makes us want to support a company? When they use the public violation of women's privacy to sell tickets.
Spirit Airlines emailed a "bare fare" promotion to their mailing list today, making light of this weekend's celebrity nude photo leak . Instead of showing compassion for the people whose privacy was breached, someone thought this would be the perfect opportunity to sell some airline tickets.
Don't care how low @SpiritAirlines fares get. Not ever flying with them again when they pull stuff like this: pic.twitter.com/7Cni9Z32pB #p2
— Marc Peters (@rippleofhope) September 3, 2014
In an email titled "Our Selfie Leaked Too..." the company uses the image of a semi-nude woman to promote their "bare fare." The text reads: “We feel naked; you were never supposed to see this Bare Fare! It was meant for a special someone (who isn’t you). Now it’s all over the Internet for you to take advantage of as you see fit.”
They also tweeted the ad, but deleted the tweet after backlash from Twitter users who described the ad as "lacking in taste," "vile," "shameless" and "almost unbelievably crappy."
A spokesperson for Spirit Airlines told The Huffington Post that the "bare fare" campaign was originally launched in May, referring to their "unbundled" fees. The idea was reused in the tweet and email blast sent today.
"It coincides with a trending news story that's out there... It was not meant to be offensive," he told HuffPost. "Our ads are meant to be different. We acknowledge and accept that some people may not feel the same way."
Sorry Spirit Airlines, but that's just not gonna fly.
Also on HuffPost:
11 Horrifyingly Sexist Vintage Ads
of

Ask Matt: Avoid "going concern" companiesAP
Q: Should investors avoid “going concern” companies?
A: If an accountant is worried about the survival of a company, investors should be terrified.
Auditors and accountants have the responsibility of looking over companies’ financial statements to make sure they are accurate. But as part of this process if accountants see reason the company’s survival might be in question, it’s their responsibility to tell investors. These notices to investors are called “going concern” opinions, and should not be taken lightly by investors.
If you’re investing in a company where the accountants have expressed a “going concern” opinion, that’s not a stock you should be holding. Only speculators and specialized investors with experience in distressed situations have any business holding shares of a company where survival is in such doubt. Remember that owners of a company’s common equity are last in line at the asset buffet table in the case that a company fails and is liquidated for restructured. Stock holders typically end up with next to nothing when things get this bad.
Luckily, most of the companies that get “going concern” opinions are relatively small or don’t trade on major exchanges. And number of companies getting this black mark is also falling.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

First Gap Store in Either Mumbai or Delhi: Arvind LtdYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
First Gap Store in Either Mumbai or Delhi: Arvind Ltd
Published On:                  September  3, 2014                 | Duration: 9 min, 12 sec
Tweet
Sanjay Lalbhai, chairman and managing director, Arvind Ltd says the first Gap store that the company is bringing to India through a licensing agreement will either be in Mumbai or Delhi. The discussions on the location are still on and the launch would happen by April next year, he added.

Fujitsu to set up competency centre in BangaloreNEW DELHI, September 4, 2014
Updated: September 4, 2014 21:03 IST
Fujitsu to set up competency centre in Bangalore
Yuthika Bhargava
company information
Japanese technology firm Fujitsu on Thursday said it will set up a high performance computing (HPC) Competency Centre in Bangalore to help scientists and engineers perform advanced computational work.
HPC is use of supercomputers and parallel processing techniques for solving complex computational problems. The technology is used to design and test products; research and analyse data.
“We are witnessing strong demand for HPC in India. We will open the Fujitsu HPC Competency Center in Bangalore, the first such by a technology vendor in India and our fifth such centre globally," Fujitsu Technology Solutions General Manager (Global HPC) Naoya Tamura told reporters here.
He added that the demand is driven from application areas like advanced drug discovery, seismic engineering for oil exploration, automotive design and industrial manufacturing.
Other players with HPC offerings include HP and IBM.
Besides, the company has appointed Andy Stevenson as Head of Middle East and India as it looks to expand its operations in the region.
“We see India as an important market with long-term promise of economic growth and stability. There is tremendous interest from Government and the private sector alike, to deploy ICT in building smart and integrated infrastructure," Mr. Stevenson said.

UBS on United Spirits  Q4 ResultsYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
UBS on United Spirits' Q4 Results
Published On:                  September  4, 2014                 | Duration: 6 min, 46 sec

Bandhan leads in Q1 disbursalsUpdated: September 4, 2014 23:33 IST
Bandhan leads in Q1 disbursals
N. Anand
financial and business service
Top 10 MFIs account for 77 per cent of total disbursements and the average loan disbursement per account is around Rs.15,000.
Bandhan Financial Services emerged as the top non-banking finance company-micro finance institution (NBFC-MFI) in the country by disbursing Rs.2,544 crore during the first quarter of 2014-15 against Rs.1,584 crore in the year ago period.
SKS Microfinance and Janalakshmi Financial Services occupied the next two slots with disbursals of Rs.1,160 crore and Rs.707 crore, respectively. Top 10 MFIs accounted for 77 per cent of total disbursements and the average loan disbursement per account was around Rs.15,000.
Data furnished by the Microfinance Institutions Network (MFIN) MicroMeter in its 10 edition on the status of microfinance industry for June 30, 2014, stated that MFIs disbursed over 6.3 million (4.7 million) loans worth Rs.9,420 crore against Rs.6,385 crore.
These institutions provided micro credit to over 26.5 million clients against 21.5 million.
When compared with the Q1 of 2013, disbursements in Q1 grew 48 per cent.
The gross loan portfolio of MFIs stood at Rs.26,150 crore. It excluded non-performing portfolio of Rs.2,800 crore in Andhra Pradesh. During the first quarter, 80 per cent of MFIs posted positive growth in gross loan portfolio over the first quarter of 2012-13. An MFIN spokesman said that the analysis was based on data collected from 48 MFIN members, out of which 33 had received the NBFC-MFI registration.

Radio Taxi industry in talks with RBIUpdated: September 4, 2014 23:32 IST
Radio Taxi industry in talks with RBI
Sanjay Vijayakumar
financial and business service
Cashless mode of payments is going to play an important role in India’s radio taxi market and the industry is in discussions with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to come out with alternative payment models, a top official said. Siddhartha Pahwa, Chief Executive Officer, Meru Cabs said the industry had given a couple of proposals to the RBI on the alternatives, which includes solutions such as a prepaid wallet and exempting a certain amount of rupee transactions from the two factor authentication.
“RBI will come out with the circulars and guidelines in the next couple of months,” Mr. Pahwa said.
Last month, the RBI had mandated that a local service payment must have 2-factor authentication and be routed through domestic gateways. The move came after local taxi companies had complained that Uber was not following the two-step verification process required for credit card transactions in India.
RBI did not name any company in its notification.
The taxi market in India is pegged at $13 billion, with only 5 per cent being organised. Of late, the Industry is witnessing intense competition.

Draghis intervention startles marketsLast updated: September 4, 2014 7:14 pm
Draghi intervention on rates and bonds startles markets
By Claire Jones in Frankfurt and Thomas Hale and Elaine Moore in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce193ae0-341f-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall Street ends down as energy shares decline  offset ECBWall Street ends lower as Apple falls, bond yields rise
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. The Home Depot
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday as Apple  shares declined and as bond yields hit their highest in a month on concerns the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates sooner than some investors had expected.
All 10 S&P 500 sectors ended lower. Apple shares, which jumped as much as 4.8 percent earlier in the session after the company unveiled a smartwatch, ended down 0.4 percent at $97.99. Apple also announced two larger iPhones.
Benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note yields rose to 2.5 percent.
Apart from geopolitical concerns, investors are becoming increasingly worried about the global economy, and especially Europe, weakening again. ( Gail MarksJarvis )
Sectors with high-dividend paying stocks including utilities were among the day's weakest. The utilities sector <.SPLRCU> and telecommunications <.SPLRCL> each fell 1.2 percent.
Improving U.S. economic conditions may force the Federal Reserve "to tighten sooner rather than later," said Doug Cote, chief market strategist with Voya Investment Management in New York.
"Rising rates are an immediate discount for financial assets, including equities," he said.
8
Shares of Home Depot  fell 2.1 percent, a day after the company confirmed its payment security system had been breached.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> declined 97.55 points or 0.57 percent, to 17,013.87, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 13.1 points or 0.65 percent, to 1,988.44 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 40.00 points or 0.87 percent, to 4,552.29.
About 5.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 5.5 billion average for the last five days, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
The Fed supposedly owns 1/4 of ALL stocks. Anybody who still thinks investing in the stock market, and the dollar is getting stronger, is an idiot.
Jackie Puppet
90
In the options market, Apple options volume rose to a record daily volume of 2.97 million contracts traded, according to Henry Schwartz, president of options analytics firm Trade Alert. Contract volume was about three times normal and calls led puts by a ratio of 2.1:1, according to Trade Alert data.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Pulse Electronics , which was rising 53.47 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was Usec , down 18.05 percent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Brazil's Petrobras , down 2.83 percent to $17.83 and Pfizer , down 0.58 percent at $29.23.
Besides Apple, Yahoo , down 2.5 percent at $40.78, and Microsoft , up 0.6 percent to $46.76 were among the most actively traded on Nasdaq.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,338 to 698, for a 3.35-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,046 issues were falling and 637 advancing for a 3.21-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The broad S&P 500 index was posting 17 new 52-week highs and five new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 56 new highs and 58 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; Editing by Nick Zieminski, Chris Reese and Meredith Mazzilli)

Poisonous cobra caught. You may now go outside  California!By Elahe Izadi September 4 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Animal control workers on Thursday caught a poisonous albino cobra on the loose in Thousand Oaks, Calif., the Los Angeles CBS affiliate reports .
A dog in the neighborhood that suffered a snake bite on Monday was taken to a clinic and has since been released with a bandaged neck, the Los Angeles Times reported .
“This is a venomous and very dangerous animal that the public should not approach for any reason,” a Los Angeles County official told ABC News .
In fact, a bite from the cobra can kill a person within an hour, depending on his or her immune system,  Alfred Aguirre, a Los Angeles animal control officer told the Los Angeles Times. Aguirre had advised residents to keep all dogs inside, from Chihuahuas to Great Danes.
But, as CBS points out, dogs can now roam free:
#BREAKING The albino cobra has been captured in Thousand Oaks. It is safe to let the dogs out. — CBS Los Angeles (@CBSLA) September 4, 2014
The 5-foot-snake hails from Southeast Asia. It’s still unclear just who let the cobra out — who, who, who, who, who?
 
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post. She can be reached at elahe.izadi@washpost.com and on Twitter @ ElaheIzadi .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409873188/1409873188000/1409873188 tracking: {authors=Elahe Izadi, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=poisonous-cobra-caught-you-may-now-go-outside-california, post_id=11005, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 11:26:28 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 11:26:28 PM

Sensex  Nifty under pressure; private banks  auto declineSep 05, 2014, 12.51 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty under pressure; private banks, auto decline
State-run power equipment maker BHEL and coal mining company Coal India are prominent losers, falling 2 percent each followed by HDFC, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Bharti Airtel, Hero Motocorp and Tata Power with 0.6-1.6 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty under pressure; private banks, auto decline
State-run power equipment maker BHEL and coal mining company Coal India are prominent losers, falling 2 percent each followed by HDFC, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Bharti Airtel, Hero Motocorp and Tata Power with 0.6-1.6 percent.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
12:50pm Sharda IPO opens
Sharda Cropchem, a crop protection chemical company entered the primary market with its initial public offering (IPO) with Rs 352-crore public offer, essentially to adhere to SEBI public shareholdings norm of creating a 25 percent public float, says RV Bubna, CMD, Sharda Cropchem.
Bubna feels it is not wise for their business to invest in plant and machinery and therefore, the company invests in agro chemical registrations. They have recently entered into the biocide segment and acquired several registrations from the existing registration holders, in Europe and China. Currently, they have 1,200 registrations globally and further registrations are anticipated to grow at 15-20 percent, he says in an interview with CNBC-TV18.
Cash-rich Sharda has an asset-light business model with zero debt, he says adding that they have Rs 190 crore cash in hand as of March 2014. In addition, Bubna expects margins to be above 40 percent hereon.
12:30pm Jyoti at 20% upper circuit
Jyoti Ltd subsidiary bagged a hydropower order worth Rs 423 crore, of which the company’s share in the order is worth just Rs 100 crore, says Ajay Kamdar, Chief Financial Officer, Jyoti Limited.
The Gujarat-based hydro turbines and generators manufacturer's JV with Megha Engineering & Infrastructure has won a 5-year deal from Narmada Nigam for EPC of civil, electro-mechanical and hydro-mechanical works including operations and maintenance for Saurashtra Branch Canal Project in Mehsana district.
12:00pm The market erased early gains with the Sensex falling 101.53 points to 26984.40 and the Nifty losing 27.10 points to 8068.85 weighed down by private banking and financials, auto and healthcare stocks.
About 1314 shares have advanced, 1249 shares declined, and 104 shares are unchanged.
State-run power equipment maker BHEL and coal mining company Coal India are prominent losers, falling 2 percent each followed by HDFC, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Sun Pharma, Bharti Airtel, Hero Motocorp and Tata Power with 0.6-1.6 percent.
However, shares of L&T, ONGC, SBI, Infosys, TCS, GAIL, Bajaj Auto and Hindalco Industries bucked the trend, up 0.3-1 percent.
In the midcap space, Gujarat Flourochem, Tilak Finance, Trinity Trade, Bharat Electronics and Voltas rallied 5-10 percent whereas Jaypee Infra, Punj Lloyd, IFCI, Suzlon Energy and GMR Infra lost 5-8 percent.
11:00

On the streets of IslamabadTweet
The Revolution March in Islamabad
Will the Imran Khan and Tahirul Qadri ‘roadshow’ turn out to be a minor diversion in the evolution of Pakistan’s democracy?
Events were hurtling yet again towards proof that democratic politics in Pakistan is its own worst enemy. For roughly a fortnight, as former cricketing icon Imran Khan and the expatriate religious entrepreneur Tahirul Qadri (referred to in media shorthand as the IK-TQ tandem) laid siege to Pakistan’s national capital, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif floundered for a response. The demonstrators had one demand, seemingly non-negotiable: that the prime minister, elected in May 2013 with a comfortable parliamentary majority, step down and hand over to a caretaker administration that Khan would lead.
That demand, sharply at odds with Khan’s image as one who played the game hard but fair, would have been laughed out of court, were it not nurtured by hidden wellsprings of support. And while the political establishment mulled over its best response to the effrontery, the crowds the IK-TQ duo had assembled became increasingly restive, spilling over into the most sensitive precincts of the national capital. They came perilously close to the security perimeter of the prime minister’s residence, raided the studios of the State-owned broadcaster and occupied the street where Parliament is situated.
Pakistan’s Supreme Court weighed in with sharp strictures about the thoroughfare, where all the country’s political aspirations were now focused, being blockaded for a sectarian cause. And Nawaz Sharif himself seemed to shake off the sense of disorientation to call Pakistan’s army chief, General Raheel Sharif, for consultations.
The army was already in place to defend the capital under a constitutional provision invoked in July, well before the IM-TQ ‘roadshow’. Despite broad political consensus over the military operations against extremist militias in North Waziristan — its ostensible rationale — the summoning of the army in aid of civil administration caused great heartburn among quarters that have grown averse to the intrusive khaki presence in politics. And when the army proved rather quiescent to the IK-TQ siege of Islamabad, questions about its intent began to gain new traction.
Army headquarters declined comment on the prime minister’s meeting with the chief of staff. But news organisations that have earned the ire of the demonstrators for their alleged pro-regime stance, reported that the army had disavowed any intent to take over, insisting instead on renegotiating its space within the political realm.
There were whispers then of a Bangladesh-type solution being crafted — undoubtedly, referring to the governing arrangement in that country between January 2007 and the elections of December 2008, where the army’s guiding hand was barely concealed. That followed a breakdown of political consensus, with the ruling party and opposition fighting on the streets over the character of a caretaker administration — required under the constitution — to oversee elections in January 2007.
Politics in Bangladesh is a bipolar dispensation, where one player can make a difference. Khan’s disgruntlement did not rise to the same level even in terms of the politics of the street. He was placed third in the 2013 elections, and newfound ally Qadri has never been a contender for electoral legitimacy, save his 2002 nomination to a seat in the upper house by Pervez Musharraf, the last man to rule Pakistan in military uniform.
A specific ground for unhappiness within the khaki ranks is perhaps the rough treatment Musharraf has been meted out since Sharif assumed power. Now facing charges of treason for his 1999 coup d’état and upending of the constitution, Musharraf has had to suffer indignities that no Pakistani general has ever had to: periodic appearances in court, house arrest and some stern admonitions from the bench.
A key moment in the new regime of accountability came in May 2011, when the head of the Directorate of Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), Pakistan’s “State within the State” appeared before the national assembly, hat in hand. The US had just carried out a raid in the northern city of Abbottabad, a stone’s throw away from Pakistan’s military training academy, to eliminate the alleged mastermind of the global Islamic jihad, Osama bin Laden. And the ISI head at the time, Lt-Gen Shuja Pasha had to don the sackcloth to admit before the country’s elected representatives that his agency had been completely unaware of bin Laden’s presence on Pakistani territory.
Pasha is reportedly now in Khan’s corner, assiduously cheering him on. Others, including former army chief Mirza Aslam Beg, claim to have definitively identified Musharraf’s guiding hand behind the siege of Islamabad.
Yet the political establishment, once known to abandon principle at the first whiff of partisan advantage, allowed not the slightest chink to show in its determination to face the IK-TQ challenge. Former President Asif Ali Zardari urged the prime minister to stay firm, and both houses of Parliament — with Khan’s Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaaf (PTI) members vacating their seats — unanimously resolved not to yield to the mob diktat.
When Nawaz Sharif summoned a joint session of Parliament on September 2, the PTI members trooped back in. Khan himself seemed anxious to shake off the image of being a stalking horse for the army, berating the prime minister for allegedly having asked for General Raheel Sharif’s mediation.
Then another rumour surfaced, egging on the slow-moving tableau of democracy in a self-destruct mode. News outlets, which have themselves been active players in the ongoing drama, reported that Parliament would demand the resignation of Pakistan’s two most powerful men in uniform: the chief of staff and the ISI director-general.
That rumour was quickly dispelled. Speakers in the joint sitting seemed focused more on upholding the fundamentals of electoral democracy, rather than disabusing the army of its political ambitions. A deal seems to be in the works, which would preserve some part of the autonomy that the army fears has eroded rapidly since Musharraf lost power. In the slow evolution of Pakistan’s democracy, where every institution — the judiciary, the uniformed services and the elected bodies — is competing zealously to establish competitive advantage, the IK-TQ ‘roadshow’ may well turn out to be a minor diversion.
(Sukumar Muralidharan is a fellow at the Indian Institute of Advanced Study, Shimla)
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Happy Teacher s Day: Rare photos of Dr Radhakrishnanphoto archives
Happy Teacher’s Day: Rare photos of Dr Radhakrishnan
As the nation celebrates the Teachers' Day today, we present few rare pictures of Dr Radhakrishnan.
Dr Radhakrishnan with former PM Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru on November 14, 1962. (Source: Express archive photo)
(Left to right) Former Maharashtra chief minister YB Chavan, Dr Radhakrishnan and actress Vyjayanthimala are seen together. (Source: Express archive photo)
Former President Dr. Radhakrishnan. (Source: Express archive photo)
The 16 General Assembly of the World Medical Association was inaugurated by former President Dr Radhakrishnan in New Delhi. Seen here from left to right are Dr RV Sathe, Dr Radhakrishnan, Dr Arazo Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru. (Source: Express archive photo)
Dr Radhakrishnan with singer Mohammad Rafi. (Source: Express archive photo)
Dr Radhakrishnan is greeted by music director duo of Jaikishan and Shankar at Rang Bhawan in Mumbai on April 1, 1960. (Source: Express archive photo)
Producer-director Guru Dutt receives Dr Radhakrishnan who was the chief guest at the Charity premiere of 'Kaagaz Ke Phool' at Regal in New Delhi on September 25, 1959. (Source: Express archive photo)
Dr Radhakrishnan attended the premiere of Raj Kapoor's 'Jis Desh Mein Ganga Behati Hai'. Seen in the picture are Balraj Kohli, music director Jaikishan, Allaudin, Raj Kapoor, lyricists Hasrat Jaipuri and Shailendra, dialogue writer Arjun Dev Rashk and actor Nana Palsikar. (Source: Express archive photo)
(Left to right) SV Ramanan (music director and associate director), V Balakrishnana (director), Barnouw - wife of professor Erik Barnouw of the Columbia University, Dr. Radhakrishnan, Pappan (associate director), Director K Subramaniam and Venkat (director of photography). (Source: Express archive photo)
Director Phani Majumdar greets Dr Radhakrishnan. (Source: Express archive photo)

Sahara group chief Subrata Roy seeks 10 more days to finalise sale of 3 luxury hotelsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Sensex volatile  midcaps outperform; NMDC DLF gain 4%Sep 05, 2014, 03.45 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty end lower; HDFC, Hero, BHEL major losers
Hero MotoCorp, HDFC, Coal India, BHEL and ICICI bank are top losers in the Sensex. Among the gainers are L&T, Bajaj Auto, SBI, Cipla and ONGC.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty end lower; HDFC, Hero, BHEL major losers
Hero MotoCorp, HDFC, Coal India, BHEL and ICICI bank are top losers in the Sensex. Among the gainers are L&T, Bajaj Auto, SBI, Cipla and ONGC.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 Market close
The market has once against ended lower. The Sensex was down 70.51 points at 27015.42 and the Nifty slipped 11.85 points at 8084.10. About 1689 shares have advanced, 1280 shares declined, and 118 shares are unchanged.
Hero MotoCorp, HDFC, Coal India, BHEL and ICICI bank are top losers in the Sensex. Among the gainers are L&T, Bajaj Auto, SBI, Cipla and ONGC.
03:00pm Info Edge QIP
The QIP committee of the company on Thursday has approved the preliminary placement document in connection with the QIP and decided to open the QIP issue on September 04.
"Accordingly the floor price in respect of the aforesaid QIP, based on the pricing formula as prescribed in under SEBI regulations, is Rs 766.89 per equity share," said the company in its filing. The stock gained more than 4.5 percent.
02:45pm JSW Steel in News
Shares of JSW Steel gained more than 2 percent on strong improvement in steel production in the month gone by. OP Jindal Group company has reported a 13 percent growth in crude steel production at 11.16 lakh tonnes, increased from 9.85 lakh tonnes in the year-ago period.
"Flat steel products grew by 7 percent to 8.8 lakh tonnes from 8.24 million tonnes and long steel products' growth was a whopping 53 percent in August at 1.96 lakh tonnes compared to 1.28 lakh tonnes in corresponding month of last year," said the company in its filing.
02:25pm Jaypee-RPower exclusivity pact likely to be extended
The exclusivity period of the pact for Reliance Power's proposed acquisition of Jaiprakash Associates' hydro power portfolio in a Rs 12,000 crore deal is likely to be extended by 60 days.
In one of the biggest deals in the power space, Anil Ambani Group firm Reliance Power in July announced that it had signed an initial agreement to acquire all the three hydroelectric power plants of Jaiprakash Associates Ltd. The deal would be worth about Rs 12,000 crore.
Investment banking sources said the exclusivity period of the agreed Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the proposed deal is likely to be extended by 60 days.
The MoU between RPower and Jaypee Group was signed on July 27 and the exclusivity period was to end on September 25, reports PTI.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks remained under selling pressure amid consolidation in afternoon trade weighed down by private banks and auto stocks. The Sensex declined 47.40 points to 27038.53 and the Nifty fell 9.15 points to 8086.80.
The broader markets outperformed benchmarks with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rising 0.7 percent and 1.1 percent, respectively. Advancing shares beat declining ones by a ratio of 1597 to 1239 on the BSE.
Sachin Shah, Fund Manager at Emkay Investment Managers believes the undertone for the market continues to remain buoyant on the back of good foreign insitutional investor (FII) flows and net buying from domestic mutuals funds.
There have been some positive signs on the macro front too like oil remaining subdued, some good quarterly results and government making right noises, which would keep up the buoyancy, says Shah.
State-run iron ore miner NMDC and realty major DLF topped the buying list in Nifty 50, up more than 4 percent followed by Jindal Steel, Asian Paints, ONGC, L&T and Bajaj Auto with 1-3 percent.
However, United Spirits dropped over 3 percent as Credit Suisse reduced its target price on the stock to Rs 2200 from Rs 2700 earlier and lowerd FY15-16 earnins per share estimates by 30-50 percent.
Shares of HDFC, Coal India, BHEL, NTPC, ICICI Bank, Tata Motors, Sun Pharma, Bharti Airtel, Hero Motocorp and Tata Power declined 1-2 percent.
13:00

Chandrababu wants to transform AP into a  digital statePress Trust of India | Guntur | Posted: September 5, 2014 3:45 pm
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu on Friday said he wants the state to be a “digital AP”.
“Our Prime Minister Modi has an ambition to make the country a ‘Digital India’. Now I am thinking to transform Andhra Pradesh into ‘Digital AP’ prior to other states,” he said.
To achieve this vision, they are contemplating to provide ‘Wi-Fi’ service in all educational institutions of the state, Naidu said while addressing teachers and students on the ‘Gurupuja Utsav’ on Friday.
The chief minister said he is also planning to provide i-pads to all students to make them develop an awareness about Information Technology and also to reduce their burden of textbooks.
“Teaching new technology at an early age brings good results, instead of training at a higher age,” he said. “Young scientists and technocrats from the state are now leading the world in Information Technology and we are proud of them,” he said, adding that he has realised the importance of education along with technical and particularly IT knowledge for the students.
The state government has proposed to set up more higher educational institutions just as the Union government wants to establish more institutions like IIT and IIM. After these are set up, the services of best teachers of one institution would be utilised for students from other institutes through video conferencing, he said.
He also appealed the teaching community to strive for achieving 100 per cent literacy in the state in next five years. We are far away at 31st place in literacy rate in the country among other states, but at the same time in technology our state stands ahead, Naidu said.
The previous governments failed to identify  importance of education for socio-economic development and the state lagged behind in achieving higher literacy rate, he rued. On the occasion, he presented awards to 175 teachers adjudged best in the state and also felicitated two teachers who had taught him during his academic years.

Education should not be politicised: Jitan RamManjhiManjhi recollected how in 1956, when he got admitted to Class VIII, he had to walk eight kilometres to reach the high school daily.
Press Trust of India | Patna | Posted: September 5, 2014 4:10 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 4:11 pm
Hitting out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his plans to address school students on the occasion of Teacher’s Day on Friday, Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi said “education should not be politicised” and it would be wrong if anybody tried to do so.
“Education should not be politicised. It would be a wrong thing if anybody tries to do so. Our sole aim should be to provide good education to the children. There is no politicisation of education in Bihar,” Manjhi said  when asked about Prime Minister’s scheduled address to students across the country.
Manjhi said earlier students in Bihar were not supposed to be addressed by Modi, but it was changed later on. He added that students in the state government schools will be unable to listen to the PM due to lack of infrastructure.
“Some private schools have the infrastructure and they have made arrangements to relay Modi’s address to students, but those studying in state government schools will be left out due to lack of infrastructure. If this becomes a regular trend of Modi then the state government will also make some arrangements,” added Manjhi.
Speaking at the Teacher’s day function, the Chief Minister announced that government will open one primary school for every 40 families in the state, and work is already on to have one plus two (Higher Secondary) school in each panchayat.
Manjhi recollected how in 1956, when he got admitted to Class VIII, he had to walk eight kilometres to reach the high school daily. “The vision behind having a plus two school in every panchayat is that the students, especially girls do not face trouble in reaching schools and receiving education,” added Manjhi.
The Bihar CM had some advice for teachers as well. He asked them to discharge their duty with responsibility because “if utensils turn out to be bad then their makers are said to be at fault”. He added that parents and teachers should ensure proper and all-round development of boys and girls.
“I am not saying with any ill feeling, but it is a fact that when people point fingers at Bihar, then they also call our teachers bad.
“Our teachers should be self-contented, should create an environment of respect towards them. Education should not be just bookish and westernised,” said Manjhi.
Hinting at continuous demands by contractual teachers for more salary, Manjhi said, “You should first see the condition of government treasury, put yourselves in our shoes with all the responsibilities towards the state, and then you will see all your notions vanishing.”
Manjhi said private schools are mushrooming in the state and if they are destroyed then the education standard in the state will go down. He also continued…

India needs more competent teachers: President PranabMukherjeePress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 4:08 pm
Noting that India faces a big challenge to improve the quality of teaching and learning outcomes in schools, President Pranab Mukherjee on Friday said the nation needs more competent and willing teachers to achieve these objectives.
Teachers should imbibe in students the values of tolerance, secularism and inclusiveness to make the world a safer and better place to live in, he said addressing the National Teachers Awards function here coinciding with Teachers’ Day.
“India today needs many more competent and willing teachers to dedicate themselves to improving the standard and quality of education being currently imparted.
“Teachers have a vital role to play in the process of upgrading the quality of education which is a direct consequence and outcome of the quality of teachers,” he said.
Observing that a robust and quality-oriented education system is the force multiplier to transform India, he said the country was investing substantially in the education system and has allocated Rs 29,000 crore for Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan and another Rs 5000 crore for Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan.
Other important initiatives include launching of a school assessment programme and the Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme for imparting new training tools and motivating teachers, he said.
He also asked the teachers to keep pace with rapidly changing technologies and pointed to recent budget where allocations were made for setting up virtual classrooms as communication linked interface for cultivating knowledge and online courses.
Mukherjee said the mentoring of teachers should be such that it transforms children into capable, knowledgeable and worthy global citizens.
“The world today faces challenges of violence, terrorism, intolerance and environmental degradation. The values of truth, tolerance, integrity, secularism and inclusiveness need to be imparted to our children to make the world a safer and
better place to live in.
“Dear Teachers, please remember that your mentoring and your way of educating our children must be such that it transforms them into capable, knowledgeable and worthy global citizens,” he said.
In all, 357 teachers from across the country were presented the national awards by the President in recognition of their contribution to the field of education.
The President said the difference an outstanding teacher makes to the learning process is central to the spirit of inquiry that needs to be kindled in young minds.
“The big challenge that we in India today face is to improve the quality of teaching and learning outcomes in our schools. This cannot be done without upgrading the skill and knowledge quotient of our teachers and without involving them fully as equal partners in the nation’s progress,” he said.
He said while the government was aware of the working condition of teachers, substantial improvements in salary scales have taken place over time.
Construction of proper school buildings with toilets and drinking water have also been carried out.
Regular up-gradation programmes for teachers, in-service training and at-hand academic support systems have also been instituted across the length and breadth of our country.
“These constitute welcome steps and are part of an ongoing process aimed at making the work environment for our teachers positive and encouraging,” continued…

Modi-Sharif meeting on margins of UNGAunlikelyPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 4:04 pm
A meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in New York later this month is unlikely given the current state of bilateral relations.
According to sources, there was no proposal from either side to have such a meeting on the margins of the UNGA and as of now it was also unlikely that India would suggest such a parley.
Meanwhile, Sharif has sent a box of Pakistani mangoes to Modi, days after the two countries witnessed a war of words as India cancelled Foreign Secretary-level meeting last month after Pakistan went ahead with talks with the Kashmiri separatists despite India asking it to choose a “dialogue with India or talks with separatists”.
Asked if mango diplomacy would change the mood between the two countries, long-time Indo-Pak observers said sending mangoes by Pakistani leaders has been a very old tradition and were even sent by Sharif to the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee after Kargil war in 1999.
While Prime Minister Modi will be in New York from September 26 to 29, Sharif is scheduled to be there from September 22 to 27. Though there is an overlapping of small period when both the leaders will be there, a meeting is unlikely given the frosty ties between the two countries.
Yesterday, Pakistan Foreign Ministry said it was not aware of any plans for a meeting between Modi and Sharif in New York.
“As regards a meeting (Modi-Sharif) in New York, I am not aware of any such plan as yet,” Foreign Office spokeswoman Tasnim Aslam had said in Islamabad.
According to sources, Sharif has also sent mangoes to President Pranab Mukherjee, Vice President Hamid Ansari and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.

SBI launches new products for childrenSBI launches new products for children
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
State Bank of India on Friday launched two new Savings Bank products — Pehla Kadam and Pehli Udaan — for children.
Pehla Kadam is a Savings Bank account for minor of any age operated jointly with his/her parent/guardian, while Pehli Udaan is a singly operated Savings Bank Account for a minor aged 10 years and above and who can sign uniformly.
Specially branded passbook and cheque book have been designed for these products. All the account holders will be given an exclusively designed personalised photo ATM-cum-Debit Card, the bank said in a statement.
Other features bundled along with the two products include Internet banking with limited transaction facilities like bill payment, opening of fixed deposits, recurring deposits, etc. with per day transaction limit of Rs 5,000, and mobile banking with limited transaction facilities like bill payment, and top-ups with per day transaction limit of Rs 2,000.
While launching the products on Teachers day, students of the school were handed over account kits containing their personalised debit cards, pass books, cheque books, etc.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Ukraine set to ink peace deal with rebelsUkraine set to ink peace deal with rebels
PTI
Tweet
Minsk, Sept 5:  
Ukraine was set to sign a Kremlin-backed truce with insurgents today that could halt nearly five months of bloodshed but whose failure would unleash new Western sanctions against Russia.
But even before the peace talks opened in the Belarussian capital Minsk, renewed combat was erupting on the edge of the strategic port of Mariupol, the latest flashpoint in the conflict that has plunged East-West relations to a post Cold War low.
AFP correspondents also reported heavy bombardments overnight in Donetsk, the main rebel-held city in eastern Ukraine, further highlighting the fragility of any ceasefire deal.
The seven-point blueprint — unveiled by Russian President Vladimir Putin this week after telephone talks with his Ukrainian opposite number Petro Poroshenko — would require government forces to retreat from much of the industrial regions of Donetsk and Lugansk.
But Poroshenko said he held out “very careful optimism” that peace could return to the splintered ex-Soviet country, and vowed to order a halt to hostilities once the pact is signed at the European-brokered talks.
“The only thing we need now for peace and stability is just two main things,” Poroshenko had said yesterday on the sidelines of the NATO summit in Wales.
“First, that Russia withdraw its troops; and second, to close the border. If that happens, I assure you that Ukraine (will) find a peace solution within days.”
NATO leaders voiced strong support for Ukraine at a two-day meeting that has focused largely on Russia’s new expansionist threat.
EU and US officials have said sanctions against Russia would be announced today in response to a major escalation of Moscow’s military support to the rebels.
But Britain’s foreign secretary said today the measures could be lifted in the event of a ceasefire.
“If there is a ceasefire, if it is signed and if it is then implemented, we can then look at lifting sanctions off,” Philip Hammond said at the NATO summit.
Any truce deal would however leave the political status of Ukraine’s economically-vital east uncertain and expose Poroshenko to charges that he had signed his government’s surrender to Russian troops.
Poroshenko had vowed after his May election to crush the rebellion — a mission that seemed on the verge of success until NATO reported last week that more than 1,000 Russian soldiers had flooded across the border with heavy weapons in support of a sweeping counter-offensive by the insurgents.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Jharkhand orders closure of a dozen iron ore...You are here: Home > Collections
Jharkhand orders closure of a dozen iron ore mines
MEERA MOHANTY, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 04.10PM IST
Tags:
Companies
(Tata Steel and SAIL among…)
BHUBANESWAR: The Jharkhand government has ordered closure of a dozen iron ore mines in the state, including those of Tata Steel, SAIL and Orissa Manganese and Minerals, following the Centre's move to amend mineral concession rules of 1960 under which mining leases for major minerals are given out.
A day after issuing the directive, the government served notices to these companies on Thursday, dealing a blow to the steelmakers dependent on raw material from their captive mines in the west Singhbhum region. The closure of mines will also impact companies that buy ore from the market, given the already prevalent shortages in the market.
Tata Steel, for instance, has shut its Nuamundi mines, which met 25-30% of the company's total requirement of raw material and for which it has an environment clearance of 10 mt annually. "Jharkand government will be seeking clarification from the central government. Some other miners are also considering seeking clarification from the Supreme Court," said a senior Tata Steel official, who did not wish to be identified.
SAIL's mines impacted by the order include those in Gua, Kiriburu and Budhuburu.
As ET had reported on August 27, the state government's move was imminent ever since the central ministry of mines amended the mineral concession rules, following the Supreme Court order in May to limit lease extensions without licence renewals.
  The related notification of July 18 changed the rules to allow a grace period of two years only to those companies which applied for renewals for the first time. By clarifying that the "deemed provision" under Rule 24(a)(6) could not be extended to mines waiting for second or third renewals, it rendered their operations illegal.
Experts believe the amendment applies to not just iron ore but also all other minerals including coal, posing a possible challenge to the Narendra Modi-led NDA government at the Centre which is seeking to spur growth.
Jharkhand and Odisha together accounted for nearly 70% of India's iron ore production in 2013-14.
Speaking to ET earlier, Tata Steel's managing director TV Narendran had said the company was in discussion with the Jharkhand government and was hopeful of a resolution. "It is not in the interest of any stakeholder to stop mining operations, hence nobody wants mining to stop," he had said.
The Supreme Court order, in a matter concerning Odisha, had forced Naveen Patnaik's BJD government to stop operations at 26 mines that awaited second or subsequent renewals for their leases. The state, as directed by the court has allowed some mines of SAIL and Tata Steel to restart, with several conditions including getting clearances from the central ministry of environment and forests.
The temporary closure forced Tata Steel to import iron ore.
Miners say the conditions imposed by the apex court are impossible to meet.
Justice AK Patnaik, who had delivered the order in Supreme Court and has since retired, had told ET that the notification was in keeping with the court's ruling. "The execution of the lease is a mere formality. After expiry of the first renewal, mining can be allowed with an express order, and as long as the state government has recorded in writing that the renewal was in the interest of mineral development," he had said.
However, heads of affected mining companies, say officials in the Jharkhand government were of the view that such leases lapsed the day the gazette notification was issued, on July 18.
Rajesh Bansal, a former sustainability head at Federation of Indian Mineral Industries, said miners had suffered not only because of undue delays in renewals, largely at the state level, but also because they were forced to get fresh green clearance at the time of renewals, even for areas that had been mined for decades.
"The Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Bill of 2011 had sought to correct this by terming 'renewal' as 'extension'. The mines ministry could have amended MMDR Act and MCR in that spirit," said Bandal.
Several commissions have slammed the abuse of this deemed provision under the recently modified Rule 24(a)(6). A mines ministry fact-finding commission led by former Supreme Court judge Justice MB Shah had blamed the delays on "the inherited bureaucratic methodology imbued with corruption, note-sheet making, file-pushing, non-responsiveness and passing on the buck to others".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government expanding list of foreign firms t...Government expanding list of foreign firms to buy crude oil
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 04.03PM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
(Of the imports, 80.51 million…)
NEW DELHI: In a bid to widen supply sources, the government is expanding the list of foreign firms that can sell crude oil to state-run oil companies, by including global giants like Italy's Eni and Russian companies.
Besides national oil companies of oil producing nations, the government had on May 21, 2001 permitted state refiners to buy crude oil from top 10 foreign firms. Of this list, a few firms have subsequently merged and some are no longer major players in global oil production and supply business.
The Oil Ministry has now decided to revise the list of multinational companies with whom the PSU oil companies can enter into term contracts for supply of crude oil, official sources said.
Currently, refiners like Indian Oil Corp are allowed to buy crude oil from 10 MNCs -- Exxon (which has merged with Mobil), Shell, BP, Elf (merged with Total Fina), texaco (merged with Chevron), South Korea's SK, Chevron, USX of USA, Spain's Repsol and Nippon Mitsubishi of Japan.
In the new list now being prepared, suppliers from South Korea, Spain and Japan as well as USX of USA have been dropped while Eni, Valero Energy, Russia's Lukoil, Conoco Phillips, Occidental and Marathon have been added.
The new list comprises of 13 MNCs, sources said. Oil refiners buy crude oil from suppliers in Middle East and elsewhere on term or fixed quantity contracts as well as through spot tenders. Term quantities are fixed at the beginning of the year and contracts entered into.
Sources said that for 2014-15, state refiners IOC, Bharat Petroleum Corp (BPCL), Hindustan Petroleum Corp (HPCL) and Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL) require 125.12 million tons of crude oil.
Of this, 25.52 million tons will be sourced from domestic fields and the remaining 99.60 million tons will be imported.
Of the imports, 80.51 million tons will be done on term contract and the remaining 19.09 million tons on spot tender basis.
IOC plans to buy 44.40 million tons on term and another 10.30 million tons spot tender basis. BPCL will import 13.48 million tons on term, HPCL 10.90 million tons and MRPL 11.73 million tons.
State refiners together account for about 56 per cent of the nation's refining capacity.
Sources said the term contracts will be on the basis of official selling price of that country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buy Cipla; target of Rs 658: SharekhanLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Cipla; target of Rs 658: Sharekhan
Sharekhan is bullish on Cipla and has recommended a Buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 658 in its September 5, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
Sharekhan research report on  Cipla
Cipla is undergoing a transformation, which though has affected its performance  in the past few quarters but is set to bring a stronger and sustainable growth over a long period. We believe the unlocking of value from its inhaler portfolio, the launch of key HIV drugs under its institutional business, a direct entry into the US market and cost rationalisation are some of the elements that will facilitate the growth.
Cipla’s focus on the inhaler segment has resulted in the recent launch of the generic fluticasone/salmeterol combination inhaler in a metered-dose inhaler (MDI) form in Germany and Sweden (sold under the brand names of Seretide in Europe and Advair in the USA by GlaxoSmithKline). The company is expected to launch this product in the other European markets (market potential of $2.3 billion) over a period of one to two years and in the US market (market potential of $3.2 billion) after the patent expiry in February 2016. Seretide/Advair is the first among five to six similar opportunities in the inhaler space in Europe and the USA.
Apart from inhaler drugs, the mid-term opportunity is likely to come from HIV drugs like generic Atripla (market size of $3.3 billion) and generic Truvada (market size of $3.1 billion).
For all recommendations,  click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Hard spots found in MH370 search  most likely geological’Hard spots’ found in MH370 search, most likely geological
PTI
Tweet
Sydney, Sep 5:  
The Australian authority leading the search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 said today that “hard spots” had been found on the Indian Ocean seabed, but that most would likely be geological features.
Experts are conducting a sonar survey of a remote patch of the southern Indian Ocean, an area never previously explored in such detail, in preparation for an underwater search for the plane which disappeared on March 8 with 239 people onboard.
The Australian Transport Safety Bureau said the sonar search had provided information on the depth of the water and the composition of the sea floor in the search zone.
“The multibeam sonar can identify degrees of hardness, although it cannot distinguish between (for example) the hard metal of an aircraft and the hard rock of the seafloor,” an ATSB spokesman said.
“The vast majority of hard spots found are most likely to be geological features as opposed to man-made objects.”
Flight MH370 went missing en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing and the seabed mapping has already uncovered previously unknown volcanoes on the ocean floor.
The ATSB said by identifying the hard objects, experts were “informing where closer investigation may be required during the deep water search“.
The plane is believed to have crashed into the southern Indian Ocean far off the west coast of Australia after mysteriously diverting off—course, but a massive air, sea and underwater search has failed to find any wreckage.
Experts have used technical data to finalise its most likely resting place deep under the Indian Ocean and are preparing for a more intense underwater search.
Likely to start this month, this will focus on a dauntingly vast stretch of ocean measuring 60,000 square kilometres (23,000 square miles).
Last month Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said the ongoing mapping of the ocean floor had already uncovered “quite remarkable” geographical features, including the discovery of new volcanoes up to 2,000 metres (6,562 feet) high.
“In one place in particular... the sea depth is as little as 600 metres, and then falls away in just a very short distance to 6,600 metres,” he said.
“It’s quite dramatic in some places, and certainly the equipment could be lost if we had not earlier been able to map it and detect where these mountains are, where the trenches are, and where areas can be searched with the confidence that the equipment will not be damaged.”
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Police foil attempts by four AP men to join ...Police foil attempts by four Andhra Pradesh young men to join ISIS rank
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 04.55PM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(The youths were "attracted"…)
HYDERABAD: An alleged attempt by a group of four young men from the city to join the rank of ISIS, a Sunni jihadist group, has been foiled by the Hyderabad Police .
The four, including two engineering students (all aged between 23 and 25), were tracked down to Kolkata last week from where they were allegedly preparing to flee to Iraq , a senior police officer said.
The youths were "attracted" by the ISIS propaganda on social networking sites and net-based mobile messenger, he claimed.
"However, it were the parents who got "suspicious" about their children and got in touch with the City Police, who in turn picked them up from Kolkata last week based on their parents' information," the police officer said.
The youths were then counselled and sent back to their parents, he added.
Reacting to a query, the officer further said the four youngsters were not in touch with ISIS operatives or vice-versa and it was only through social networking platforms that they were drawn to ISIS.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The forgotten king of PulayanarkottaUpdated: September 5, 2014 17:23 IST
The forgotten king of Pulayanarkotta
Achuthsankar S. Nair
The Hindu The view from Pulayanarkotta. Photo: Achuthsankar S. Nair
Special Arrangement 'Pulayas – soil slaves': A sketch by British circa 1850
The Hindu Parameswaran Asari holds the fable of Kalipulayan close to his heart. Photo: Achuthsankar S. Nair
The Hindu The shrine of Kalipulayan and Kalipulayi in Attakulangara Dharmasastha Temple. Photo: Achuthsankar S. Nair
TOPICS
history
Kalipulayan, the last Pulaya Raja of Pulayanarkotta, sacrificed his life by demonstrating his right to enter the Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple
A hoarding in the city announcing the 152nd anniversary celebration of Ayyankali, the messiah of the Pulaya community of Kerala, describes him as a ‘Raja’. Mahatma Gandhi had also called the social reformer as Pulaya Raja. This status is also related to the connection of Pulayas with Chera dynasty (hence the name Cheramar).
The history of the Pulaya community is scantly recorded. The story of the downtrodden was never a topic of interest for historians until the 20th century. Therefore, it is not surprising that the life of a king of the Pulaya community, who lived some 200 years ago in the city, never got recorded, authentically. But the memory of Kalipulayan, the last Pulaya Raja of Pulayanarkotta, nevertheless remains through fables. A shrine dedicated to him has also surprisingly survived the ravages of time and remains tucked away, right in the middle of the city, in Attakkulangara.
There are several indications that the Pulaya community had a glorious past. T. K. Velu Pillai, in the Travancore State Manual, opines that such a past remained till 700 CE. Bishop Caldwell remarks: “Perhaps the best representatives at present of the earliest race of inhabitants are those long oppressed tribes, now considered the lowest in the social scale”.
Anantha Krishna Iyer in Cochin Tribe & Castes (1909) refers to a Pulaya chieftain called Aikkara Yajamanan. Krishna Iyer C.A. in Travancore Tribes and Castes (1939) mentions that a Pulaya princess named Kotha is said to have ruled over Kokkothamangalam in Nedumangad.
Pulayanarkotta on the banks of the Akkulam lake was also, arguably, home to a Pulaya chieftain. ‘Pulayanarkotta’ literally means ‘the fort of the Pulayas chief or king’; the “nar” at the end of Pulayanar indicates some kind of superior social status.
Samuel Mateer in his Native Life of Travancore (1883) is one of the scholars who refer to Pulayanarkotta. He first sketches the social condition of Pulayas. “They belong to the very lowest grades in caste, having been formerly slaves and still deeply degraded as education and civilization have not yet largely affected them, and their former masters do not wish them to rise to independence or full liberty. Their customs and usages are of the deepest interest to the ethnologist, while their social condition calls for the profoundest sympathy of the philanthropist”.
He then goes on to make his remarks about, Pulayanarkotta. “In the neighbourhood of Trivandrum, Pulayars are accustomed to boast of having once had a chieftain or rajah of their own, who resided in a fort not far off. There certainly are some remains on the summit of a hill near Vely of a mud wall and ditch, some 60 or 70 feet square, enclosing a small level plot of ground now overgrown with shrub and having a deep well inside. This is commonly called Pulayanar Kotta, and a Sudra family in the neighbourhood are called by their fellows “the Pulayan’s Accountants,” and freely admit that their ancestors did hold that office. As Head Pulayars were appointed by the Travancore Government to be responsible for the others in all matters of business, there may have been one chief of all near the capital, to whom, as a politic means of ruling the others, some special privileges, and a small mud walled fort might have been allowed. But it seems impossible to believe that any of this unfortunate race could have been within the last few centuries in possession of independent authority.”
Historian Pattom G. Ramachandran Nair has also recorded oral history about Pulaya Raja of Pulayanarkotta. He also points to the oral tradition that Anayara was once the elephant stables of the Pulaya king.
There is no clear indication about the period of reign of the last Pulaya Raja, we can only infer that he lived during the late 18th century or earlier. The fable that remains today about Kalipulayan comes to us through the members of the Viswakarma community, the community which traditionally worked as carpenters, blacksmith, goldsmith, sculptors and so on. Parameswaran Achari, a member of the community, who has been running a goldsmith shop for almost half a century in Puthen Road junction in Vanchiyoor holds the story of Kalipulayan close to his heart. Parameswaran’s fable has obvious elements of fantasy in it, but hidden somewhere is an indication that, much like Ayyankali who forced entry into a ‘Vidyalaya” (school), Kalipulayan sacrificed himself by entering a ‘Devalaya’ (temple), in an attempt to declare his equality with the Maharaja of erstwhile Travancore.
Kalipulayan and his wife are believed to have reigned over Pulayanarkotta and they were well known for their magical powers. In a fit to reassure the pride of his community, the Pulaya Raja is said to have declared that he being a king, he was entitled to enter the Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple. The Pulaya connection of the temple is well known.
Samuel Mateer, in his work titled ‘Land of Charity’ (1870) refers to it as follows: “The place where Trivandrum now stands was formerly a jungle, called Ananta Kadu. In the centre of this desert dwelt a Pulayan and his wife, who obtained a livelihood by cultivating a large rice-field, near to their hut. One day, as the Pulayan’s wife was weeding her grounds, she heard the cry of a babe close to her, and on search, found it so beautiful that she supposed it was a divine infant, and was at first afraid to touch it.
However, after washing herself, she fed the babe with milk, and left it again under the shade of a large tree. As soon as she had retired a five headed cobra came, removed the infant to a hole in the tree, and sheltered it from the sun with its hood. It was an incarnation of the god Vishnu. While there, the Pulayan and his wife used to make offerings to the babe of milk and conjee in a coconut shell. Tidings of these things reaching the ears of the sovereign of Travancore, orders were issued for the erection of a temple At the place. The natives add that the cocoa-nut shell used by the Pulayan is still preserved in the royal pagoda at Trivandrum.”
Today, the small shrine for Kalipulayan inside the Attakkulangara Dharmasastha temple is kept in a corner. Here Kalipulayan and Kalipulayi are symbolically represented by two tiny pyramids.
Even now we can find settlements of Viswakarma community in Attakkulangara area. Only one shop remains in the area – Chembonippura in Aryasala that still makes brass pieces. All other brass making units have either vanished or morphed into shops which sell brass items brought from elsewhere.
S. N. Sadasivan in A Social History Of India gives a different account of the fate of the last Pulaya Raja. He mentions that Pulayas had a colony in Karamana, with their chief having a fortress and palace in Pulayanarkotta. He had a prominent Ezhava as his minister and a Nair as his accountant (the latter also confirmed by Samuel Mateer).
Chittira, the beautiful daughter of the king was sought by the king of Venad as his concubine, and the demand being spurned by her, the Venad king along with his Marava regiment attacked Pulayanarkotta and killed the king, his daughter and razed the fort to ground.
Today, scenic Pulayanarkotta, which overlooks the city and the lake, has no trace left of the Pulaya King, his mud fort or his kingdom.
The fable of Kalipulayan
Kalipulayan was aware of the practical difficulties of demonstrating his equality by entering the Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple, as in those days the evils of the caste system ensured that members of the Pulaya community could not even come near members of the so called upper caste, let alone a temple run by Brahmins. Kalipulayan had a way out. He invoked his magical powers and produced an oil called ‘Unni thailam’, which was said to have the powers to make people invisible. Kalipulayan applied oil on his forehead and boldly walked into the temple. Not only did he enter the temple and offer prayers, due to his sense of being equal to the Maharaja, he walked into the room in the temple complex where the Maharaja was having his supper. He sat beside the Maharaja and shared the rice porridge (kanji) that the Maharaja was having.
It did not escape the attention of the king that his kanji was diminishing at a faster rate than he was consuming it. Suspecting that something extraordinary was happening, he sought the advice of his astrologer. The astrologer foresaw that there was someone invisible partaking in the supper. The king asked the astrologer to devise a way of catching the culprit and the astrologer suggested a very simple way. The next day, steaming hot kanji was served. The steam from the kanji made the invisible Kalipulayan sweat, and he took his towel and wiped his face and removed the magical oil on his forehead, making him visible to the Maharaja. The cruelty of caste system in Travancore ensured that Kalipulayan was hanged for breaking the caste rules. It is possible that the settlement in Pulayanarkotta was also consequently demolished.
The fable does not end here. It is said that Kalipulayan’s fight with Maharaja continued from the other world. The spirit of Kalipulayan decided to get even with the Maharaja but he chose a rather meek way of doing it. Kalipulayan blew air into the moulds used for making brass vessels to be supplied to the temple and the palace. Air bubbles created defects in the brass vessels. Hit by the problem, Viswakarma brass smiths turned to astrologers for a solution. The astrologer hypothesised the handiwork of Kalipulayan. He advised the Viswakarma community to appease the spirit of Kalipulayan. They did it in the right earnest, inside the Dharmasastha Temple at Attakkulangara, run by their community. It is said that Kalipulayan gave up his vengeance and never again troubled the brassmiths and thereby the king and temple.

Buy UltraTech Cement  ACC and Heidelberg Cement: CK Narayan02:30 pm
CK Narayan, managing director of Growth Avenues told CNBC-TV18, "I would stick most certainly with the leaders within the cement space,  UltraTech Cement  is going absolutely great guns. I would most definitely favour UltraTech Cement.  ACC  is really getting set for a nice drive upwards. These are the two that I would want to concentrate from the largecap space."
"Going down to the midcap or smallcap area, I would probably settle onto HeidelbergCement India. It has a pedigree and it has suitors and it has now the momentum and the volume is also getting filled in. I would pick UltraTech Cement, ACC and HeidelbergCement India  in that order," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Healthcare cos line up to raise Rs 3000 cr via IPOsLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Healthcare cos line up to raise Rs 3000 cr via IPOs
Experts believe the timing is apt – the market in a bull run and many private equity players that have invested in these companies are looking for an exit. Hence, through these IPOs, these PE players will have an easier exit route.
Post your opinion here
04:00 pm
With bulls continuing their run unabated on Dalal Street, several companies are gearing up to take the plunge in the equity space. The healthcare sector is seeing a strong buzz with companies lining up to raise over Rs 3,000 crore through initial public offerings.
Healthcare companies will be listing on the bourses after almost eight years.
Bangalore-based specialist cancer care hospital Healthcare Global has been in talks with several bankers to raise around Rs 500 crore. The valuation of the company is Rs 2000 crore. It has three PE investors, Quadria Capital, Temasek, Premjiinvest as PE investors for whom this IPO may be a good move for a future exit.
Another company that is mulling an IPO is Fortis Healthcare 's diagnostic arm SRL Diagnostics, which is also planning to raise more than Rs 500 crore. The details of it are yet to be finalised.
Experts believe the timing is apt – the market in a bull run and many private equity players that have invested in these companies are looking for an exit. Hence, through these IPOs, these PE players will have an easier exit route.
Some of the other companies that are looking to raise funds via the IPO route are Aster DM Healthcare – which is looking to raise a whopping Rs 1200 crore by listing on Indian bourses and in London; and Thyrocare Labs that looking to raise Rs 500 crore. Thyrocare Labs is looking to list by February 2015.
RELATED NEWS

Obama Wraps Up NATO Summitobama wraps up nato summit
Lava Flow Threatens Hawaiian Homeslava flow threatens hawaiian homes
European shares dip after ECB rally; eyes on US payrollsEuropean shares dip after ECB rally; eyes on US payrolls
Nithari killer kept in high security Meerut jailNithari killer kept in high security Meerut jail
Six teams deployed  two more prepared for floods in J&kSix teams deployed  two more prepared for floods in J&k
Sensex up 1.5% for the weekSensex up 1.5% for the week
CCI probes public sector general insurance companiesCCI probes public sector general insurance companies
Petition in HC challenging Modi s election deferred to Oct 31Petition in HC challenging Modi s election deferred to Oct 31
Reduce Bank of Baroda; target of Rs 725: EmkayLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Reduce Bank of Baroda; target of Rs 725: Emkay
Emkay Global Financial Services is bearish on Bank of Baroda (BoB) and has recommended reduce rating on the stock with a target of Rs 725 in its July 30, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
Emkay Global Financial Services research report on Bank of Baroda
>> BOB’s Q1FY15 NII/ PAT at Rs33.3bn/ Rs13.6bn were ahead of consensus estimates driven by 6bp qoq expansion in NIMs and as provision came lower than expected driven by MTM
>> Stressed assets additions inched up to Rs30bn. (3.2% ann.) as slippages came from restr. loans. But PCR (calc) improved to 50% vs. 49% in Q4FY14. Incremental PCR stood at 107%
>> Stands out amongst peers with (1) strong tier I of 9.1% and (3) capital impairment ratio at 16.1% vs >25% for peers
>> Despite all positives, the run up in the stock leaves no returns on table. Retain REDUCE rating with TP of Rs725
“BOB Q1FY15 NII/PAT at Rs33.3/13.6bn were ahead of consensus by 3%/14% driven by 6bp qoq expansion in NIMs and sharp 50% yoy drop in the provisions. The loan growth stood at 18% yoy. With about 12% growth in Opex, The operating profit came largely in line with estimates at Rs24.8bn. The core operating profit grew by 7% yoy. The bank used MTM gains to improve provision cover by 100bps to 50.2%.. Stressed asset addition inched up to Rs30bn (2.5% annualized) vs. Rs24.5bn in Q4FY14 with slippages at Rs18.8bn and restructuring at Rs9.9bn. Restructuring pipeline stood at Rs10bn for Q2FY15. The bank sold of assets worth Rs1.8bn during the quarter which were standard assets in Q1FY15 but which may have slipped in coming quarters. Loan book grew by 18%yoy aided by 20/15% growth in domestic and international book. Deposit also grew at the same pace at 18%yoy aided by 13%yoy growth in CASA and 30%yoy growth in overseas deposits; even as domestic term deposit growth was lower at 12.4%yoy.”
“BOB Q1FY15 numbers left a positive mark given a) strong NII growth and (2) accelerated provisioning. BOB, stands out amongst its peers given that a) calculated PCR at 50%, compares well with near 30-46% PCR for peers, b) impairment ratio is at 16.1% vs 25-40% for peers and c) a tier I CAR at 9.1% (Basel III). However, the valuations at 1.1x/1.0x FY15/16E ABV seemingly have run ahead of the positives given that the RoEs will continue to be in range of 13-14.5%. We retain our TP of Rs725 and REDUCE rating,” says Emkay Global Financial Services research report.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

RBI to hold rates on Sept 30; may cut in Feb: reportRBI to hold rates on Sept 30; may cut in Feb: report
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
The Reserve Bank of India is likely to hold the key interest rate in its policy review meeting later this month and is expected to lower that from February, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
According to the global financial services major, the Consumer Price Index based inflation is peaking off and is expected to be around 7.5—8 per cent in September.
“We expect the RBI to begin to cut rates starting February with stable oil prices and INR providing comfort that CPI inflation will come off to 6 per cent by early 2016,” BofA—ML said in a research note.
The Wholesale Price Index based inflation fell to 5—month low of 5.19 per cent in July on account of decline in vegetable prices, while the CPI—based retail rose marginally to 7.96 per cent in July, from 7.46 per cent in June.
The BofA—ML report further noted that late rains should water a good winter rabi crop to douse agri—inflation.
Moreover rising investment is beginning to step up agriculture, especially horticulture production.
Secondly, ‘imported’ inflation is expected to abate with the US Fed’s tapering holding global commodity prices in check and stabilisation of the rupee.
Indian diesel prices will get benchmarked to global prices by June and finally, weak aggregate demand will likely check pricing power.
On GDP, the report said that the growth rate is bottoming out. It is, however, expected to return to 7.5 per cent not before 2018.
Soon after taking the reins of RBI in September last year, Rajan surprised the industry by hiking the short—term policy rate by 0.25 per cent to keep inflation under check.
The repo rate or the short term lending rate was increased to 7.5 per cent from 7.25 per cent.
Subsequently, RBI raised repo rate by another 0.5 per cent to keep inflation under check. However, it has kept interest rate unchanged since April this year.
In the recent monetary policy review, RBI kept policy rate static at 8 per cent citing upside risks to inflation in view of uncertain monsoon and its impact on food production as also volatile international oil prices.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Sensex  Nifty scale new highs as markets rise for ninth dayUpdated: September 3, 2014 17:10 IST
Sensex, Nifty scale new highs as markets rise for ninth day
PTI
stocks
Surging for the ninth straight session, the BSE Sensex gained about 125 points on Wednesday to close at fresh peak of 27,139.94 as IT stocks led rally powered by positive economic data and continued overseas fund inflows.
The wide-based NSE Nifty index rose by 31.55 points to close at record 8,114.60 points. The index touched intra-trade record high of 8,141.90 points, surpassing previous record of 8,101.95 hit on Tuesday.
The 30-share Sensex opened on a strong footing and rose quickly to new intra-day high of 27,225.85 points as buying momentum picked up.
But gains were capped by profit-booking at record levels and the barometer settled at 27,139.94 - fresh record closing level - with net gains of 120.55 points or 0.45 per cent over last close.
The Sensex bettered its previous closing peak of 27,019.39 hit on Tuesday. The gauge has now gathered over 825 points in nine straight sessions.
Shares, spread over a broad front, have been hitting new highs for the past few sessions on optimism that the Narendra Modi-led government would announce more reforms that could bring economy back on track.
IT stocks, led by TCS, were in the limelight on fresh spell of buying after bullish US manufacturing and construction data. TCS, Infosys and Wipro rose between 2.45 per cent and 3.4 per cent.
Half of the 30 Sensex stocks closed with gains while the rest ended lower.
Brokers said narrowing current account deficit, better-than-expected GDP growth in April-June quarter continued fund flows. Softening crude prices, hovering at multi-months low have buoyed trading sentiments.
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 672.81 crore on Tuesday as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
Sectorwise, the BSE IT index rose the most by 2.50 per cent, followed by the Teck index by 2.21 per cent and Realty index by 2.15 per cent.

Rupee closes higher by 19 paiseUpdated: September 3, 2014 18:16 IST
Rupee closes higher by 19 paise
PTI
foreign exchange market
Rpeorts of Russia and Ukraine agreeing to a ceasefire weakened the U.S. dollar
Snapping the four-session losing trend, the rupee on Wednesday hit one-month high of 60.33 during the day before closing higher by 19 paise at 60.49 against the dollar on weakening of the US currency amid reports of Russia and Ukraine agreeing to a ceasefire.
Also, continuing rise in local equities and sustained inflows by FPIs/FIIs helped the rupee to strengthen, brokers said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency commenced better at 60.64 a dollar from previous close of 60.68 and immediately touched a low of 60.69.
Later, it gradually bounced back to a one-month high of 60.33 before surrendering some of its gains to settle at 60.49, a rise of 19 paise or 0.31 per cent. In the past four trading days, rupee had dipped by 25 paise or 0.41 per cent.
“The Indian rupee was seen appreciating against the US dollar today. The volatility in the market suddenly increased after the news that Ukraine and Russia have agreed for a permanent ceasefire in Donbass region.
“Easing geopolitical tensions globally have reduced pressure on Indian rupee. On the domestic front, Indian stock markets continued to attract foreign flows. Overall Indian rupee made a low of 60.68 and a high of 60.34 before closing the session at 60.49 levels,” India Forex said in a note.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex extended its rally for the ninth straight session and ended higher by 120.55 points at 27,139.94.
FPIs/FIIs injected USD 144.05 million on Tuesday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index, which was up at over 83 to 52-high, was trading down by 0.12 against six rival currencies.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said, “Today rupee appreciated over quarter per cent as local equities continued its bull run, closing at all time high. Also the Japanese banks were seen selling dollars, helped rupee to appreciate further. Dollar index is trading weak for the day which further aided rupee’s rise.”

Land Rover launches inexpensive seven-seat Discovery crossoverLand Rover launches Discovery sub-brand with all-new Discovery Sport crossover
Land Rover's 2015 Discovery Sport to make North American debut at LA Auto Show in November
The ever-expanding world of luxury compact crossovers got a new member Tuesday afternoon, as Land Rover announced its all-new 2015 Discovery Sport.
The tidy SUV will be the first of several vehicles Land Rover will sell under the family-oriented Discovery sub-brand. This strategy is similar to how the automaker currently sells high-end SUVs and crossovers under the Range Rover nameplate.
Caption 2015 Land Rover Discovery Sport
Land Rover
Land Rover's 2015 Discovery Sport will start at $38,920 and will come with a 240-horsepower, turbocharged four-cylinder engine, all-wheel-drive, and a nine-speed automatic transmission.
Land Rover's 2015 Discovery Sport will start at $38,920 and will come with a 240-horsepower, turbocharged four-cylinder engine, all-wheel-drive, and a nine-speed automatic transmission. (Land Rover)
Caption 2015 Land Rover Discovery Sport
Land Rover
Land Rover's 2015 Discovery Sport will start at $38,920 and will come with a 240-horsepower, turbocharged four-cylinder engine, all-wheel-drive, and a nine-speed automatic transmission.
Land Rover's 2015 Discovery Sport will start at $38,920 and will come with a 240-horsepower, turbocharged four-cylinder engine, all-wheel-drive, and a nine-speed automatic transmission. (Land Rover)
Caption 2015 Land Rover Discovery Sport
Land Rover
Land Rover's 2015 Discovery Sport will start at $38,920 and will come with a 240-horsepower, turbocharged four-cylinder engine, all-wheel-drive, and a nine-speed automatic transmission.
Land Rover's 2015 Discovery Sport will start at $38,920 and will come with a 240-horsepower, turbocharged four-cylinder engine, all-wheel-drive, and a nine-speed automatic transmission. (Land Rover)
Caption 2015 Land Rover Discovery Sport
Land Rover
Land Rover's 2015 Discovery Sport will start at $38,920 and will come with a 240-horsepower, turbocharged four-cylinder engine, all-wheel-drive, and a nine-speed automatic transmission.
Land Rover's 2015 Discovery Sport will start at $38,920 and will come with a 240-horsepower, turbocharged four-cylinder engine, all-wheel-drive, and a nine-speed automatic transmission. (Land Rover)
Caption 2015 Land Rover Discovery Sport
Land Rover
Land Rover's 2015 Discovery Sport will start at $38,920 and will come with a 240-horsepower, turbocharged four-cylinder engine, all-wheel-drive, and a nine-speed automatic transmission.
Land Rover's 2015 Discovery Sport will start at $38,920 and will come with a 240-horsepower, turbocharged four-cylinder engine, all-wheel-drive, and a nine-speed automatic transmission. (Land Rover)
See more galleries
The all-wheel-drive Discovery Sport will replace the slow-selling LR2 when it goes on sale in early 2015, and will make its North American debut at the 2014 L.A. Auto Show in November. It will come with a turbocharged four-cylinder engine and will offer seating for five adults plus two children.
"The launch of the Discovery Sport is a pivotal moment in the 66-year history of Land Rover," said Phil Popham, marketing director for Jaguar/Land Rover. "Not only does it mark the introduction of the first new member of our expanding Discovery family, it also brings the versatility of five-plus-two seating to the compact premium SUV market."

Fed survey points to robust recoveryLast updated: September 3, 2014 8:38 pm
Fed survey points to robust recovery
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0c175dd6-3399-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tesla Chooses Nevada for Battery Factory: Sourcestesla chooses nevada for battery factory: sources
Maruti to start paying royalty to parent company in Indian RupeeYou are here: Home Corporates
Maruti to Start Paying Royalty to Parent Company in Indian Rupee
Reuters | Updated On: September 04, 2014 13:20 (IST)
Apple Unveils Watch, Larger iPhones in Bid to Retake Innovation Crown
New Delhi:
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd, the nation's top carmaker, said on Thursday it would make royalty payments due to parent Suzuki Motor Corp for all future models in rupees to limit risks from foreign exchange fluctuations.
"On all future models the royalty will be expressed in rupees...and not (in) the yen so that we are not exposed to the variation in the exchange rate which has been happening in the past," Maruti Chairman R.C. Bhargava told shareholders at the company's annual general meeting in the Indian capital.
Maruti, over 56 per cent-owned by Suzuki, currently pays royalties in yen for use of technical know-how and its Japanese parent brand name. The company paid Rs 2,486 crore ($412 million), or nearly 6 per cent of its net sales, in royalties for the year to March, according to its annual report for the year.
In February, some large Indian investment funds, challenging a plan by Maruti to source cars from a plant in western India to be built by Suzuki, saying the royalty paid by Maruti to its Japanese parent was too high, a complaint made previously by minority investors.
Maruti, which has said it will take minority shareholders on board before progressing on the new Gujarat plant, expects the factory to be commissioned in 2017, chairman Bhargava said at the shareholder meeting.
Bhargava also said Maruti would invest in increasing its research and development capabilities, and the work done locally would be taken into account while calculating royalty payments.
"That will mean that our expenditure on R&D will get rewarded in terms of lower royalty rates," he said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Microsoft launches  affordable  flagship Nokia Lumia 830The Lumia 830 mounts a10-megapixel PureView camera with ZEISS optics at the back
Tech Desk | Berlin | Posted: September 4, 2014 4:59 pm | Updated: September 4, 2014 5:03 pm
Microsoft has launched its flagship Nokia Lumia 830 Windows Phone 8.1 smartphone ahead of IFA 2014 Berlin. Claiming it to be an affordable flagship, Microsoft boasts serious photographic prowess in the Nokia Lumia 830.
This premium polycarbonate and metal Lumia has a 5-inch ClearBlack display with Curved Gorilla 3.0 glass, and runs a 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor with 16GB of memory, which is expandable by 128GB via microSD.
It comes pre-loaded Microsoft Office, Windows Phone 8.1 with Lumia Denim and 15GB of OneDrive storage.
The Lumia 830 mounts a10-megapixel PureView camera with ZEISS optics at the back with Rich Recording, and the thinnest Optical Image Stabilization system. Microsoft is also looking forward to provide an over-the-air update of Lumia Camera which will deliver a quicker camera start-up time and shooting speeds, and adds new features such as Rich Capture and Moment Capture. The smartphone also comes with a 1 MP front facing camera with support for 720p video shooting.
Specs:
Windows Phone 8.1 with Lumia Denim update
HERE location services
Free global HERE Maps and HERE Drive+Free HERE Transit available in the Store
Display
5” ClearBlack IPS-LCD 1280*720p screenSunlight ReadabilityCurved (“2.25D”) Gorilla 3.0 glass,Super Sensitive Touch for glove and nail usage
Battery
Removable 2200 mAh batteryIntegrated Qi wireless charging
Processor
1.2 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor
Main camera
PureView 10 MP with Optical Image Stabilization. Improved Nokia Camera. LED flash, ZEISS optics
Front facing camera

BP found  grossly negligent  in Gulf oil spillBP 'grossly negligent' in 2010 U.S. spill, fines could be $18 billion
BP found grossly negligent in 2010 Gulf Oil spill
A federal judge has ruled BP acted with gross negligence in setting off the largest offshore oil spill in the 2010 Gulf of Mexico disaster.
A federal judge has ruled BP acted with gross negligence in setting off the largest offshore oil spill in the 2010 Gulf of Mexico disaster.
By Anna Driver and Mica Rosenberg, Reuters
Federal judge finds BP "grossly negligent" in 2010 Gulf oil spill
Judge's Gulf oil spill ruling could mean billions more in fines for BP
HOUSTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. judge has decided that BP Plc was "grossly negligent" and "reckless" in the Gulf of Mexico oil spill four years ago, a ruling that could add nearly $18 billion in fines to more than $42 billion in charges the company took for the worst offshore environmental disaster in U.S. history.
BP said it would appeal Thursday's ruling by U.S. District Judge Carl Barbier in New Orleans, Louisiana, who held a trial without a jury last year to determine who was responsible for the April 20, 2010 rig explosion and spill that killed 11 workers and spewed oil for nearly three months onto the shorelines of several states.
8
Barbier ruled that BP was mostly at fault and that two other companies in the case, Transocean Ltd and Halliburton, were not as much to blame. The disaster struck when a surge of methane gas known to rig hands as a "kick" sparked an explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon rig as it was drilling the mile-deep Macondo 252 well off Louisiana.
Barbier has yet to assign damages from the spill under the federal Clean Water Act or rule on how many barrels spilled, but
David Uhlmann, a University of Michigan law professor and former chief of the Justice Department's environmental crimes section, said the ruling "dramatically increases" BP's liability for civil penalties under the act.
Previous calculations by Reuters have shown fines could run to $17.6 billion in the costliest scenario under a 'gross negligence' finding. The amount is far more than the $4.5 billion maximum fine that could have been levied under a simple 'negligence' ruling.
BP has been poorly run for years
BradSimpson312
9
BP has set aside only $3.5 billion for fines under the Clean Water Act, part of a much broader series of provisions for cleanup, compensation and damages that exceed $42 billion.
"The Court concludes that the discharge of oil 'was the result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct' by BP," Barbier said in his written ruling. "BP's conduct was reckless."
In response, BP said it would challenge the ruling because it believes the standard for proving "gross negligence" was not met. "BP believes that an impartial view of the record does not support the erroneous conclusion reached by the District Court."
If the gross negligence ruling stands, it could create a tough new standard and raise liability risks for the deepwater drilling and other high risk industries, legal and business experts said.
There will be "long-term repercussions," Gianna Bern, who teaches international finance at the University of Notre Dame, said of the energy sector. "Potential liability is now in the stratosphere and that limits the number of players that can engage in this type of activity."
Shares of BP in the United States closed down 5.9 percent at $44.89. BP shares in London also closed down nearly 6 percent, the worst one day slide in more than four years.
A separate criminal case was settled with the U.S. government in late 2012. BP agreed to pay $4.5 billion in fines.
Even after the Clean Water Act fines are set, BP may face other bills from a lengthy Natural Resources Damage Assessment, which could require BP to carry out or fund environmental restoration work in the Gulf, and other claims.
DIVIDEND SAFE FOR NOW
The case will go on for months or even years with Barbier set to assign damages after the next phase of a civil trial over the accident, scheduled for January 2015. The two earlier phases of the trial looked at how to apportion blame and examined how much oil spilled.
BP has been forced to shrink by selling assets to pay for the cleanup. Those sales erased about a fifth of its earning power and it may be pressured by investors to delay making new investments until the lawsuit is resolved.
In addition to the court case, Philip Adams, analyst at Gimme Credit, said BP is vulnerable to growing tensions between the West and Russia. London-based BP holds a 19.75 percent stake in Russian energy giant Rosneft.
Still, the company had $27.5 billion in cash and equivalents on its balance sheet at the end of the second quarter, and analysts think it will keep paying dividends that yield about 5 percent.
Jason Gammel, an equity analyst at Jefferies in London wrote that even with a maximum fine, BP has sufficient liquidity to meet its obligations. "We would expect a lengthy appeals process first. We thus do not believe there is risk to the current BP dividend."
PARTNERS PROTECTED
Under federal rules, a gross negligence verdict carries a potential fine of $4,300 per barrel, far higher than the statutory limit on a simple "negligence" of $1,100 per barrel.
BP says 3.26 million barrels leaked from the well and the U.S government says 4.9 million barrels spilled. The fines will exclude about 810,000 barrels collected during cleanup.
The judge apportioned 67 percent of the fault to BP, 30 percent to Transocean, which owned the drillship, and 3 percent to Halliburton, which did cement work on the Macondo well.
Transocean and Halliburton have settled some liabilities and the judge said they were shielded by indemnity clauses with BP. Texas-based Anadarko Petroleum Corp, which owned a quarter of the well, might have to pay fines under the Clean Water Act, though it has settled other claims with BP.
Gulf Coast states would receive a portion of any fines BP pays to the government.
On Thursday, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement, "We are confident this decision will serve as a strong deterrent to anyone tempted to sacrifice safety and the environment in the pursuit of profit."
The civil case is In re: Oil Spill by the Oil Rig "Deepwater Horizon" in the Gulf of Mexico, on April 20, 2010, U.S. District Court, Eastern District of Louisiana, No. 10-md-02179.
(Additional reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta, Karolin Schaps and Karey Van Hall; Writing by Terry Wade; Editing by Grant McCool)
Copyright © 2014, Chicago Tribune
Related Content

TAKE Solutions offers to help Indian pharma companiesUpdated: September 4, 2014 23:36 IST
TAKE Solutions offers to help Indian pharma companies
Special Correspondent
pharmaceutical
TAKE Solutions, a provider of business and technological solutions in life sciences, has on offer solutions to help the Indian pharmaceutical industry meet the requirements and regulations in the U.S.
TAKE’s Life Sciences practice has verticals such as clinical data operations, regulatory and safety. It offers solutions like material traceability, bar coding, SMAC technologies and adverse event tracking to aid the Indian pharmaceutical industry.
Adopting these, according to Mr. Gowri Shankar, Executive Director, TAKE Solutions, does not entail heavy capital expenditure.

Milestone is readying Rs.500 cr realty fundUpdated: September 4, 2014 23:38 IST
Milestone is readying Rs.500 cr realty fund
Special Correspondent
Mumbai-based Milestone Capital Advisors, is readying Rs.500 crore realty debt fund (with an option for additional Rs.200 crore) that will lend to developers of mid-segment residential projects in five cities across the country.
Five cities
Milestone Opportunities Fund 10, a close-ended residential realty fund, will invest in mid-segment housing projects across five cities — Chennai, Mumbai, Bangalore, Pune and New Delhi — that the company believes are the most attractive markets for residential segment in the country. The Fund will come in at a stage when all approvals are in place and cash flows should have started in residential projects.
“We hope to have a fund size of about Rs.200 crore by the end this month and are confident of raising the total corpus at the earliest,” said Rubi Arya, Vice Chairman and Director of Milestone Capital Advisors. The new Fund will seek to lend in the range of Rs.60-80 crore per project and about 30 per cent of the funds is expected to be committed for projects in Chennai. Milestone has already identified some projects in Chennai that could be executed within a short timeframe.
This Rs.500 crore Fund aims to deliver a gross IRR (internal rate of return) of 24 per cent. It will have a tenure of 3.5 years with a provision for one more year extension and is being mobilised from financial institutions, corporates, high networth individuals and trusts.
Milestone is an Indian PE fund that manages eight funds in realty segment with Rs.2,876 crore deployed across projects.
It claimed to have returned Rs.1,650 crore, about 57 per cent, by way of capital and income to its investors in its realty funds so far.

$15 COULD CHANGE EVERYTHINGreddit
Dozens of people participating in fast-food protests were arrested in New York, Chicago, Miami and other cities Thursday, according to police and organizers.
Fast-food workers and activists protested in more than 100 cities across the country demanding higher wages and better working conditions. The protests are the latest in a series of actions over the past few years aimed at calling attention to the plight of fast-food workers, who typically earn near the minimum wage and are subject to erratic schedules.
Industry groups argue that raising wages would squeeze the franchisees who own most of the restaurants. They also say that fast-food jobs are meant to be entry level, and therefore employees should get entry-level pay. But the economic downturn and slow recovery have meant that low-paying jobs in fast food, retail and other sectors are increasing much faster than middle-income work. That dynamic has forced many breadwinners to rely on multiple fast-food jobs to get by.
The Huffington Post confirmed with police departments across the country that at least 159 people were arrested, issued citations or detained. Organizers claimed 436 people were arrested as of Thursday afternoon, though it’s hard to say whether some of those were citations and not actual arrests. In most cases, the protesters were arrested or cited after blocking streets in most cases. While fast-food strikes have gained media attention over the last few years, Thursday was the first time activists used widespread civil disobedience.
Also on Thursday, home-care workers -- another low-paying, fast-growing sector -- joined the fast-food protests for the first time.
In New York, 19 people were arrested outside of a McDonald’s in Times Square at about 7:45 a.m. They were charged with disorderly conduct for obstructing traffic, a NYPD spokesman told The Huffington Post.
LIVE: Times Square NYC Workers getting arrested for blocking 42nd St. #StrikeFastFood @FastFoodForward pic.twitter.com/ZLU0nst9Q6
— Low Pay Is Not OK (@LowPayIsNotOK) September 4, 2014
First worker arrested for $15 and union rights. #StrikeFastFood pic.twitter.com/UVHsjTfBRM
— Fast Food Forward (@FastFoodForward) September 4, 2014
81-yr old McDonald's worker Jose Carrillo on his seventh strike and under arrest #strikefastfood pic.twitter.com/YrhbMg7Zia
— Daniel Massey (@masseydaniel) September 4, 2014
In Detroit, 30 protesters were detained after they blocked Mack Ave. on the city's east side, a police spokeswoman said. Six were detained on warrants and 24 were arrested and released.
Detroit fast food workers peacefully protest, get arrested for demanding living wage, union #StrikeFastFood pic.twitter.com/94MMZ4hflT
Workers and activists were also arrested in Chicago. A spokesman for the Chicago Police Department said 19 people were temporarily detained and issued citations; they're expected to be released later on Thursday.
BREAKING: FF workers being arrested at strike on southside Chicago #StrikeFastFood pic.twitter.com/QG9vU9Of0A
— Fight For 15 (@fightfor15) September 4, 2014
More fast food wrkrs being arrested at @McDonalds & @BurgerKing in south side Chi #StrikeFastFood pic.twitter.com/Bm2B0DTgGv
— Fight For 15 (@fightfor15) September 4, 2014
Protesters were also arrested in San Diego Thursday morning. A local ABC affiliate reported that 11 people were arrested. A police spokesman confirmed that arrests were made, but could not confirm the number.
UPDATE: 11 people arrested in San Diego fast food strike and rally: http://t.co/wuKzGbjp3p pic.twitter.com/YyQHwypcOU
— 10News (@10News) September 4, 2014
In Indianapolis, 10 protesters were cited for obstructing traffic, a spokesman for the Indianapolis Police Department said.
"They were cited in the parking lot with a ticket and then walked away, no one was handcuffed," said Lt. Christopher Bailey.
In Hartford, Connecticut, 13 protesters were cited for disorderly conduct, according to police.
Protest: 13 demonstrators block Washington St They were issued Community Court summons for Disorderly Conduct and released. Court on 9/12/14
— D/C Foley (@LtFoley) September 4, 2014
In Las Vegas, 10 people were cited after they blocked the north- and south-bound lanes of Las Vegas Boulevard this morning, a police spokesman told HuffPost.
In Miami, seven protesters were arrested after they refused to comply with an order from police to disperse from the middle of the road where they were sitting, a Miami-Dade County Police Department spokesman told HuffPost.
"They were taken into custody without incident," the spokesman said.
Eight people were arrested for disorderly conduct and unlawful assembly after blocking a "main thoroughfare" in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania, a Pittsburgh suburb, according to police.
In Kansas City, Missouri, 47 people were arrested after blocking the on and off-ramp to "a major thoroughfare," according to a police spokesman. He described the protesters are "very cooperative."
"We gave them several warnings and they refused to stand up and get out of the way," he said. "We handcuffed them all and brought them downtown and booked them for blocking the roadway."
Twenty-seven people were arrested in West Milwaukee, according to a press release from the police department there. Photos show Rep. Gwen Moore (D-Wis.) getting arrested.
Congresswoman @RepGwenMoore arrested while standing with workers during Milwaukee's #StrikeFastFood ! pic.twitter.com/6As95j3LBO
— Wisconsin Jobs Now (@WiscJobsNow) September 4, 2014
More:

Systemic risk label proposed for MetLifeSeptember 4, 2014 10:09 pm
Regulators propose systemic risk label for MetLife
By Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/850b91f8-3466-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Seventh Circuit unanimously strikes down same-sex marriage bansBy Dale Carpenter September 4
It seems just yesterday that Judge Richard Posner was excoriating the attorneys for Indiana and Wisconsin for arguing that their states prohibited gay marriages because irresponsible heterosexuals need marriage to make them more responsible for their unplanned children. Actually, it was nine days ago.  Today, Posner issued a remarkable  40-page opinion for a unanimous panel (the other two judges were Ann Claire Williams and David Hamilton) striking down the states’ marriage limitations as irrational and animus-driven.  (Also today, 32 states asked the Supreme Court to take up the issue of same-sex marriage this Term. )
Sidestepping the claim that bans on gay marriage violate a fundamental right, the Seventh Circuit ruled on the more defensible ground that they violate the Equal Protection Clause:
The challenged laws discriminate against a minority defined by an immutable characteristic, and the only rationale that the states put forth with any conviction— that same-sex couples and their children don’t need marriage because same-sex couples can’t produce children, intended or unintended—is so full of holes that it cannot be taken seriously. To the extent that children are better off in families in which the parents are married, they are better off whether they are raised by their biological parents or by adoptive parents. The discrimination against same-sex couples is irrational, and therefore unconstitutional even if the discrimination is not subjected to heightened scrutiny, which is why we can largely elide the more complex analysis found in more closely balanced equal-protection cases.  (pp. 7-8)
Putting the conclusion in more conventional constitutional-law terms, Posner thinks same-sex-marriage bans discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation (he doesn’t even mention the sex-discrimination argument), that such classifications deserve heightened judicial scrutiny, and that the states could not offer any compelling or even rational basis for their marriage limitations.  While at points the decision is unclear about this, Posner notes “the ultimate convergence” of his approach with the heightened scrutiny applied by the Ninth Circuit in cases of sexual-orientation discrimination. (p. 38)
The main elements of suspect-class analysis are there. There is an undeniable history of anti-gay discrimination. Indeed, “homosexuals are among the most stigmatized, misunderstood, and discriminated-against minorities in the history of the world.” (pp. 10-11) Posner lists specific examples at pp. 24-25. Sexual orientation is immutable or at least “tenacious,” (p. 5) a playful Posnerism.  “[T]here is little doubt that sexual orientation, the ground of the discrimination, is an immutable (and probably an innate, in the sense of in-born) characteristic rather than a choice. Wisely, neither Indiana nor Wisconsin argues otherwise. ” (p. 9) Sexual orientation is irrelevant to individual merit. And homosexuals are not so politically powerful that they don’t need judicial protection from majorities. GLBT people are, as we’ve been recently reminded, a tiny portion of the population.
But the heart of Posner’s opinion is his dismantling of the states’ argument that gay marriage must be banned because of heterosexual irresponsibility, an argument rich in irony for gay people who’ve long been accused of all kinds of irresponsibility only to be told now that they are too good for marriage. When asked how letting gay couples wed might hurt marriage as a whole, Wisconsin’s attorney replied, “We don’t know.” Indiana fared no better. Posner says it succinctly:
Indiana’s government thinks that straight couples tend to be sexually irresponsible, producing unwanted children by the carload, and so must be pressured (in the form of governmental encouragement of marriage through a combination of sticks and carrots) to marry, but that gay couples, unable as they are to produce children wanted or unwanted, are model parents—model citizens really—so have no need for marriage. Heterosexuals get drunk and pregnant, producing unwanted children; their reward is to be allowed to marry. Homosexual couples do not produce unwanted children; their reward is to be denied the right to marry. Go figure. (pp. 19-20)
“Go figure” may be the single most memorable riposte to the “we-don’t-know” defense of bans on same-sex marriage.
Posner notes that Indiana refuses to recognize same-sex marriages from other states while recognizing the marriages of fertile first cousins from other states (even though, like same-sex marriages, first-cousin marriages are banned in Indiana itself). “This suggests animus against same-sex marriage, as is further suggested by the state’s inability to make a plausible argument for its refusal to recognize same-sex marriage,” he concludes. (p. 27) For more on animus and same-sex marriage, see my article, “Windsor Products: Equal Protection From Animus.”
Judge Posner also offers responses to the other arguments for upholding the bans, including those based on tradition, caution, and deference to democratic decisions. “Minorities trampled on by the democratic process have recourse to the courts; the recourse is called constitutional law,” he writes.  The only thing the states might once have relied upon–the unadorned moral condemnation of homosexuality–has been denied them by Lawrence v. Texas. Wisconsin and Indiana did not bother with such a justification. (p. 35)
The efforts of gay-marriage opponents, backed by sociology professor Mark Regnerus, to claim that the intact marriages of biological parents are the optimal setting for child-rearing make no appearance in the decision. There’s a good reason for that. There is no proposal on the table to remove children from the happy homes of hitched heterosexuals. The question is, as Posner identifies it, what can be done to better the lives of children adopted by same-sex couples?
There are some gems in the opinion that make it good reading for lawyers and non-lawyers alike, whatever one’s view of its result. What other federal judge would ruminate about the “helper in the nest” theory as a genetic explanation for homosexual orientation? (p. 10)
Posner also has to be the first judge to suggest that allowing same-sex marriage advances the pro-life cause (p. 22), the first to suggest that bans on same-sex marriage are even more onerous than bans on interracial marriage because they allow gay people no prospect of marriage (p. 29), and the first to note that even the second-class marriages condemned in Windsor would be better than the cohabitation left to gay couples in states like Indiana and Wisconsin.  (p. 39)
And I never thought I would encounter this line in a same-sex marriage opinion: “Why does the President at Thanksgiving spare a brace of turkeys (two out of the more than 40 million turkeys killed for Thanksgiving dinners) from the butcher’s knife?” (p. 29)
In short, the opinion is a tour-de-force Posner special. It avoids constitutional-law jargon in favor of substance, omits unnecessary string citations (indeed, whole pages are free of any citations), and eschews footnotes altogether.  It doesn’t hurt the cause of same-sex marriage that, after Learned Hand, Posner is the most influential and prolific federal judge never to serve on the Supreme Court. He’s not always right, but he’s always formidable.
With same-sex marriage now available throughout the jurisdiction of four federal appeals courts (the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and DC circuits), with three circuits having already ruled in favor of same-sex marriage (the 4th, 7th, and 10th), and another sure to follow (the 9th), there are only four circuits where same-sex marriage is a genuinely live issue (the 5th, 6th, 8th, and 11th).
 
Dale Carpenter is the Distinguished University Teaching Professor and Earl R. Larson Professor of Civil Rights & Civil Liberties Law at the University of Minnesota Law School. He teaches and writes in the areas of constitutional law; the freedoms of speech, association, and religion; and sexual orientation and the law.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409886113/1409886113000/1409886113 tracking: {authors=Dale Carpenter, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=seventh-circuit-unanimously-strikes-down-same-sex-marriage-bans, post_id=13031, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 3:01:53 AM close date: Sep 19, 2014 3:01:53 AM

Jyoti hits upper circuitSep 05, 2014, 11.45 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Jyoti at 20% upper circuit; JV gets largest hydel order
The Gujarat-based hydro turbines and generators manufacturer's JV with Megha Engineering & Infrastructure has won a 5-year deal from Narmada Nigam for EPC of civil, electro-mechanical and hydro-mechanical works including operations and maintenance for Saurashtra Branch Canal Project in Mehsana district.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jyoti at 20% upper circuit; JV gets largest hydel order
The Gujarat-based hydro turbines and generators manufacturer's JV with Megha Engineering & Infrastructure has won a 5-year deal from Narmada Nigam for EPC of civil, electro-mechanical and hydro-mechanical works including operations and maintenance for Saurashtra Branch Canal Project in Mehsana district.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Jyoti hit 20 percent upper circuit at Rs 79.30 per share on Friday, riding on the largest hydel order received by it till date.
The Gujarat-based hydro turbines and generators manufacturer's JV with Megha Engineering & Infrastructure has won a 5-year deal from Narmada Nigam for EPC of civil, electro-mechanical and hydro-mechanical works including operations and maintenance for Saurashtra Branch Canal Project in Mehsana district. 
The Jyoti's portion in the order is worth around Rs 100 crore for supply of electro-mechanical equipment, the company said. Power produced from these plants will offser power required for canal operation to some extent.
Currently, Jyoti has pending orders of Rs 900 crore.
At 11:21 hrs Jyoti was quoting at Rs 79.30, up Rs 13.05, or 19.70 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Nasrin Sultana

Despite controversy  AAP fury  BJP set to form govt in DelhiApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Infy adds 2% on BP dealSep 05, 2014, 10.32 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Infosys climbs 2% post BP deal; JP Morgan bets on Sikka era
JP Morgan maintains overweight rating on Infosys with a December 2015 price target of Rs 3900, stating that the recent management change has potentially delayed revenue growth recovery but has also brought much-needed visibility.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Infosys climbs 2% post BP deal; JP Morgan bets on Sikka era
JP Morgan maintains overweight rating on Infosys with a December 2015 price target of Rs 3900, stating that the recent management change has potentially delayed revenue growth recovery but has also brought much-needed visibility.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Infosys jumped over 2 percent intraday on Friday as investors celebrate clenching its first big deal under new leadership of Vishal Sikka. The IT firm bagged five-year deal worth USD 500 million with BP.
As per the agreement, Infosys will provide IT services across BP's operations, including corporate functions, upstream, and downstream segments, energy trading and marketing in Houston, Texas, UK, Azerbaijan, Angola, Brazil and Singapore.
JP Morgan maintains overweight rating on Infosys with a December 2015 price target of Rs 3900, stating that the recent management change has potentially delayed revenue growth recovery but has also brought much-needed visibility.
Though expectations seem low at this point, demand environment for the sector is ticking up and the stock has started to perform better in relative terms, which the brokerage thinks may continue in the near term.
“We believe the discount is justified as TCS ’s revenue growth and margin profile are better than Infosys’s, in our view. Notably, our exchange rate assumption is Rs60/USD for the next eleven quarters (from 2QFY15 to 4QFY17),” it said in a report.
At 09:41 hrs Infosys was quoting at Rs 3,756.15, up Rs 48.10, or 1.30 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Nasrin Sultana

Natco jumps 5% after US partner files ANDA for EverolimusSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:09 PM IST
Natco jumps 5% after US partner files ANDA for Everolimus
Natco's US partner Breckenridge Pharmaceutical has filed ANDA for Everolimus tablets in dosages of 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg.
Shares of Natco Pharma were locked in 5% upper circuit at Rs 1,439 after the company said its marketing partner in the US, Breckenridge Pharmaceutical, Inc. (BPI), has filed an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) for Everolimus for tablets in dosages of 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg.
Novartis AG sells Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg Tablets under Brand name Zortress in the USA market. Zortress is used to prevent organ rejection after a kidney or liver transplant.
Zortress generated sales of $43.5 million for the twelve-month period ending July 2014, based on industry sales data.
The stock opened at Rs 1,371 and touched a high of Rs 1,439. Over 90,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far and there were pending buy orders  for 3,682 shares as of now.
 Advertisements

Stocks retreat ahead of US jobs dataLast updated: September 5, 2014 9:22 pm
Wall Street shrugs off soft payrolls data
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a5bbdb2-34af-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Delhi likely to get a BJP government  Kejriwal s AAP cries foulBJP is likely to give govt formation in Delhi a shot
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 10:35 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:26 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
The BJP seemed inclined to take a shot at forming the government in Delhi, a day after lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung sent a report to President Pranab Mukherjee. Sources said the home ministry was in favour of exploring options for government formation and the same was expected to be conveyed to the LG on Saturday.
 
Even if the party declines, it would only be after an “earnest effort”, a BJP source said Friday.
Jung had written to Mukherjee recommending that the single largest party be given a chance to come to power, and Rashtrapati Bhawan had in turn forwarded the request to the home ministry. On Friday, the ministry gave its consent to Jung’s request.
Delhi has been under central rule since the AAP government stepped down in February.
The task, though, isn’t easy. The BJP has 28 MLAs while its ally, the Akali Dal, has one. It needs the support of five more MLAs to prove its majority in the 67-member assembly. While two independents are understood to have pledged their support, the party is still three shy of the magic figure. Making up the numbers would require defections in the rival camp — an idea the BJP was initially averse to.
The impasse comes up before the Supreme Court on Tuesday and a clearer picture may emerge after that.
 
The BJP leadership was initially reluctant, given the lack of numbers in the House. But sources said a section argued for the installation of a minority government, thus leaving it to the opposition parties to either topple it or let it survive through abstention from voting.
“The party will take a decision,” a guarded home minister Rajnath Singh said after a meeting with transport minister Nitin Gadkari, who is the party’s Delhi in-charge.
 
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay, who also met Singh, said, “If invited, we will explore all possibilities to form government by constitutional means. We are a political party and giving good governance to Delhiites is our responsibility.”
Many BJP leaders were earlier in favour of fresh elections. But with key assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana in the coming months, the party believes January-February would be the “best time” to hold polls in Delhi.
 
This would give it more time to prepare — by stepping up civic work and allowing winter to cool off high food prices — while good results in the assembly polls would help its prospects in Delhi.
The party won all seven of the city’s Lok Sabha seats in the April-May general elections but fears the AAP may still have an edge in the local polls. This is because the general elections saw the Arvind Kejriwal-led party increase its vote share from the December 2013 assembly polls.

Al Qaeda wants to portray Modi as enemy of Islam: US analyst'Al Qaeda wants to portray Modi as enemy of Islam'
PTI
print
Al Qaeda, which has announced the creation of a separate wing for India, wants to portray Prime Minister Narendra Modi as an enemy of Islam and as such India should take its threat "very seriously", a well-known American counter-terror expert said on Friday.
"This video, the first from al Qaeda leader Ayman Al-Zawahri this year, should be taken very seriously. Al Qaeda wants to portray Prime Minister Modi as an enemy of Islam," ex-CIA analyst Bruce Riedel, who is considered to be one of the US' top experts on counter-terrorism, told PTI.
"From its base in Pakistan and with its close links to Lashkar-e-Taiba, al Qaeda is a dangerous menace to India," Riedel said when asked about the latest video of Zawahri announcing al-Qaeda's creation of a new branch for the Indian subcontinent to wage jihad in India, including in Kashmir, Gujarat and Assam with the goal of establishing a caliphate and impose sharia ranging from Afghanistan to Myanmar.
Zawahri had announced new branch of al Qaeda called "Qaedat al-Jihad in the Indian Subcontinent", "seeking to raise the flag of jihad, return Islamic rule, and imposing Sharia across the Indian subcontinent," in the video which was posted on various social media websites including YouTube.
Reiterating that the new Indian government should take the threat very seriously, Riedel said that New Delhi should increase its counter-terrorism co-operation with the US and Afghanistan.
After the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, counter-terrorism cooperation between India and the US has increased significantly.
The US, however, is yet verify the authenticity of the video or the creation of a new wing of al Qaeda.
"We haven't been able to verify that yet. Obviously, we're looking to see if there's more information we can get about this here," state department deputy spokesperson Marie Harf told reporters at her daily news conference.
 
"We also don't regard this announcement as an indication of any new capabilities by al Qaeda," she said.
At the same time, she reiterated that the US remains committed to dismantling al Qaeda anywhere that it poses a threat to the US and make sure that it doesn't renew its threat to America.

SPML eyes order inflows of Rs Rs 2000-2500 cr for full year01:30 pm
SPML Infra  Ltd has won three orders worth Rs 1,232.3 crore from UP Jal Nigam, Agra and Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam.
Rishabh Sethi, ED, SPML expects the company’s order book to stand at Rs 6,300 crore after Q2. Order inflows are anticipated to stand at Rs 2,000-2,500 for the full year. In addition, revenue growth will be seen in second half of FY15, he says in an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Reema Tendulkar.
Below is the verbatim transcript of interview:
Q: You have one order in excess of Rs 1,200 crore, can you give us some details on this order? What would the margins be and post this order what would the order book stand at?
A: SPML has won three orders totalling about Rs 1,230 crore. Two of these orders are from Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam for providing Ganga water to Agra. This is a very prestigious project which is to be completed in next 24 months and the total order value of that is about Rs 800-900 crore. The other order that we have won is Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd is to set up three hydropower plants on the Kutch branch canal.
Q: When would execution start for you on these projects?
A: The mobilisation has already started but we expect the billing to show up from Q4 of this year and would go on until about 18 months to over 21 months in these projects.
For full interview, watch the video
SPML Infra stock price
On September 10, 2014, at  15:22 hrs SPML Infra was quoting at Rs 83.70, up Rs 0.05, or 0.06 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 89.15 and the 52-week low was Rs 24.45.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 7.11 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 11.77. The latest book value of the company is Rs 123.42 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.68.
RELATED NEWS

Nato leaders fail to agree spending targetsLast updated: September 5, 2014 1:56 pm
Obama leads coalition in fight against Isis
By Sam Jones in Newport
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f4e5522-34e6-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

10 killed in house collapse due to landslide inRajouriPress Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 5, 2014 4:33 pm
Ten people were killed and some others feared missing after a house collapsed due to landslide in Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir on Friday.
A house collapsed due to landslide from mountain top triggered by heavy rains in Thana Mandi belt of Rajouri district, a senior police officer said.
Ten people have died and their bodies have been recovered and some are feared missing, he said.
The police and Army besides locals have launched operation to rescue people buried under debris. So far they have recovered ten bodies, he said.
One each person in Sunderbani and Darhal areas have also been killed in flash-floods today, he said.

Sahara may mortgage iconic hotels to raise $1.7 bn bail money for Subrata RoyYou are here: Home > Collections
Sahara may mortgage iconic hotels to raise $1.7 billion bail money for Subrata Roy
Reuters Sep 5, 2014, 04.37PM IST
Tags:
Sahara
(Roy has been trying to find…)
NEW DELHI: The Sahara group would rather mortgage its trophy overseas hotel properties than sell them to raise the $1.7 billion in bail money for its jailed chairman Subrata Roy, a senior company executive said.
Subrata Roy has been trying to find a buyer for the three hotels, which include New York's Plaza hotel and London's Grosvenor House, for the past month, using a makeshift office in the Tihar jail to negotiate a deal.
On Friday, Roy sought permission from the Supreme Court to keep the office beyond a deadline that expires on Tuesday, his lawyers said, as talks with potential buyers continue. The court is expected to rule on the request early next week.
The executive said Sahara had received offers from several buyers, including sovereign wealth funds, but had yet to take a decision. He declined to name any of potential buyers.
"Right now we are focusing more on raising funds through taking a loan on these properties," said the executive, who declined to be named as he was not authorised to speak to the media.
"The sale is the last priority. In case we would have to sell, we will sell over a period of time, but right now our focus is to raise money by mortgaging these assets rather than sell them," he added.
A spokesman for Sahara was not immediately available for a comment.
Roy has been held in the jail, pending bail, for six months after he did not appear at a contempt hearing related to Sahara's failure to repay billions of dollars raised in outlawed bonds.
Last month, the court allowed Roy to get the office, which has facilities such as computers and assistants.
Sahara has not officially named any potential suitor for the hotels. Last month, a spokesman for the Sultan of Brunei dismissed a report by the Wall Street Journal online that an investment firm affiliated with him had made a $2 billion bid for the properties.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bisleri enters energy drink segment with URZZAbeverage
(Bisleri will manufacture URZZA at…)
MUMBAI: Leading packaged drinking water firm Bisleri International has forayed into the energy drink segment with 'URZZA' and is eyeing a sales target of 10 million cases (24 cans) in one year, a senior company executive has said.
"URZZA is a great tasting energy booster that stimulates the mind and refreshes the body and does not contain caffeine. It is fortified with essential vitamins that help tired bodies to bounce back with energy fit for all age group. Now it is partially launched and will be available across the country by the end of this month," Bisleri International Chairman Ramesh Chauhan said.
The beverage is mainly targeted at the upwardly mobile youth and will be available in 250 ml cans and 300 ml per bottles, both priced at Rs 50.
The formula for URZZA was developed in-house, he said. "We will create a new segment in the market by making energy drinks more acceptable for any-occasion-consumption. It took us two years to develop URZZA. We are expecting sales of 10 million cases (24 cans) in 12 months," he added.
Bisleri will manufacture URZZA at seven locations in the country, five at its own units and two at third party manufacturer, and distribute it through its existing network, he said.
The company has put in a total investment is Rs 200 crore for developing and manufacturing URZZA, he said.
"We have invested Rs 200 to develop and manufacture URZZA and the funding is done mainly through internal accrual," he said.
The company is in the process of tying-up with organised retailer and online grocery stores.
Bisleri currently enjoys 60 per cent share of the organised mineral water category in the country with an annual sales of 1,000 million units, which is growing at 26 per cent every year.
The company has a network of 13 own plants, 34 co-packers and 16 franchises, it covers a retail base of more than 5 lakh outlets.
Apart from Bisleri, the company also has a brand of mountain water known as Vedica and also a brand of carbonated water called Bisleri Soda.
FEATURED ARTICLES

I am not a headmaster  but taskmaster: ModiI am not a headmaster  but taskmaster: Modi
B-Town Teachers who taught us how to laugh!!!B-Town Teachers who taught us how to laugh!!!
Teachers Day: Kasturba Vidyalaya teachers  support staff protest  raw dealTeachers Day: Kasturba Vidyalaya teachers, support staff protest 'raw deal'
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
As Prime Minister Narendra Modi went live on Teacher’s Day, connecting with children throughout the country with the aid of television screens, a sizeable section of teachers from several States stood out in the rain in the Capital, protesting against the pittance paid to them as salaries.
Hundreds of male, female ‘day-time’ teachers and support staff of the over 3,500 Kasturba Gandhi Balika Vidyalayas -- the backbone of the Government’s flagship Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan -- held a dharna at Jantar Mantar protesting the lowering of the honorarium from Rs 7,200/month to Rs 5,000/month. The teachers claimed they were ‘day-time’ teachers but were being categorised as ‘part-time’ for the purpose of salaries, and sought clarity in the definitions of various categories of KGBV teachers.
“This is the first time in Independent India that salaries have actually come down,” said the All India Kasturba Gandhi Balika Vidyalaya Employees Association, which submitted a me m or a ndum to the Human Resource Development Minister, seeking a review of the decision taken by the U PA Government and being implemented by the Modi Government.
The support staff, such as accountants, guards, peons and cooks, also get a pittance. “I cook and feed 300 children every day. I stay in the school, away from my own family and miss my children the most. I get only get Rs 4,600/month. Is this fair? said a female cook from a school in Uttar Pradesh’s Badaun district.
The association is also demanding regularisation of jobs as many among them, who work in difficult terrain and interiors, such as J&K and North East, were employed on temporary basis and were being paid as low as Rs 1,500/month.
The scheme began in 2004 and entails setting up residential schools at upper p rimary level for girls belonging mainly to Scheduled Castes/Tribes, Other backward Classes and minority communities and has been a driver in raising the level of literacy among girls.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Maruti Suzuki: Royalty payment in rupee to reducehedgingcostTweet
September 5, 2014:  
Maruti’s proposal to pay royalty to Suzuki in rupees for future models is a welcome move. From 2008-09 to 2013-14, the auto industry has been through a period of boom and slow down. But the company’s royalty as a percentage of sales has moved up steadily to almost 6 per cent of net sales in this period from around 3 per cent. A mix of reasons such as appreciation of the yen, vehicle launches, and Government moves have been behind the increase.
In December 2009, in a move to encourage FDI and technology transfer, the Government also removed the cap on royalty payable for technical collaboration by companies in India. Prior to the removal, the cap was fixed at 8 per cent on exports and 5 per cent on domestic sales.
The steady increase in royalty outgo has been contested by minority shareholders and proxy investor advisory firms. Companies, including Maruti, were seen to be favouring their parents through higher royalties when they weren’t being as liberal in dividend payments.
The announcement to pay royalty in rupees helps address the influence of the aspect of currency fluctuations at least. It comes at a time when the company plans to come out with a compact SUV, an SUV and a small truck (LCV) in the next one-two years. While it is not sure whether royalty would be paid in rupees for these vehicles, future models for which technical agreements have not yet been worked out are expected to benefit from this move. Typically, the newer the vehicle, the higher the royalty. So this move could give a leg-up to profitability over the medium-term as the company will be able to save on hedging costs as well as conversion losses to a certain extent. Exports and component imports though may still need hedging.
Improving localisation to help
While this is the latest move to bring down currency-related risks, the company has addressed this issue through a few other measures as well. Maruti has been focusing on improving local sourcing of inputs/components both by the company and by its vendors. From about 25 per cent of sales two-three years ago, the import content has come down to 16 per cent of sales in 2013-14. It is expected to drop further to about 12 per cent. Secondly, the company has taken steps towards reducing its dependence on Suzuki for design and development. It has set up its own research and development centre at Rohtak in Haryana, with its engineers co-designing some of the recent models such as the Ertiga with Suzuki and developing the K-series engines locally. Over the longer term, the increased contribution from India will also bring down the royalty outgo.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Flipkart leads exclusivity race with a cheaper new MotoGBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:57 PM IST
Flipkart launches cheaper Moto G
New advanced MotoG , new MotoX and a new Moto360 smartwatch will be sold exclusively through the website
After selling 1.6 million units of Motorola phones in seven months, online retailer Flipkart has launched three Motorola products exclusively: The Moto G, Moto X and Moto 360 (smart watch).
Flipkart’s tie-up with smartphone makers like China’s Xiaomi and Motorola has proved a success. It crossed $1-billion gross merchandise sales volume in February.
The Moto G will be priced Rs 1,000 less than the earlier version at Rs 12,999. The phone will be up for sale from Friday (September 5) midnight. The other two will be launched later this month.
“This time we have taken lessons from our experience and are ready with the technology to process thousands of transactions in a minute. We have adequate volumes to cater to the first tranche of demand,” said Michael Adnani, vice-president, retail and head, strategic brand alliances.
US-based Motorola has seen a revival in the country since the launch of Moto G in February. In less than a year of re-entering the Indian market, it has become the fourth-largest smartphone seller, according to a Canalys’s report. The company has been selling its lead products only through  Flipkart. “Motorola is aggressively looking to expand its teams in Delhi and cities after the success of Moto G and Moto X,” a source said.
Competitors Snapdeal and Amazon have trailed in attracting international brands for exclusive tie-ups.
 Advertisements

Ford India to start Sanand plant next yearBS Reporter |  Chennai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:55 PM IST
Ford's Sanand plant output by next year
Company expects first prototype to come out by the end of this year
Ford India, a subsidiary of Ford Motor Company, expects its plant at Sanand in Gujarat to start output by next year.
“The facility is coming up well. We expect to see the prototype by 2014-end and production by next year,” said Nigel Harris, president. He was speaking on the sidelines of Ford’s corporate social responsibility initiative Happy School here.
While Harris declined to reply to a question on the type of cars to be rolled out from the plant, he noted small cars were sold the most in India.
Harris said Ford India’s exports were growing, adding the company expected the trend to continue. He said the firm’s growth over three-four months was quite good.
Ford India recently said the first vehicle from the plant would out by early 2015. Once operational, the facility will employ 5,000 directly and have an initial capacity of 240,000 cars and 270,000 engines a year.
On whether the firm would bring Ford Ka, a concept car it launched in Brazil, to India, he said the company would see.
Ford India on Friday announced the launch of Happy School in 21 schools here. The programme seeks to improve access to education in primary schools by addressing gaps in academic support, health, nutrition and infrastructure.
 Advertisements

Sukhna land scam: Armed forces tribunal sets aside Lt Gen PK Rath s convictionJ&K floods: Army focuses on restoring connectivity to Srinagar, lakhs still stranded 6 hours 45 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Parties declare candidates for Delhi University Students Union pollsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: The student outfits on Friday declared their candidates for the four crucial posts in the keenly-contested Delhi University Students Union (DUSU) elections, which are scheduled to be held on September 12.
The Congress affiliated National Students Union of India (NSUI) has fielded Gaurav Tushir, a first year student of Motilal Nehru college for the post of President, Mona Chaudhury of Law faculty as the Vice Presidential candidate, Amit Singh Timma and Abhishek Chaudhury of Faculty of Arts for the post of secretary and Joint Secretary respectively.
While ABVP is trying to encash on the scrapping of Four Year Undergraduate programme (FYUP), which was on their agenda for the last years DUSU polls, NSUI is raising issues of right to accommodation and alleged racial discrimination against the students from North-East.
The student outfits on Friday declared their candidates for the four crucial posts in the keenly-contested DUSU elections, which are scheduled to be held on September 12.
BJP's Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) has declared Mohit Nagar and Parvesh Malik of Buddhist studies as their Presidential and Vice Presidential candidate.
Those nominated by ABVP for the post of Secretary and Joint Secretary include Kanika Shekhawat of ARSD college and Ashutosh Mathur of Zakir Hussain College.
The Left-leaning All India Students Association (AISA) has nominated Madhurima Kundu of Hindu college, Aman Nawaz of Dayal Singh college, Aman Gautam of Sri Venketeshwara college and Vikramaditya of Buddhist studies, for the four posts.
The Students' Federation of India (SFI), Arunachal Students' Federation (ASF) and All India Democratic Students Organisation (AIDSO) have come together this time to form an alliance called Left Students' Front (LSF).
LSF has nominated Vikram Singh, Prashant Mukherjee, Shrey and Deepak Jha for the four posts.
A new student organisation called Chanakya Parishad has also entered the contest this year.
The candidates fielded by them include Aditya Pandey and Shahroz of Satyavati college for the post of president and vice president. Divyanshu Priyam of Hansraj college and Antriksh Rana of SGND Khalsa college have been nominated for Secretary and Joint Secretary.
The nomination process for the DUSU polls concluded on September 3 with the varsity declaring 144 nominations valid for the four posts.
While 37 nominations were found valid for the post of President, 32 nominations were validated for the post of Vice President.
The nominations found valid for the posts of Secretary and Joint Secretary were 41 and 34 respectively. Overall 12 nominations were rejected during their scrutiny.
Nomination papers for the DUSU polls are accepted on the behalf of individuals and not as nominees of any outfit.
The candidates could withdraw their nominations by on Friday afternoon. The polling will take in two phases (morning and evening) on Sept 12 followed by counting of votes on Sept 13 after which results will be announced.
Last year, the DUSU polls were swept by ABVP. While its Aman Awana and Utkarsh Chaudhary were elected president and vice president, respectively, Raju Rawat was elected as the joint secretary.
NSUI managed to win only one seat with Karishma Thakur elected as secretary.

Maoist combing operations intensified in OdishaKoraput (Odisha): Security forces have intensified combing operations in and around Majhiguda after exchange of fire with the Maoists in Odisha's Koraput
district, police said on Friday.
"Additional forces have been deployed in Majhiguda forest and efforts are on to nab the Maoists," said  YK Jethwa,Inspector General of Police (south-western range).
Three guns, huge quantities of live bullets, medicines,utensils, batteries, bags containing daily use items and Maoist literature were recovered from the spot.
During the encounter that took place on Wednesday, the rebels managed to escape under the cover of darkness, but blood trails suggested some rebels might have been injured in the gun-battle, Jethwa said.
Around 20 Maoists were present in the forest when a joint team of SOG personnel from Koraput and Malkangiri attacked and busted three of their camps, he said.
Three guns, huge quantities of live bullets, medicines,utensils, batteries, bags containing daily use items and Maoist literature were recovered from the spot.
Sources said the Maoists had assembled under the leadership of one Rukmani of Boipariguda Area Committee to prepare a blueprint to attack various government
establishments and execute major offencive in the run-up to the 10th formation year of CPI (Maoist) on September 21.

Natco pharmas US partner files ANDA for EverolimusHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Natco pharma’s US partner files ANDA for Everolimus
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 5:  
Drug maker Natco Pharma Ltd today said its marketing partner in the US Breckenridge Pharmaceutical Inc (BPI) has filed an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) for Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg tablets.
“Natco and BPI believe that its Paragraph IV ANDA was filed on the First—to—File date and expects to be the only generic that is entitled to the 180—day exclusivity period,” city—based Natco said in a filing with bourses.
Novartis AG sells Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg Tablets under Brand name Zortress in the USA market.
The drug which is used to prevent organ rejection after a kidney or liver transplant, generated sales of $43.5 million for the twelve-month period ending July 2014, based on industry sales data, Natco said.
Shares of Natco today closed higher by 5 per cent at Rs 1,438.60 on the BSE.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Policy on building low-cost airports expecte...air strips
(The Civil Aviation Ministry…)
NEW DELHI: Having identified 50 non-metro cities and remote locations across the country for building low-cost airports, the Centre is shortly coming up with a policy on the matter in which state governments would have a major role to play.
The Civil Aviation Ministry would soon finalise names of the first five of these 50 no-frill airports to be taken up first, official sources said here today.
The policy, which is being given final shape by the Ministry, is likely to put the onus of providing land, water and electricity free of charge to these airports on state governments, which would also have to grant tax concessions or exemptions for these projects.
It comes in the wake of the BJP-led government's announcements that these airports would be built on a private -public partnership (PPP) model to provide air connectivity to non-metro cities and those in remote areas.
Apart from the facilities to be granted by state governments to these airports, the government would grant concessions to airlines operating there, such as exemption from paying landing, parking, navigation, night parking and fuel throughput charges, among other things.
In June last year, the UPA-II government, while finalising infrastructure projects for 2013-14, had also decided to build low-cost airports at 51 cities and towns across the country.
Under the decision taken by the Manmohan Singh government, state-owned Airports Authority of India (AAI) was to have set up these airports at towns and cities spread across Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Jharkhand, Bihar, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, Rajasthan and Maharashtra.
There are over 125 functional airports and another 400 air strips , of which many can be developed as full-fledged airports, the sources said.
However, official data shows that of these 125-odd functional airports, 93 were loss-making and only ten profitable. The loss-making airports are mostly located in Tier-II cities, apart from some state capitals.
Connectivity by low-cost airlines to the smaller towns and cities could beef up the financial fortunes of these small airports, the sources said.
Observing that growth in traffic was concentrated on certain major routes and not all across the country, they said though air tickets were now available at competitive rates due to fierce competition among airlines and air traffic was growing at a rapid pace, almost 70 per cent of the population does not have air connectivity and many cannot afford to fly.
The policy would aim at making air connectivity available at a cheaper rate, the officials said.
On the names of the 50 proposed no-frill airports, they said the list was likely to remain the same as decided by the previous government, barring a few changes in some states.
As per the UPA-II government's decision last year, the 51 low-cost airports were to have come up at Vijayawada, Nellore, Kurnool, Kadapa, Nizamabad, Tirupati, Anantapur and Karimnagar in Andhra Pradesh, Dhanbad, Bokaro and Hazaribagh in Jharkhand, at Muzaffarpur, Chapra and Sasaram in Bihar, at Ludhiana, Jalandhar and Firozpur in Punjab, at Agra, Allahabad, Moradabad, Saharanpur, Meerut, Aligarh, Bijnor, Muzaffarnagar and Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh.
Tezu, Bomdila and Along in Arunachal Pradesh, at Silchar, Jorhat and Tezpur in Assam, at Gwalior, Singrauli, Burhanpur, Khandwa, Jabalpur, Sidhi and Shahdol in Madhya Pradesh, Brahmpur, Rourkela and Kendujhar in Odisha, at Ajmer, Kota, Bhilwada and Alwar in Rajasthan and at Kolhapur, Nasik, Jalgaon, Solapur and Amarawati in Maharashtra were also to have low-cost airports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

See Nifty in 8060-8160 range in short-term: Growth AvenuesIn a discussion on CNBC-TV18, CK Narayan, MD, Growth Avenues and Deven Choksey of KR Choksey Shares and Securities share their outlook on the market and specific stocks going ahead.
Below is verbatim transcript of the discussion
Q: If you had taken a long position at the start of the week you would have made money for sure but towards the end of the week you got a sense that there is a little more volatility coming. What should a positional trader be doing ahead of next week?
A: A bit of volatility on a Friday towards the closing hour is nothing out of the ordinary. However, what we need to look at is to place this particular volatility in the context of where we are in the index and in that particular perspective there is a need of being slightly circumspect about what one expects.
We have had a great run not just for this week but for several months now and we have moved on to levels where I don’t think anything is cheap any longer. Under those circumstances, I would be very choosy about what I get into.
I am not saying there are no long positions to be built, certainly there are stocks, there are pockets where there is still some better value available but we will have to dig and try to ferret out various aspects before we go long into various stocks.
Q: What key levels will you watch out on the frontline indices for next week?
A: I would peg the Nifty at the high level with a very distinct close above 8150-8160 as the upper end wants to reassert and on the downside around 8070-8060 as the level below which might it turn slightly short-term softness for the Nifty. So, these are the two immediate levels to watch out for provided you are a very short-term player.
RELATED NEWS

Looking to invest in precious metals Here s helplooking to invest in precious metals here s help
Andy Cohen: Joan Rivers Was  Shocking  but so Funnyandy cohen: joan rivers was  shocking  but so funny
Rupee weakens ahead of US jobs data  shares fallHi Guest
Rupee weakens ahead of US jobs data, shares fall
The Indian rupee weakened on Friday ahead of U.S. jobs data, which could provide clues about when the Federal Reserve will start removing its monetary stimulus, with sentiment also hit as shares continued to retreat from recent record highs. Hopes for continued foreign flows had helped the rupee climb to a five-week high on Wednesday, although the currency ended the week up just 0.2 percent. Still, that was enough to mark its fourth weekly gain in five. Eased global monetary policies have ...

Country s future lies with students  says PM ModiCountry s future lies with students  says PM Modi
Cong questions Jung s move to invite BJP to form govt in DelhiCong questions Jung s move to invite BJP to form govt in Delhi
Talks on India-Australia FTA may conclude by 2016: Australian Prime Minister Tony AbbottTalks on India-Australia FTA may conclude by 2016: Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott
Subrata Roy seeks further extension to close dealsSubrata Roy seeks further extension to close deals
United Spirits drops 3.5% in two days on weak Q4 resultsUnited Spirits drops 3.5% in two days on weak Q4 results
Buy Gujarat Pipavav; target of Rs 182: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Gujarat Pipavav; target of Rs 182: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com is bullish on Gujarat Pipavav and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 182 in its September 2, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
ICICIdirect.com`s research report on Gujarat Pipavav
“The share price of Gujarat Pipavav Port is in a secular bull trend as exhibited by rising peaks and troughs on all time interval charts. Currently, the stock is seen resolving higher out of a one month long consolidation range and offers fresh entry opportunity to ride the next up leg. The share price is on a firm terrain since August 2013 lows of Rs 42. The shallow nature of secondary corrections and stronger price rallies have been the hallmark of this entire up move over past year, which defines a positive price structure. Recently, after rallying from Rs 112 to its life-time highs of Rs 154.70 during July 2014, the stock spent entire August 2014 under narrow consolidation range to work off the short-term overbought conditions and now looks ripe for its next up move.”
“The entire month long consolidation during August 2014 took place above the 38.2% retracement (Rs 138) of preceding up leg (Rs 112-154.70). Lack of selling pressure and consistent demand at lower levels highlighted the strong appetite among investors to own the stock. The rising 50-day moving average (currently at Rs 137) has remained a key support for the share price since in case of short-term corrective declines. The bullish price structure is also well supported by higher participation during rallies. The price rallies were backed by weekly volumes exceeding its 20-week average of 35 lakh shares while corrections have witnessed lower participation. Among oscillators, the displacement of the 14-day RSI near its key support of 45-50 region and fresh crossover above its nine period average indicates resumption of positive momentum in the stock.”
“During the current week, the share price has emerged above the last month’s highs (154) signalling an end of the corrective phase and resumption of the primary up trend. Based on the various technical observations listed above, we believe the stock is set for its next up leg within the broader bull phase and is likely to head towards Rs 184 being price parity of current up leg from consolidation lows of Rs 142 with preceding rally (112-154=42 points) and offers a favourable reward-risk set up. Buy Gujarat Pipavav Port in the range of Rs 147.50–144.00 for a target price of Rs 182.00 with a stop loss below Rs 133.00 on a closing basis,” says ICICIdirect.com research report.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy NBCC; target of Rs 538: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy NBCC; target of Rs 538: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com is bullish on National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 538 in its September 4, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
ICICIdirect.com`s research report on National Buildings Construction Corporation
“National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) is one of the largest public sector enterprises (PSEs) in the construction industry. We believe its PMC division (82% of FY14 revenues) is an economic moat for NBCC in which it gets orders largely on a nomination basis, enjoys negative WC & cash rich balance sheet along with a strong order book. We see the next leg of opportunities for NBCC in the PMC division from redevelopment of old government properties. The recent Navratna status also opens up opportunities to be explored with sick PSU land banks. We initiate coverage on NBCC with a BUY recommendation and a target price of Rs 538 [16x FY16 EPS and 0.6x PEG ratio (largely in line with current PEG)].”
“We believe the project management consultancy (PMC) division (82% of FY14 revenues) is the economic moat for NBCC in which it gets 70-80% orders on a nomination basis from various ministries given its public work organisation (PWO) status. It also enjoys negative working capital & a cash rich balance sheet and has a strong order book providing visibility. Currently, its order book stands at ~Rs 17,000 crore, 4.2x FY14 revenues. We believe the next leg of opportunities for NBCC lies in redevelopment of old government properties. The government has identified 30 old colonies in the redevelopment space in Delhi. Out of this, eight have only been awarded/under negotiation (NBCC’s potential market share – 62.5%) each aggregating Rs 2000-10,000 crore. NBCC, after successfully executing the New Moti Bagh project and being the only PSU in this segment, is likely to be a key beneficiary from these opportunities.”
“Though NBCC has run up sharply in the last six to 12 months, we believe the risk-reward is still favourable. Based on our scenario analysis, NBCC is still trading close to the Bear case scenario (Rs 427/share) and can offer significant upsides from current levels. Hence, we initiate coverage on NBCC with a BUY recommendation and an SOTP based target price of Rs 538/share (implying P/E of 16.0x FY16E & PEG of 0.6x),” says ICICIdirect.com research report.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Did ThursdayAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Holdouts give vultures a bad nameSeptember 2, 2014 7:16 pm
Holdouts give vultures a bad name
By Martin Wolf
Argentina’s creditors should try to protect themselves from the vagaries of American judges
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bf3bd3f2-31ef-11e4-b929-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

5 keys to startup-leadership success from Desiree Vargas Wrigley0
The second time, she said, the same process produced “small ideas,” none of which were going to “move the trajectory of the business or do anything powerful for GiveForward,” Vargas Wrigley said. “And so, as an exec team we decided maybe we had to trump these ideas.”
She said that taught her the importance of avoiding overly simple solutions. It's important to tap into employee ideas for growth, she said, but that doesn't remove the leadership responsibility from the executive team.
Pay attention to your team's health
“Your job as the founder and leader is to maintain the emotional health of the team,” Vargas Wrigley said. “And one of the biggest risks to that health is the loss of team members, either because they quit, or because you laid them off or fired them.”
Vargas Wrigley said GiveForward has developed a process for the loss of staff.
“We write an email, and we celebrate the successes of that person, regardless of the circumstances of their leaving,” she said. “And then we have a little farewell Happy Hour, where (co-founder) Ethan (Austin) and I stay for about 30 minutes or an hour, and then we disappear. We let the team come together, hang out with that person, and really mourn the loss.”
“What that says to each individual team member is that we respect every single person who’s been here, no matter what happened when they leave,” she said.
Build strong relationships with board members
Vargas Wrigley emphasized the need to get value out of relationships with investors and board members.
She suggested making sure in board meetings that board members get all the updates and financials they need, along with time to ask questions.
“You need to do things like ask them for introductions,” she said. “You need to ask them about other portfolio companies and how they navigated the same circumstances. Ask them for vendor ideas.”
“As you do this, you build mutual trust. And you also give them a sense of engagement that makes them feel valued and want to come back. And that’s crucial when things go bad, because there’s going to be a day when those investors save your ass.”
Be vulnerable
Vargas Wrigley said she realized, through employee-feedback surveys, that people left meetings with her feeling “dejected, because when I asked questions, it made them feel that they were criticized.”
She said she decided to “bring my team into the process of my growth.” She said she let her employees know that she understood that her style sometimes left them feeling criticized. She said she told employees that wasn't her intent and that she was working on improving.
“So, when a meeting started to shift in tone, I said: ‘Time out. I realize that this is awkward. But I’m noticing a shift in tone. I don’t know if it’s me or you or what. But I want you to know that I’m really proud of the work you are doing. You do a great job. And I’m only asking these questions because I want the best possible outcome,’” she said.
Vargas Wrigley said this was “super awkward and embarrassing a lot of the time. But what it did was show that there is a space for people to improve, and that even the founders are human and make mistakes.”
She added: “Over the last year we’ve had a noticeable difference in the communication at our company. People are more inspired, more willing to grow, more willing to fail. And it’s been invaluable for our culture.”
CORRECT: This version reflects Desiree Vargas Wrigley's discussion of a confrontation with the head of the company's growth team, not with an investor.

High fiscal deficit  inflation cap rating upgrade: MoodysAP Moody’s said the macro-economic outlook would improve if the government was able to “implement policies that ease inflationary pressures and increase infrastructure investment”.
TOPICS
economy (general)
Higher growth numbers will help improve tax revenues
Despite positive growth figures achieved by the economy in the first quarter, rating agency Moody’s, on Wednesday, said high fiscal deficit and sticky inflation limit chances of an upward revision in the country’s sovereign ratings.
“We forecast fiscal (deficit), inflation and infrastructure metrics to remain weaker than the median for similarly-rated peers.
“While stronger growth in this large and diverse economy will help counterbalance these credit challenges, they limit further upward momentum in the sovereign rating,” Moody’s Investors Service said in a note issued from Singapore.
The comments come days after the government released the first quarter gross domestic product (GDP) numbers at 5.7 per cent and current account deficit (CAD) at 1.7 per cent of GDP.
The government has committed a 4.1 per cent fiscal deficit target for the fiscal, but has already exhausted over 61 per cent of the fiscal’s target in the first four months itself.
Inflation, measured by consumer price index, continues to skirt around the 8 per cent mark, with upward pressures being exerted by food prices due to weak monsoon.
The agency, which has a ‘Baa3’ rating with a stable outlook on the country, said the 5.7 per cent GDP print in the April-June period was in line with its “long-held view that growth deceleration to sub-5 per cent levels over the past two years would reverse over time.”
The agency further said it was due to this view that it had maintained a “stable outlook” in spite of issues such as currency volatility, declining private and public investments and poor market sentiment (in the past two fiscals due to adverse tax policies of the previous regime).
Moody’s said the higher growth numbers in the first quarter would help improve tax revenues and capital flows into the country, and could also help reverse the weakening metrics that had occurred in the fiscal and external position in recent years.
Additionally, Moody’s said the macro-economic outlook would improve if the government was able to “implement policies that ease inflationary pressures and increase infrastructure investment”.
The Finance Ministry has been meeting representatives from rating agencies since mid-August to project the positives about the country.
After the release of official data pointing to a 5.7 per cent jump during the first quarter, coming after two consecutive fiscals of sub-5 per cent growth, Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram had said that he expected some positive action from the international rating agencies.

RCom to Seek Shareholder s Nod for QIBsApple Unveils Watch, Larger iPhones in Bid to Retake Innovation Crown
New Delhi:
Telecom services provider Reliance Communications today said it will seek shareholders' approval to raise funds through securities from Qualified Institutional Buyers at its annual general meeting on September 30.
The Mumbai-based company said however that there are no plans to issue fresh equity.
It said in a filing to the BSE that the Board may, in one or more tranches, issue and allot equity shares or fully convertible debentures or partly convertible debentures or non-convertible debentures with warrants or any other securities, which are convertible into or exchangeable with equity shares on such date as may be determined by the Board but not later than 60 months from the date of allotment.
RCom said: "The company, in order to enhance its global competitiveness and its ability to compete with the peer groups in the domestic and international markets, needs to strengthen its financial position and net worth by augmenting its long term resources."
It added that to meet requirements for the above purposes and for general corporate purpose, as may be decided by the Board of Directors from time to time, it is proposed to seek authorisation of the members of the company in favour of the Board of Directors (which may include any committee of Directors constituted by the Board), without the need for any further approval from the members, to undertake the Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) with the QIBs.
On the issuing of securities, RCom in a statement said: "There are no plans for issuance of any fresh equity capital.
The proposed resolution at the forthcoming AGM of the Company is merely an enabling one, in line with the practice followed at AGMs for the past several years."
In June, the country's fourth-largest telecom operator, said it raised around Rs 4,800 crore from a share sale to institutional investors, the biggest QIP fund-raising by a private firm.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 16:49 (IST)

Infosys Wins Five-year IT Services Deal From BPApple Unveils Watch, Larger iPhones in Bid to Retake Innovation Crown
New Delhi:
Country's second largest software exporter Infosys today said it has bagged a five-year contract from Europe's second largest oil and gas company, BP to provide IT services.
No financial details were provided.
Infosys will provide IT services, particularly in areas like application support and development to BP, Infosys said in a statement.
"The agreement, effective September 1, 2014, will provide IT services across BP's operations, including corporate functions, upstream and downstream segments, energy trading and marketing," it said.
The agreement's geographical scope includes BP's main facilities in Houston, Texas and in the UK, as well as support in locations like Azerbaijan, Angola, Brazil and Singapore.
The Bangalore-based firm will support BP in running, enhancing and developing business applications and improving business IT processes across all key BP IT operations, it said.
BP has a presence in about 80 countries. It employs over 83,000 people and operates two business segments: exploration and production, and refining and marketing.
"Winning this contract demonstrates how we have evolved as a supplier and continue to work collaboratively with BP across their range of activities," said Rajesh K Murthy, Infosys executive vice president and global head, energy, communications and services.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 16:14 (IST)

Kuwait Petroleum once again seeks stake in Paradip refineryNew Delhi, September 4, 2014
Updated: September 4, 2014 19:14 IST
Kuwait Petroleum once again seeks stake in Paradip refinery
PTI
company information
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation (KPC) has again approached Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) for a stake in the Rs. 29,777-crore Paradip refinery, which is set to start operations this year.
Kuwait had evinced interest in taking a stake in the project in Odisha when it was conceived about eight years back. But later, they backed off.
“They have again approached. Talks are at very initial level. Things are at very preliminary stage,” IOC Director (Refineries) Sanjiv Singh said here.
When IOC started work on Paradip project, Tatas were to do its power plant, Pradip Port Trust its jetty and Kuwait was to be a strategic partner. But as project got delayed due to land and other issues, the private partners pulled out.
“We had in March stated that KPC is in talks with IOC for an equity stake. Those talks remain at preliminary level. Not much has progressed,” another official said.
IOC, which will start commissioning the 15 million tonnes a year refinery at Paradip in Odisha in next one month, is willing to offer no more than 26 per cent stake in the project.
“We are discussing details of their participation, whether they are interested in taking a stake in the refinery or in the petrochemical project or both is what we are discussing now,” the second official said.
IOC wants to closely examine conditions that Kuwait may attach for equity participation. “If the equity participation will be subject to the refinery buying all or most of its crude oil requirement from Kuwait then that will be a big no-no from us as we don't want to tie ourself down to just one supplier,” he said.
So far, KPC has not conditioned its stake to any crude deal. “They are open to supplying crude oil on fixed term basis and also see no problem as IOC was to independently source the oil,” he said.
The refinery has been built to process at least 40 per cent of toughest, heaviest and the dirtiest crudes like Maya of Mexico which are cheaper than the cleaner and easier varieties available from the Middle-East. The refinery will have a Nelson Complexity Index of 13, the highest in the world.
The project will have to be spun off into a separate company if Kuwait is to participate in it. IOC plans to set up a Rs 3,150 crore Polypropylene unit adjacent to the refinery in 39 months.

Like a Rockstar Engineer: How It Feels for a Food Company to Release a New Productreddit
We're releasing a new condiment, an Indian-inspired ketchup .  This is our sixth product and the first we've released in several months.  It's delicious, we've worked hard on it, and we're excited to finally share it with the world.  Upon receiving the final batch, a friend asked us how it felt to release a new food product.  Somewhere between being a rockstar and an engineer... though not as cool as either.
More Soulful Than an Engineer
At my previous tech company the development team would release code every few weeks.  After the company's first few releases, the engineers had the process down to a science.  Cram for a few nights prior, rigorously QA and debug the code, prep the music for the release announcement.  Things rarely went wrong and the celebrations only lasted twenty minutes before everyone was back to work.  For an engineer, birthing new products into the wild is a primary essence of workplace existence - so the joy (or dispair) from a successful (or failed) launch is typically limited to the next release deadline.
Similarly, we rigorously tested our recipes and food combinations to assure our ketchup was a culinary masterwork.  We'd stay up late cramming french fries into our mouths to assure quality and will be thrilled when this hits the market.  However, because food is a much more sensuous experience than most computer code, it's easy to become really attached to our food products.  A few of the subtle spices in our ketchup remind me of a childhood trip I had taken 25 years ago, and I find myself sneaking to off to the kitchen in the middle of the night to taste another spoonful of our samples.  Though we are extremely diligent with our creation process, our products should ideally strike an emotional chord with our customers so we will commonly add an ingredient simply because it feels good.
We are much more emotionally tied into this release than an average engineer and will party like rockstars if it does well.
More Controlled Than a Rockstar
I used to be a (crappy) amateur musician.  Whenever I'd share a new song with friends, it was typically preceded by a tremendous amount of anxiety. "Will people like this song?  No, its too cheesy.  People are gonna hate it.  I'm a fraud." I've spoken with many other creatives who also experience this type of nervousness when releasing new material.  As music and artwork are emotional outlets, a new release of material means exposing the world to a new part of your soul.  If the people love it, it means elatedness, drug binges, and fast cars.  If the people hate it, sorrow and despair.
Though we similarly poured our souls into the making of the ketchup, we feel more akin to corporate music sellouts than true rockstars.  Instead of singing from the heart, we systematically made small iterations to our product after our rounds of focus groups. Oh, does our 18-35 year old demographic think it's too loud?  Okay, we'll turn it down. Just like Jimi Hendrix... sigh.  Our products are sold in mainstream chains like Whole Foods and Safeway, so we need to assure that our products are appropriate for the shoppers at these stores.
This isn't to say we won't be ecstatic if this does well or bummed if it does not - we will definitely trash some hotel rooms either way.  Point is that the run-up to releasing a food product is equal parts standardized testing and poetic lyrics.  When our new ketchup is released, you'll taste both.
Follow Dan Garblik and Lalit Kalani on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@bandarfoods
More:

Dan Garblik and Lalit Kalani(6) Comments | Posted December  3, 2012 | 7:50 AM
It surprises me to say it, but Indian culture is becoming the next cool thing.
It's amazing to me because, for the longest time, the "cool" Indian kid in class was the one parroting swear words in his funny accent. But Indian culture has started to take off lately due...
To Always Smell Like Onions or Not -- The Pros and Cons of Outsourcing Your Food Product
(0) Comments | Posted August 27, 2012 | 1:24 PM
For those of you who have followed our first few posts, we've been providing (hopefully) amusing tidbits to those thinking about starting a food company. Now let's just say you have an awesome salsa recipe that you've spent months perfecting. Everyone goes nuts for it and your Aunt Doreen swears...
We're like the Twitter for Hot Sauce:  If Food Companies Pitched Themselves Like Tech Startups
(3) Comments | Posted July 26, 2012 | 3:27 PM
Bandar Foods is the Indian Version of Sriracha rooster sauce. Bandar means "monkey" in Hindi -- so instead of Vietnamese rooster sauce -- we're Indian monkey sauce!
Boom -- that's our five-second sales pitch. You see, Dan is based...
Lie to Your Friends  - A Primer in Receiving Honest Feedback on Your Recipes
(3) Comments | Posted July 19, 2012 | 2:13 AM
Some while ago, a mutual friend served her "world-famous" sugar cookies for dessert at a dinner party she was hosting. She looked around proudly as we all hemmed and hawed. Not a crumb was left. Over cocktails, we followed the lead of her husband and talked through a go-to-market strategy...
10 Things to Know About The Next Biggest Food Brand In The World
(15) Comments | Posted July  9, 2012 | 4:19 PM
1. We're starting a hot sauce company -- and it's primed to be the next biggest brand in the world. Seriously. The Oprah-iPad-Lebron of the condiment world. It's going to innovate how people eat food forever and we'll soon be on the cover of Forbes next to Richard Branson and he's going to be... like... cowering to our creative genius and I'm going to have a badass grin while... you know... sitting on top of a rhino with my pecs rippling - oh yeah, I'm not wearing a shirt... yeah... and we'll look like huge hitters and then we'll get our own Food Network show and then our own movie. Does anyone else hear the Star Wars theme song thundering in the background? I do.
2. Being a food entrepreneur is going to be sweet -- and it's a simple, sure-fire 3-step process.
Step 1: Develop a tasty recipe
Step 2: ???
Step 3: Badass picture on the cover of Forbes
3. As a brand new company, we're a long, long way from Forbes. Sure there's the upcoming rhino and the pecs, but we're in it for the long haul. We're optimistic, driven by a passion for food, and just naïve enough that we hope to influence American eating habits. Our products taste awesome, and our friends seem to like them, so why not try this out - right? Although in philosophy we're no different than full-bellied children who think their mothers should open a restaurant because she makes the bestest pancakes in the whole world, we are also just starting to see the enormity of the challenge of starting a food business. We're terrified. We're pumped. Let's do this.
4. Who are we? We're two normal dudes who became friends in grad school and loved to bounce crazy ideas off one another. We've both previously worked on the periphery of the food world, but lined up more conventional jobs in the business universe after graduation (consulting and internet startup). We are slowly figuring out hot sauce as we go.
5. How did this start? The idea for Bandar Foods , our burgeoning company, started when I asked an Indian restaurant in Philadelphia for hot sauce to spice up my takeout tikka masala and was met with confusion. Wait -was there no Indian hot sauce? But Indians adore spicy food! Lalit, my co-founder who hails from Mumbai, informed me that instead of "traditional" hot sauces, Indians use spicy chutneys called achar (pickles) to spice up their food. These extremely tasty achars are ubiquitous throughout South Asia but are limited in the US to specialty grocery stores. Sounds good - but as a white kid from the suburbs, I was intimidated by these chunky, oily, jarred chutneys. Boom - an idea was born!
6. We are the Indian version of Sriracha Rooster Sauce. Let's turn these flavors into condiments that Americans would actually know how to use and grow into one of the first mainstream Indian-American food brands. Spicy sauce, big dreams. So we pureed the chutneys down and put them in squeeze bottles. We put a monkey on the bottle because, well, monkeys are awesome and we wanted people to remember the product. Instead of rooster sauce, we're monkey sauce.
7. We've been at this for two years to get to Square One. We knew it'd be hard getting into it, but we still didn't expect that it would take us two long years of recipe iterations, FDA research, label redesigns, chemistry tests, business plan redrafts, and borrowed money just to get to the point where we're ready to sell. We are currently raising money by fulfilling preorders on Kickstarter so we can fund our first batch and get started (something we highly recommend to all other aspiring food entrepreneurs). Once we produce our first batch, we hope to push the sauce out through all possible channels.
8. We want this blog to be a live guidebook for the successes and failures of a startup food product company. We'll share interesting stories from farmer's markets to kitchen messes from experimenting with new products. To arrive at our current seedling stage, we've been fortunate to hear tips, tricks, and cautionary tales from other food entrepreneurs which have proven invaluable. We know a number of friends who make awesome popcorn , chickpea snacks , chocolate energy bars , or any of the dozens of jerkies, pickles, salsas, and other artisanal foods. We're learning as we go and want to help any other aspiring founders get off the ground, into the kitchen, and onto the shelves.
9. Please feel free to reach out to us with any comments or questions. We're not always sure what we should be writing about - so please tell us what you really want to hear!
10. Did we mention that we're raising money on Kickstarter?! Check it out and feel free to preorder from our first batch so we can have something worth talking about in this blog! Shameless plug... we know.
NEXT POST: The best ways to get honest feedback from friends about your recipes.
Thanks everyone!

Legal or Not  the Pot Business Is Still WackyAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Dozens arrested in fast food wage protestAbout two dozen fast food workers arrested in Chicago Chatham neighborhood during minimum wage protest.
More than two dozen arrested in Detroit this morning in fast food wage protests
Cicero worried protesters will block Cicero Avenue
Hundreds of fast-food workers held strikes and protests in Chicago and other U.S. cities Thursday, the latest step in their push for a $15 hourly wage.
In the Chicago area, 50 were handcuffed and taken into custody in two separate events, one in the city's Chatham neighborhood and one in Cicero. Cicero charged the protestors with disrupting traffic, a misdemeanor, while Chicago issued citations to the 19 it detained earlier in the day.
The Fight for $15 campaign said that 436 fast-food workers had been arrested nationwide as of Thursday afternoon.
Organizers of the Fight for $15 campaign had planned earlier this year to ramp up protests to include acts of civil disobedience.
Caption Fast food workers stage protest for living wage
Protesters block 87th Street at the Dan Ryan Expressway on Thursday Sept. 4, 2014 as part of a country-wide protest in which fast-food workers push for a $15 hourly wage. About a dozen protestors who refused to move from the street were arrested.
Protesters block 87th Street at the Dan Ryan Expressway on Thursday Sept. 4, 2014 as part of a country-wide protest in which fast-food workers push for a $15 hourly wage. About a dozen protestors who refused to move from the street were arrested.
Caption Fast food workers stage protest for living wage
Protesters block 87th Street at the Dan Ryan Expressway on Thursday Sept. 4, 2014 as part of a country-wide protest in which fast-food workers push for a $15 hourly wage. About a dozen protestors who refused to move from the street were arrested.
Protesters block 87th Street at the Dan Ryan Expressway on Thursday Sept. 4, 2014 as part of a country-wide protest in which fast-food workers push for a $15 hourly wage. About a dozen protestors who refused to move from the street were arrested.
Caption Fast food workers begin day of protests
Hundreds of fast food workers gathered in Chicago and Cicero in support of increasing the minimum wage.
Hundreds of fast food workers gathered in Chicago and Cicero in support of increasing the minimum wage.
Caption 'Fight for 15': fast food worker protest calls for hourly wage of $15
'Fight for 15': fast food worker protest calls for hourly wage of $15
'Fight for 15': fast food worker protest calls for hourly wage of $15
Caption Police cuff protestors demanding higher fast-food wages
Police cuff protestors demanding higher fast-food wages
Police cuff protestors demanding higher fast-food wages
On Thursday morning, hundreds of protesters gathered near a McDonald's in Chatham, where two dozen people took over 87th Street by sitting on the pavement. They refused to move when a police officer asked and were handcuffed one by one and taken to the back of police cars with no protest.
One of the 19 cited was Kimberly Cotton, 29, who said she would do whatever it takes to fight for her rights and those of her co-workers.
"We're fed up. We won't take it no more," said Cotton as an officer dragged her by the arm, trying to find an empty police car.
At one point she asked him to stop so that she could finish her thought. He smiled and kept going.
Cotton said she has worked at McDonald's for a year and a half and makes about $800 a month.
The Chicago protesters were taken to a police facility at 79th Street and Halsted.
After being released, Cotton said she was a little scared but officers were nice to her. Ladies went into one holding cell, men into another.
"They tried to get us out fast," she said.

Team Babson: The Force Behind Effortless Energyreddit
City: Chicago, IL
Organization: Effortless Energy - An energy efficiency start-up that helps homeowners finance their home's upgrades by paying for the installation of specific appliances upfront and sharing the energy savings to recoup their investment.
Challenge: We were faced with two challenges: 1) Help Effortless Energy update their existing cost model, and 2) Chart out the process of identifying, maintaining and servicing its customers.
Impact: Over the course of a week, the team submitted two deliverables to Effortless Energy. To help the company understand its costs, we created an activity-based cost model at full employment in five years by identifying the positions and responsibilities required to service customers. We also looked at the expenses associated with these activities in order to provide a basic idea of how much it costs to serve an individual customer. Effortless Energy will now have a model to use in order to easily see how and on what they are spending their money.
For our second deliverable, we identified four main categories that formed the customer service cycle for the company. We did this by creating flowcharts to break down the steps required to complete each part of the process. This workflow will benefit Effortless Energy because it not only allows them to clearly identify and assign resources to each individual step of customer service, but also to easily pinpoint any gaps in the process to correct and maintain the quality of the service they provide.
Chicago is an exciting city with loads to offer in the way of entrepreneurship, entertainment, food and festivities, so it was only natural that we worked with a company that mirrored the same diversity. Just like the city, the company had many moving parts that took us a few days to navigate, understand and then react to. But still, we jumped in with both feet and enjoyed the ride!
We had the pleasure of working directly with Claire Tramm, the CEO of Effortless Energy, and her co-founder Matthew Gee. The two form an industrious pair that are looking to revolutionize the private energy sector in Chicago and beyond. Their passion is palpable and so we were exposed to the vast playing field that makes up the Energy Efficiency landscape. We became versed in the inner workings of the alternative business model they are setting up and the various revenue streams that are available to them due to the unique opportunity they have identified in the market.
We were all impressed by the potential their business proposition has and how they plan to make a difference in energy consumption using their skill and of course the proprietary algorithm they are creating to test the viability of their home upgrades for potential customers.
Effortless Energy is truly a unique business, poised for growth and success, and it was our pleasure to work and learn from them.
This blog post was originally published here on August 8, 2014.
Follow MBAs Across America on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MBAxAmerica
More:

I have enough liquidity to look after my growth needs: Arundhati BhattacharyaManojit Saha & Abhijit Lele |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:58 AM IST
I have enough liquidity to look after my growth needs: Arundhati Bhattacharya
Interview with SBI Chairman
Arundhati Bhattacharya, who completes a year as State Bank of India chairman this month-end, says she sees much more optimism now than six months ago. In an interview with Manojit Saha & Abhijit Lele, she says she expects stalled projects coming back on track in two quarters. Edited excerpts.
All are talking about green shoots. What’s your take?
I see much more optimism now than six months ago. People are indeed talking about new projects, investments and expansion. But these things take time to fructify. You have to give two quarters after a recovery in economy to see an impact on banks’ books. It’s not an easy process. The project pipeline has really run dry; it will take time to get it moving again. I think we have to wait until January before things get started again.
You mean new projects will start coming from January...
The first push will come from stalled projects, as getting something already on the ground back on track is easier. In the next two quarters, stalled projects will start moving. New projects are at least a year away.
SBI has not grown its loan book since March. Do you think it can repeat last year’s credit growth of 15 per cent this year?
With half the year already over, I don’t think we will reach 15 per cent. This quarter will be low, mainly due to the effect of a high base. We had grown at a high rate last September, especially in the corporate space. Going forward, we definitely see it picking up in October and November. By the end of this quarter, loan growth could be at the same level as March, or there could be some shrinkage.
Isn’t expanding the loan book a conscious strategy?
The fact is, credit demand itself is slow. We are very clear we don’t want to rush in if we see the risk is not in line with our appetite. So, to an extent, it is consciously managed. Unless there is credit demand from good firms, there is no rushing. At present, retail is doing better than the corporate segment.
SBI has seen a decline in bad loans in the last two quarters. Do you think the trend is sustainable or was it a one-off event mainly due to NPA sale?
What will happen is that the numbers will stabilise. The rate of increase of fresh NPA creation will come down. The restructuring pipeline is also less strong than the earlier. The restructuring pipeline was about Rs 3,700 crore but all of these may not be restructured in this quarter.
RBI has eased norms for Basel-III -compliant bonds. What does it mean for SBI?
It’s on the lines of what we had written to RBI. The additional Tier-I (AT1) capital instruments will be a little less costly. We always wanted to take AT1. So far as capital raising is concerned, We don’t need it at this point because we are not growing much. At this point SBI’s capital adequacy is 12.56 per cent if you take into account profits for the quarter ended June 2014. I want to make my bank more profitable at this point. I have enough liquidity and capital to look after my current growth needs.
How much is the surplus liquidity that SBI has?
More than Rs 50,000 crore.
Is there any possibility of reducing the base rate to boost credit growth?
I don't think so. Our base rate is the lowest. I don't think that is the way to boost credit growth
Have you seen a decline in cost of funds?
No, because there is a belief that interest rate is on top of the cycle. That has made more people putting money in fixed deposits rather than putting that in the short end. So, cost of funds has not come down. In fact, it has gone up slightly.
So are you planning to cut deposit rates?
We have already reduced the rate for up to one-year deposits. I don't see any immediate fall in deposits rates for longer tenure maturities.
Do you see RBI reducing interest rate any time soon?
RBI has quite clearly signalled that they will cut rates only if they are sure that inflation is comprehensively under control. I think they will stick to that.
United Bank of India has declared Kingfisher Airlines and Vijay Mallya a wilful defaulter. As the leader of the consortium of lenders, are you also planning such a move?
UBI has done it in respect of a loan taken from outside the consortium. For the loan given by the consortium, we have been looking at ways and means of doing it and as a result, we have also ordered a special audit. If the audit finding gives us a good ground for doing it, we will do it.
There is a new found aggression among public sector banks, which is evident from the proactive steps they are taking in cases like KFA or Bhushan Steel. What has changed?
Banks have always been trying to recover assets as far as possible. The reason why it is being noticed now is because the numbers are big and high profile accounts are involved. One of the reasons that stops fast action is that we have a rule of law and we have to go through the courts. In respect of the account that you are mentioning (Kingfisher), 22 court cases are there. We have to put in a large number of resources to fight these cases. It's not as if you want to do something and you can do it tomorrow.
We are asking both the government and the regulator to provide teeth to the regulations that are available to ensure we can get things done faster. Wilful default is not a law at present; it is a regulation. We need a wilful defaulter law, we need a bankruptcy law. We need all of these things as legal provisions.
The PJ Nayak committee had raised concerns on governance in public sector banks. What's your view?
Corporate governance has to come in many ways. The fact of the matter is that the quality of board members has to improve, though I must say it's not an issue as far as SBI is concerned. The selection process of top management should ensure that people who are coming in should come for a specific period of time. If they come for too short a period, they cannot really implement any long lasting changes. To the credit of the government, I must, say they have already thought of these things.
There is a thinking about lateral entry in the top positions of SBI. Do you think that is required?
Movement of that nature unless there is a logic to it, makes no sense. SBI has a large number of subsidiaries/associates and all of us get a stint to work as number one in some subsidiaries before becoming the chairman. So, we do have the feel of the market as well as an outside view. If a person is coming from outside, then he or she should get five to seven years term as chairman to allow him some space for some kind of learning curve. I am an SBI insider; even I needed some time to get adjusted after coming to this chair.
 Advertisements

Shriram seeks clarity on niche bank operationNupur Anand |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 AM IST
Shriram seeks clarity on niche bank operation
May apply for small bank and wholesale consumer banking licence
Having failed to earlier get a universal banking licence, the Chennai-based Shriram Group, which has a cluster of companies offering financial services, is now keen to apply for a small bank licence or a wholesale consumer banking one. Only, though, if it means they can carry on with their existing business.
“We have written to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) if one promoter can float multiple banks with different managements and different boards,” said G S Sundararajan, group director. “In case it is allowed, we would be keen to look at wholesale consumer banks and small banks as well.”
In a major shift in its traditional stance on bank licensing, RBI has said it would allow niche banking activities and invite applications for differentiated licences, along with those for a universal lender. It has already issued proposed norms on payment banks and small banks.
 
AIMING AT MULTIPLE POINTS
Shriram Group keen to apply for a small bank licence
It has also evinced interest on ‘wholesale consumer banking licence’, as and when draft guidelines are published
The Nachiket Mor panel on comprehensive financial services for small businesses and low income households talks about ‘wholesale consumer bank’ and ‘wholesale investment bank’
The group is keen to get into the banking space as it believes there is a final gap the offerings it has on the financial side of the business
The Nachiket Mor panel’s report on comprehensive financial services for small businesses and low income households has talked about wholesale consumer banks and wholesale investment banks. Draft guidelines on the latter bank are yet to come out. Sundararajan said if guidelines on wholesale consumer banks don’t hamper the current operations of the group’s businesses, they’d be more keen on this as compared to other differentiated banks.
The Rs 76,000-crore group is keen to get into the banking space, as it believes this is a gap in what it offers. Its hurdle is that RBI norms mandate converting an existing non-banking finance company (NBFC) into a bank, for no other entity in a group is allowed to offer products that a bank can. In the previous round of applications for a (universal) banking licence, Shriram Capital had told RBI towards the end that it was not comfortable with the regulation which mandated the merging of Shriram Transport Finance Corporation and Shriram City Union into the bank, in case a licence was granted.
Apart from the promoter status, the company has asked for some more clarifications on small banks. “For instance, we have asked what geography we should look at. The draft also said you will have to ring-fence the NBFC operation in that particular geography; what exactly does that mean? Does it mean we cannot do any more business there or we can do so in both the entities separately?” added Sundararajan.
He said there’d also been issues regarding the provisioning norms and the area of operations. “Why should we have SLR (statutory liquidity ratio), CRR (cash reserve ratio) requirements when we will be a financial inclusion bank? And, if it is going to cater to the priority sector for 50-60 per cent, why should there be SLR, CRR requirements anyway? Similarly, what are the geographies that can be covered by small banks? It says contiguous district/states — does it mean contiguous district and states or does it mean either districts or states?” he asked.
The group is very clear that it will apply for a licence only if their existing business is not hampered.”If we have to transfer our existing business into banks, it does not work for us. This will mean depriving our customer of credit for a considerable period of time till we build our deposit base,” explained Sundararajan.
 Advertisements

Eric Geller and The Daily DotA study is the first scientific examination of a persistent myth in 23 years
Sep 5, 2014
“Retained surgical items,” usually sponges, can cause great harm, but technology may help find them.
Sep 4, 2014
Bicycling Magazine says the Big Apple’s efforts to accommodate bicyclists in recent years earns it the top spot.
Sep 3, 2014
He is the fourth American to be diagnosed with Ebola in West Africa.
Sep 2, 2014
Research using ZMapp is “a huge step forward,” expert says, but supply of the drug is exhausted.
Aug 29, 2014
The research marks the first time ZMapp has cured a test subject after such a delay and raises hopes for its use.
Aug 29, 2014
Dental caries, or cavities, remain stubbornly common among the young. New recommendation: brush teeth as soon as they appear
Aug 27, 2014
The chemical is still found on the paper you get every day at grocery stores and elsewhere. Health impacts are uncertain.
Aug 26, 2014
Study: 43.9 percent of youth who used the electronic devices said they intended to smoke cigarettes.
Aug 25, 2014
A Harvard poll reveals how little we in the media have educated readers.
Aug 25, 2014
Load More
About
Lenny Bernstein writes the To Your Health blog. He started as an editor on the Post’s National Desk in 2000 and has worked in Metro and Sports.
Most Read

Investigation: Friendly-fire airstrike that killed U.S. Special Forces was avoidableBy Dan Lamothe September 4 Follow @danlamothe
A B-1B Lancer bomber flies over Afghanistan in November 2013. A Lancer was involved in a friendly fire airstrike that killed five U.S. troops and an Afghan soldier in June. (U.S. Air Force Photo/Master Sgt. Ben Bloker)
A friendly fire incident in Afghanistan that killed U.S. Special Forces and other American soldiers, along with an Afghan soldier, was the result of poor communication, inadequate planning and several other mistakes, according to the results of a U.S. military investigation released Thursday .
The June 9, 2014, airstrike marked one of the ugliest friendly fire incidents in more than 12 years of U.S. military operations in Afghanistan. A B-1B Lancer bomber dropped its ordnance on five U.S. soldiers, including members of an elite Special Forces team.
“The key members executing the close air support mission collectively failed to effectively execute the fundamentals, which resulted in poor situational awareness and improper target identification,” the investigating officer, Air Force Maj. Gen. Jeffrey L. Harrigian, said in his report. “While this complex combat situation presented a challenging set of circumstances, had the team understood their system’s capabilities, executed standard tactics, techniques and procedures and communicated effectively, this tragic incident was avoidable.”
Americans killed include Staff Sgt. Scott R. Studenmund, 24; Staff Sgt. Jason A. McDonald, 28; Spc. Justin R. Helton, 25; Cpl. Justin R. Clouse, 22; and Pvt. Aaron S. Toppen; 19. An Afghan army sergeant, Gulbuddin Ghulam Sakhi, also was fatally wounded by the bomb, according to the investigation report. McDonald and Studenmund were Special Operations troops with the 5th Special Forces Group of Fort Campbell, Ky., while Helton was a bomb technician and Clouse and Toppen were infantrymen.
The final investigation report, dated Aug. 5, describes confusion between the crew in the Air Force bomber and the leaders of the mission on the ground, which was launched in Zabul province to disrupt the Taliban and improve security in the Gaza Valley and Zabul’s Arghandab district. The situation spiraled quickly as the troops came under insurgent gunfire while waiting for helicopters to extract them near the end of the operation, the report said.
This photograph shows the area of Afghanistan where five U.S. troops and an Afghan soldier were killed in a friendly fire airstrike by a B-1B bomber on June 9, 2014. The image was edited by the U.S. military because of what it described as operational security. (Photo released by U.S. Central Command)
Significantly, the soldiers who were later killed by the airstrike maneuvered up a hill after taking enemy fire without it being understood by the U.S. commander on the ground, an Army captain, or the joint terminal attack controller (JTAC), whose job is to communicate with fighter jets and bombers to ensure the right targets are hit. The miscommunication resulted in other U.S. troops believing that muzzle flashes they saw from the Americans’ weapons marked the location of insurgents, the investigation found.
There were numerous other problems. All key leaders in the mission, including the ground commander, JTAC and air crew, thought that sensors on the bomber would be able to see infrared strobe markers. The targeting pod on the B-1B bomber cannot do that, leading the air crew to incorrectly believe there were not troops on the ridgeline they bombed, investigators determined.
Troops on the ground directing the airstrike repeatedly told the B-1B crew that all friendly troops were 300 meters away from the ridgeline about to be targeted. The bombs were dropped shortly after 8:24 p.m., and almost immediately questions were raised about whether a fatal mistake had been made. Soldiers at the base of the ridgeline reported that the bombs had hit “our hill,” and survivors scrambled to the site to check.
“All personnel were conducting their assigned tasks,” another Special Forces member told investigators, according to a copy of his witness statement included in the report. “I assumed the enemy was maneuvering, but I told my guys to stay put and make sure they had their strobes on. My understanding was that all my guys had strobes on and that the aircraft had identified guys without strobes on. It was clear to me that it had been relayed to aircraft that that there were American elements with [infrared] strobes on.”
A member of the Air Force crew, interviewed June 27 at a U.S. Central Command facility at Udeid Air Base in Qatar, said it was hard to communicate with the troops on the ground with radios, but they were clear that the JTAC wanted two bombs dropped on the hill.
“The JTAC’s focus on IR strobes was moer [sic] than normal, but I’m not going to question the JTAC in a situation like this,” the B-1B crew member said. “I can hear the stress in his voice and see… the [targeting] pod, so given the comms condition I’m not going to waste precious time questioning the information the JTAC is passing.”

Nearly 200 Arrested As Fast Food Workers Strike Nationwide'$15 Could Change Everything': Hundreds Arrested As Fast-Food Workers Strike Nationwide
Posted:
reddit
CHARLESTON, S.C. -- About two dozen of this city's fast-food workers marched Thursday afternoon to a street corner that's home to a McDonald's, a Wendy's and a KFC. Calling for a living wage of $15, they seated themselves in the middle of a freeway entrance, backing up traffic as far as the eye could see.
Charleston police were eventually forced to pull them out of the street one by one, citing them for disorderly conduct in what were deemed "non-custodial" arrests. All told, 18 people -- most of them earning right around minimum wage -- were arrested next to the McDonald's parking lot.
"I'm just tired of seeing my family struggle," Robert Brown, a 20-year-old with short dreadlocks sprouting from his McDonald's visor, said right after a cop handed him a citation ordering him to appear in court. "I can't help them at all with what I make."
The Charleston arrests were part of Thursday's nationwide protest coordinated by Fight for $15, a union-backed campaign in which workers are demanding a $15 wage and union recognition. With the support of local labor and community groups, workers have been taking part in a series of intermittent one-day strikes in various cities over the past two years, shaming big fast-food companies like McDonald's over low pay and irregular hours.
Organizers billed Thursday's strikes and protests as an escalation of the campaign through civil disobedience. Notably, the demonstrations have spread well beyond big cities like New York and Chicago, where they were originally based. On Thursday, workers took to the streets in places like Durham, North Carolina; Tucson, Arizona; and Rochester, New York, according to news reports.
A Fight for $15 spokesperson said that roughly 500 people had been arrested in the demonstrations as of Thursday afternoon, though a portion of those appeared to be citations without arrest.
In instances that HuffPost could confirm, police arrested 47 people in Kansas City, Missouri; 27 in West Milwaukee, Wisconsin; 19 in New York City's Times Square; 30 in Detroit; 11 in San Diego; 8 in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania; seven in Miami; and three in Denver. Police also confirmed 19 citations in Chicago; 10 in Indianapolis; 13 in Hartford, Connecticut; and 10 in Las Vegas. In most cases, the arrests and citations came after protesters were blocking traffic.
The high-profile strikes -- which tend to draw national news coverage when they happen -- have helped progressive legislators push through minimum wage hikes on the state and local level in recent months, including a $15 wage floor that will slowly go into effect in Seattle. Even President Barack Obama has held up the protests as evidence that Congress needs to hike the federal minimum wage, which hasn't been raised since 2009. The current level of $7.25 is less than half of what the Fight for $15 campaign is calling for.
"You know what? If I were looking for a job that lets me build some security for my family, I’d join a union," Obama said Monday in a Labor Day speech. "If I were busting my butt in the service industry and wanted an honest day’s pay for an honest day’s work, I’d join a union."
While the fast-food companies themselves have generally remained quiet, critics of the campaign who sympathize with the industry have tried to dismiss the protests as stunts orchestrated by the Service Employees International Union. The union has devoted millions of dollars to the campaign in an effort to bring unionism to what's generally a union-free industry.
With some exceptions, the fast-food strikes generally haven't been large enough to shut down restaurants. In fact, it isn't always clear how many of the people participating in a protest are striking workers. In Charleston on Thursday, several workers said they had the day off and wanted to take part in the protest; others told HuffPost they were missing a scheduled shift and were formally notifying their bosses they were taking part in a protected one-day strike.
Jonathan Bennett said he was supposed to be working at Arby's on Thursday.
"If we don't do this, I don't know who will," Bennett said. "$15 could change everything."
South Carolina does not mandate a minimum wage higher than the federal level. All of the workers interviewed by HuffPost on Thursday said they made less than $8 per hour at their restaurants. That works out to a full-time salary of about $16,000 per year, which is well below the poverty level for a family of three. Most workers said they don't get a full 40 hours each week, either.
As in other towns, the Charleston protest drew in just a small fraction of the city's actual fast-food workforce. But the fact that it was happening at all in South Carolina took onlookers by surprise. The state has the third-lowest union density in the nation, with little of the organized labor infrastructure that often helps lead a wage protest.
Dave Crossley, a local who came out in support of the protest, marveled at the line of workers bottling up traffic for blocks on Spring Street, chanting for "$15 and a union."
"This sort of thing doesn't happen in Charleston," he said.
Dave Jamieson reported from Charleston and Jillian Berman reported from New York.
More:

Meet the man who built AlibabaWho the heck is Jack Ma? Meet the man who built Alibaba
By Sophia Yan  @sophia_yan September 4, 2014: 9:56 PM ET
 
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Alibaba founder Jack Ma was never supposed to be a billionaire.
Harvard snubbed him. He flunked college entrance exams twice. Investors thought the serial entrepreneur was crazy when he started building an e-commerce site in China.
But Ma proved them all wrong. Alibaba, which he launched in 1999 from his tiny Hangzhou apartment, is set for one of the largest IPOs in U.S. history.
Analysts estimate that Alibaba -- which does most things digital -- could be valued at $200 billion, roughly four times the market cap of Lockheed Martin ( LMT ).
How did an English teacher with a modest translation business become a tech titan? It began with a drink.
Searching for "beer" and "China" during his first use of the Internet in 1995, Ma found nothing. But there was plenty of information about American beer. And German beer.
Sensing an opportunity, Ma built a Chinese-language webpage. Within hours of launch, he was receiving enquiries from around the world. The Internet, Ma thought, is "going to change the world and change China."
A few years later, in 1999, Ma gathered 17 friends and acquaintances at his home. They worked feverishly on a new venture: a website to connect exporters with foreign buyers.
Alibaba.com was born. The firm quickly outgrew Ma's apartment, eventually becoming the dominant tech company in China.
The comedian is our CEO
Ma, 49, has always been proud of his humble roots. When Alibaba launched, Ma had no money, no tech experience and a haphazard management style.
But he did have plenty of charisma. Former executives say Ma's infectious optimism -- and his talent with languages -- helped sell the dream.
"He's funny! He can do standup in Chinese or English," said Duncan Clark, a former Alibaba consultant. "He can adapt to the audience ... he has the ability to make everybody in the room feel as if he's talking to just one person."
Ma, married with two kids, is also known to rely on gut instinct.
"He cares more about what is in someone's heart than what is on their resume," said Porter Erisman, a former executive who made a documentary about the company. "Look at the senior managers -- at Alibaba, a lot of them had no prior business experience."
Employees are "Ali people," and managers are given nicknames taken from popular Chinese martial arts novels. Ma, a tai chi devotee, sometimes draws inspiration for company strategy from those books.
The Yangtze River crocodile
Ma is also a ferocious competitor, and steadfast in his belief that Chinese firms can take on international rivals.
"Chinese brains are just as good ... this is the reason we dare to compete with Americans," Ma told his fellow co-founders in 1999. "We can beat government agencies and big famous companies, because of our innovative spirit."
It was this conviction that led Ma to challenge eBay in 2003 when the Silicon Valley firm was expanding its China operation.
Spoiling for a fight, Ma sent a team back to his apartment to devise the next big thing. "EBay is a shark in the ocean; we are a crocodile in the Yangtze River," he said. "If we fight in the ocean, we will lose, but if we fight in the river, we will win."
The team came back with a product called Taobao, or "searching for treasure," in Chinese. The platform was similar to eBay, but better suited to the local market.
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) invested $1 billion in the venture. Within a few years, Taobao squeezed eBay out of China. The marketplace handled $177 billion in sales in 2013.
"Ali People" flock to Alifest
Alibaba is a global company with 22,000 employees and 90 offices. Its popular sites, Taobao and Tmall.com, account for 80% of China's online retail sales, and receive more than 100 million visitors a day.
The group and its affiliates operate an e-payment business, online investment funds , cloud computing and mobile services. Remembering how difficult it was to get financing for his translation business, Ma started a loan service to help entrepreneurs.
Alibaba is also getting into entertainment and sports, acquiring media companies and a soccer team in a pre-IPO buying spree. Critics say this is irresponsible -- a last hurrah before Ma is beholden to shareholders.
Ma stepped down as CEO in 2013, and now pursues philanthropic endeavors . But he remains chief strategist at Alibaba, and the public face of the company. He is, by all accounts, still very involved in management decisions.
Once a year, employees and customers turn their attention to Alifest -- a conference that at times resembles a rock concert. The blowout event has featured guests including Bill Clinton and Kobe Bryant.
"Alifest convinced me to join Alibaba," said former executive David Wei. "I've never seen so many happy customers, so many happy employees."
Ma performs at these gatherings, donning sparkly costumes and belting out popular tunes. The crowd always goes wild.
"I never thought I would be where I am today," Ma said in a speech last year. "I never thought Alibaba would be where it is today."
First Published: September 4, 2014: 9:49 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Lexus hunts BavariansLexus RC, a special envoy to Bavaria
Jonathan Schultz
About the author
Deputy editor of BBC Autos, Jonathan was formerly the editor of The New York Times' Wheels blog. His automotive writing has appeared in The New York Times, The Los Angeles Times Magazine, Details, Surface, Intersection and Design Observer. He has an affinity for the Citroën DS and Toyota pickup trucks of the early 1990s.
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport
(Toyota Motor Sales)
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport
(Toyota Motor Sales)
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport
(Toyota Motor Sales)
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport
(Toyota Motor Sales)
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport
(Toyota Motor Sales)
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport
(Toyota Motor Sales)
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport
(Toyota Motor Sales)
How close is the BMW 4 Series to the Concept 4?
HIDE CAPTION
Dominance is draining. For the hare, the tortoise, the spectators, the analysts charged with generating suspense when the meeting’s outcome is all but assured – it is a tedious business. Yet in the run-up to the decisive encounter, dreams of toppled giants run rampant.
Related
A rip-snorting Lexus?
This has forever been Lexus’s sweet spot, and also its burden: to send guileless contenders forth from Nagoya, Japan, to upend their haughty German rivals. Victories – a faster lap time here, a stronger financial quarter there, higher residual values almost everywhere – are on the books, but people don’t follow the fight for the TKOs; they want a knockout.
It would appear the 2015 Lexus RC came ready to rumble. Built in part to demonstrate that the Lexus LFA – a $400,000 carbon-fibre scythe judged “perfect” by Top Gear’s Jeremy Clarkson – was no mere science project, the coupe is the clearest indication yet that Toyota’s luxury subsidiary is out for blood. Bavarian blood, specifically. 
Indeed, BMW is never far from an RC driver’s mind or a Lexus product representative’s mouth. The desire to dominate the 4 Series , BMW’s mid-range coupe, seizes the RC so forcefully at times that it succumbs to it. Vaulting ambition makes for high entertainment, though, and the RC can be an engrossing performer.
Lexus begins with strong bones. The RC is built on a chassis that borrows heavily from the GS mid-size and IS compact sedans, each of which have benefited from infusions of high-strength, flex-resistant steel. Though RC shoppers will encounter no fewer than four trim levels, Lexus is crowing loudest about the coupe’s performance variants: the RC 350 F Sport and RC F.
The brand introduced this twosome to global media in New York’s rolling Catskills, where the Monticello Motor Club maintains 4.1 miles of pristine private track amid the birches and pines. Given Lexus’s ambitions, it was a brash piece of location scouting.
Brashness, in fact, is written all over the coupe. Lexus is known (some might say reviled) for conservative styling – a legacy it is trying to shake . But it is a halting evolution. The brand’s new familial “spindle grille” can sometimes read like a flamboyant signature on an otherwise blank canvas. The RC, however, wears the grille like a manga warrior’s facemask, an integral piece of armour. Around it, LEDs and character lines cut and dart across the sheet metal, leaving deep gashes, bulges and creases in their wake. For all the surface drama, the fundamental shape may seem familiar. Is that a hint of BMW 6 Series in the profile? Perhaps a touch of Infiniti Q60? Or maybe Honda Accord Coupe? Yes, yes and yes.
Not to suggest there’s no soul beneath the RC’s skin, but drivers in thrall to the 4 Series’ unadorned, sculpted cool may be unmoved by this competing vision.
The route to Monticello was covered in the range-topping, 467-horsepower RC F. This is the bludgeon of the pair, packing a 5-litre V8 engine that conveys nearly 4,000lbs of sport-luxury tackle down the road. Though all RC Fs are driven by their rear wheels, buyers can sharpen handling by ordering a torque-vectoring differential – part of a $5,500 performance package that also contains a carbon fibre roof and rear wing. Depending on traction and tire load, the system modulates power to the rear wheels, which helps the car dispatch curves more neatly at speed. Such sophistication is imperceptible anywhere other than a track, and even there the standard Torsen limited-slip setup delivers comparable benefits at no additional cost. Know thyself.
Like all mid-level sport-luxury coupes, the RC 350 F Sport and RC F feature multiple driving profiles that alter the cars’ temperament at the twist of a dial. On the wooded parkways east of Monticello, only the sharpest setting, Sport+, summoned the kind of instantaneous thrust expected from a naturally aspirated V8. But the RC F’s engine lag is, paradoxically, by design. Not unlike V8s that can run on four cylinders under light load, the RC F’s unit spins on an Atkinson cycle at cruising speeds – an inheritance from Toyota’s hybrid products. Lexus claims the coupe returns 25mpg on the highway. To rouse the big V8 from its Atkinson-induced stupor, simply apply a heavy right foot.
The engine, mind, is a monster, conveying Corvette-calibre grunts and growls into the cabin. And it has an eager partner in Lexus’s new eight-speed automatic transmission – again, presuming the driver is in Sport+. Otherwise, paddle-pulled shifts register later than drivers of 467hp coupes may have patience for. And given the drum-tight ride that attends Sport+ drives, the paddles may be best reserved for a track day. Such compromises are not asked by the RC F’s Bavarian foil, the M4 – let alone by a BMW 435i coupe fitted with the M Sport package, costing some $10,000 less than an RC F.
Lexus regains its balance in the cabin. Both RC F and RC 350 F Sport have wondrously supportive, gorgeously stitched seats, a direct inheritance of the LFA. The central digital gauges relay such esoterica as yaw and G-force, but the tachometer and inset analogue speedometer remain reassuringly prominent behind their bezels. Excellent seats and legroom continue to the back, though rear passengers above 5ft 4in will find their heads bumping against the liner.
First on the track is the RC 350 F Sport, whose 3.5-litre, 306hp V6 carries over from the IS 350 sedan. Lexus touts the F Sport’s rear-wheel-steer assist, but the benefit is difficult to glean even at the limit. Speaking of limits, those of the RC 350 F Sport’s brakes are exceeded after a couple laps, though the engine remains eager. A bit of brake softness can be tolerated; the track is not the F Sport’s natural arena anyway.
Not so the RC F. At Monticello, the big coupe bounds round bends like a Rottweiler after a squirrel, tongue lolling out of its massive skull. Set to Sport+, the car feels stronger and more sure-footed than on the street, lunging towards its 7,300rpm redline while a driver luxuriates in utter comfort. (Attack dog or no, this is still a Lexus.)
The RC F illuminates a hard truth for carmakers who fixate resolutely on a segment. An M4 buyer may never be swayed by the RC F, but that is no knock against Lexus. With some imagination, though, a 467hp heavyweight that coddles its driver could cause night sweats for the Nissan GT-R – a car whose price has ballooned from the RC F’s $65,000-$75,000 range to over $100,000. Wizened boy racers who watched their dream car skip orbit might now flock to a softer, more luxurious, but still deeply contrarian and howlingly quick coupe – one that throws child-seat anchors in at no charge.
Such potential may not even register with Lexus. More likely, the brand will content itself with whatever pyrrhic victories the RCs score over their German targets, never fully grasping what it means to win.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .
Vital Stats
2015 Lexus RC 350 F Sport and RC F
Base price: $48,800 (F Sport); $63,325 (F)
As tested: $53,685; $73,225
EPA fuel economy: 19mpg city/28mpg highway; 16mpg city, 25mpg highway
Powertrain: 306hp 3.5-litre gasoline V6 engine; 467hp 5-litre gasoline V8 engine; eight-speed automatic transmission, rear-wheel drive
Standard equipment: Vehicle stability control, LED headlamps, Safety Connect automatic collision notification
Major options: Mark Levinson audio system, premium package, performance package
Advertising Feature

Rupee Falls to 60.45 on Broad Dollar Gains after ECB ActionYou are here: Home Market
Rupee Falls on Broad Dollar Gains after ECB Action
Reuters | Updated On: September 05, 2014 10:24 (IST)
Sanghi Industries, B L Kashyap Jump on Fund Buying
The rupee was trading at 60.43/44 versus its previous close of 60.3550/3650. The index of the dollar against six major currencies was trading up 0.05 per cent.
Gains in the domestic share market may, however, limit a sharp fall in the rupee. The Nifty was trading up 0.19 per cent.
Foreign investors bought shares worth $281.3 million on Thursday, as per provisional exchange data.
The European Central Bank cut interest rates and launched a large stimulus package for the flagging euro zone economy on Thursday.
Traders are now awaiting the U.S. nonfarm payrolls for further direction.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Apple to warn users of iCloud hack bidsSeptember 5, 2014 3:44 am
Apple to warn users of iCloud hack attempts
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91f2fafe-34a3-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NSA Doval to visit Beijing ahead of Xis India tripUpdated: September 5, 2014 12:31 IST
NSA Doval to visit Beijing ahead of Xi’s India trip
PTI
The Hindu National Security Advisor Ajit Doval
TOPICS
India-China
National Security Advisor (NSA) Ajit Doval will visit Beijing next week for talks with Chinese leaders ahead of President Xi Jinping’s visit to India later this month.
During his three-day visit starting from September 8, Mr. Doval would hold talks with Yang Jiechi, the Chinese State Councillor, officials said.
He is also later expected to call on Mr. Xi.
Both countries are currently making hectic preparations for Mr. Xi’s first visit to India after he took over as President in 2013.

Buy HPCL  Axis Bank for Short Term: Rajat BoseSanghi Industries, B L Kashyap Jump on Fund Buying
The Nifty after making an all-time high of 8,141.90 on Wednesday has been consolidating in a range of 100 points in last two days.
Rajat K Bose, chief technical analyst at rajatkbose.com says in the short term Nifty will trade between 8,057 in the down side to 8,141 in the upside. ( Watch interview here )
Mr Bose said "8,127-8,141 is a major supply zone for Nifty". Nifty needs to cross this zone in order to scale further highs, he added.
Foreign investors continued to be net buyers of Indian equities in last two trading sessions. They have pumped in around Rs 3,000 crore into India equities in last two days.
Rajat Bose says "looking at last two days consolidation including today we should not jump into the conclusion that now a correction is about to start".
However he believes as Nifty is trading close to its upside range of 8,141, traders can take short position with a stop-loss at 8,150.
His stock calls:
1) Buy HPCL above Rs 485 for a target of Rs 494 and higher.
2) CESC: Mr Bose says CESC is showing strong momentum, traders can buy the stock with stop-loss at Rs 747.
3) Axis Bank: Mr Bose says Axis Bank has broken its upside range of Rs 409. Traders can buy the stock if it stays above Rs 409.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 13:00 (IST)

Sun Pharma s Ranbaxy takeover may hurt competition: CCISun Pharma s Ranbaxy takeover may hurt competition: CCI
Sensex down over 100 points as financials dragSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 01:28 PM IST
Sensex down over 100 points as financials drag
HDFC twins, ICICI Bank, Tata Motors and Bharti Airtel were the major draggers
Markets have slipped to day lows with the benchmark indices down 107 points at 26,979 and the Nifty gave off 27 points at 8,068 as selling financials, Tata Motors and Bharti Airtel weighed on the indices.
There was some resilience in broader markets with the smallcap index up 0.6% and the midcap index gained 0.2% outperforming the BSE benchmark index down 0.5%.
Sectors & Stocks
Auto, Health Care, Power and banking index down 0.5-1% were the major sectoral losers in noon trades.
L&T, Baja Auto, SBI, ONGC, Infosys, GAIL, Hindalco and TCS up 0.4-1% were the top gainers among Sensex-30.
Some of the notable names in red were HDFC, Coal India, BHEL, Tata Motors, ICICI Bank, Hero Moto Corp, Tata Power, Bharti Airtel and Sun Pharma down 1-2.5%.
In individual names, Natco Pharma was locked in 5% upper circuit at Rs 1,439 after the company said its marketing partner in the US, Breckenridge Pharmaceutical, Inc. (BPI), has filed an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) for Everolimus for tablets in dosages of 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg.
Info Edge (India) gained 2% at Rs 784 after the company's QIP Committee, on Thursday, approved and authorised the launch of Qualified Institutions Placement.
The market breadth was positive on BSE. 1,500 stocks advanced while 1,272 stocks declined.
Rupee
The rupee is trading at 60.43/44 versus its previous close of 60.3550/3650.
The USD/INR pair is sustaining gains despite monetary stimulus by the ECB as most funding in India remains dollar denominated, say traders.
Global Markets
Asian stocks were largely in red on Friday following the European Central Bank's surprise rate cut and caution persisting ahead of a  US jobs report.
Shanghai Composite up 0.87% was the only major market in green.
European markets exhibited a mixed trend with CAC and FTSE down by upto 0.1% while DAX added 0.2%.
 Advertisements

Ukraine battles rage despite truce talks© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a53569c-34cd-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Diageo-controlled United Spirits orders probe into loans to UB Group cosApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

West considers new sanctions on RussiaUkraine, rebels sign ceasefire deal as EU leaders consider sanctions on Russia
By Matthew Chance and Laura Smith-Spark, CNN
September 5, 2014 -- Updated 1937 GMT (0337 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
NEW: President Barack Obama says he's hopeful but skeptical about the ceasefire
Ceasefire ordered by President Petro Poroshenko comes into effect
President asks Ukrainian Foreign Minister and OSCE to monitor compliance
EU member states are considering a new round of sanctions against Russia
Moscow (CNN) -- Ukraine's government and separatist leaders signed a ceasefire deal Friday after talks in Belarus, raising hopes of an end to the nearly five-month conflict that has wracked eastern Ukraine.
The ceasefire went into effect at 6 p.m. local time (11 a.m. ET) on the order of Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko.
It was not immediately clear if it would hold.
Artillery fire and explosions were heard in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk as of 6 p.m. local time, the city's website said.
But a CNN team in southeastern Ukraine, where Ukrainian forces and the rebels have engaged in fierce fighting this week between the Russian border and the port city of Mariupol, said that as of 20 minutes into the ceasefire period there had been no renewal of artillery fire.
Ceasefire deal reported in Ukraine
Fighting in Ukraine before ceasefire
Truce between Ukraine and rebels?
Swedish minister outlines Russia measures
President Barack Obama said he was hopeful but skeptical that a ceasefire in Ukraine would hold, questioning if pro-Russian rebels would adhere to it.
Obama, speaking at the end of a NATO summit in Wales, added that NATO was "fully united in support of Ukraine's sovereignty, independence, territorial integrity and ability to defend itself."
Member nations would send nonlethal military aid and help modernize Ukraine's security forces while the United States and European allies finalize measures "to deepen and broaden sanctions" against Russia, he said.
"Russia's aggression against Ukraine threatens our vision of a Europe that is whole, free and at peace." he said.
Speaking to reporters at the same summit, Poroshenko said the ceasefire deal was based on his peace plan and an agreement reached in a phone call this week with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
He said the sovereignty, territorial integrity and independence of Ukraine were key to the 12-point plan. He also said he hoped the exchange of prisoners would start in the near future, perhaps as soon as Saturday.
Poroshenko said it was important that ceasefire lasted, and that during this period a political dialogue should continue on restoring peace and stability to the Luhansk and Donetsk regions.
"We are ready to provide significant steps, including the decentralization of power," he said, as well as greater economic freedoms for the Luhansk and Donetsk regions and guarantees that their culture and language be respected. Many in the region are Russian speaking.
The self-styled Donetsk People's Republic Twitter feed also said the ceasefire had been signed and that it would come into effect at 6 p.m. local time.
However, the ceasefire does not mean the end of the Donetsk People's Republic and the Luhansk People's Republic, separatist leaders said at a televised news conference after signing it.
Poroshenko has asked his foreign minister and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, which already has international observers in Ukraine, to monitor compliance with the ceasefire.
Ukraine fighting on the ground
NATO to pressure Russia over Ukraine
Ukrainian troops protect themselves from a nearby shooting in Debaltseve, Ukraine, on Tuesday, September 9. A fledgling truce between the Ukrainian government and pro-Russian rebels is already under threat, as both sides have accused the other of violating it. The fighting in the country has left more than 2,500 people dead since mid-April, according to the United Nations.
Young residents of Berdyansk, Ukraine, dig trenches September 9 to help Ukrainian forces protect the city from possible rebel attacks.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, left, inspects military personnel during a visit to Mariupol, Ukraine, on Monday, September 8.
A pro-Russian rebel stands next to a truck with a heavy machine gun attached to it Sunday, September 7, in Donetsk, Ukraine.
Homes smolder after being hit by shelling in Donetsk on September 7.
A woman stands next to a road sign September 7 after an overnight bombing attack at an Ukrainian army checkpoint on the outskirts of Mariupol.
Ukrainian troops stand on a deserted road as they patrol the border area of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions Friday, September 5, near Debaltseve.
A man repairs damage to a building caused by shelling in Donetsk on September 5.
Smoke rises on the outskirts of Mariupol after pro-Russian rebels fired heavy artillery on September 5.
Ukrainian soldiers ride a tank on a road close to where pro-Russian rebels fired heavy artillery outside Mariupol on September 5.
A wounded Ukrainian soldier is helped by a medical team on the outskirts of Mariupol on September 5.
A pro-Russian rebel holds a destroyed weapon in the village of Novokaterynivka, Ukraine, on Thursday, September 4.
Unmarked military vehicles burn on a country road in Berezove, Ukraine, on September 4 after a clash between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels. For months, Ukrainian government forces have been fighting the rebels near Ukraine's eastern border with Russia.
People wait by their cars near Berezove on September 4 as rockets hit the road ahead.
A pro-Russian rebel holds a dog, which has a hand grenade attached to its leash, in Donetsk on Wednesday, September 3.
Pro-Russian rebels fire at Ukrainian army positions in Donetsk on September 3.
A Ukrainian military vehicle patrols in the Donetsk region on September 3.
Pro-Russian rebels hold a man near a column of destroyed Ukrainian military vehicles in Novokaterynivka on Tuesday, September 2.
A Ukrainian military truck passes by a serviceman resting in his military camp in Ukraine's Donetsk region on September 2.
A destroyed Ukrainian military vehicle sits abandoned on the side of the road near Novokaterynivka on September 2.
Men clear rubble in Ilovaisk, Ukraine, on Sunday, August 31.
Ukrainian troops leave the rebel-held town of Starobesheve on Saturday, August 30.
A Ukrainian loyalist fighter from the Azov Battalion stands guard on a hill on the outskirts of Mariupol on August 30.
A pro-Russian rebel listens to the news on a transistor radio in the town of Novoazovsk, Ukraine, on Friday, August 29.
Ukrainian soldiers stop on a roadside as they wait for the start of their march into Mariupol on Wednesday, August 27.
A man opens a box filled with rocket-propelled grenades left by the Ukrainian army in Starobesheve.
A pro-Russian rebel walks through a local market damaged by shelling in Donetsk on Tuesday, August 26.
Ukrainian servicemen of the volunteer battalion Azov leave for Novoazovsk on August 26.
Pro-Russian rebels escort captured Ukrainian soldiers in a central square in Donetsk on Sunday, August 24.
People yell as Ukrainian prisoners are paraded through Donetsk in eastern Ukraine on August 24.
A pro-Russian rebel delivers a speech atop a damaged Ukrainian armored personnel carrier in Donetsk on August 24.
People look at damaged Ukrainian military equipment in Donetsk on August 24.
The first trucks of a Russian aid convoy roll on the main road to Luhansk in eastern Ukraine on Friday, August 22. The head of Ukraine's security service called the convoy a "direct invasion" under the guise of humanitarian aid since it entered the country without Red Cross monitors.
A pro-Russian rebel holds shrapnel from a rocket after shelling in Donetsk on August 22.
Residents sit in a makeshift bomb shelter during a shelling in Makiyivka, Ukraine, on Wednesday, August 20.
Dogs play together as a Russian convoy carrying aid supplies stops at a border control point with Ukraine, in the Russian town of Donetsk, on August 20.
Ukrainian forces take their position not far from Luhansk, Ukraine, on August 20.
Clouds of smoke are on the horizon as Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian rebels clash in Yasynuvata, a suburb of Donetsk, Ukraine, on Tuesday, August 19.
An Ukrainian helicopter flies near Kramatorsk, Ukraine, on August 19.
Ukrainian soldiers load a missile during fighting with pro-Russian rebels Monday, August 18, near Luhansk.
Boys play at a refugee camp, set up by the Russian Emergencies Ministry, near the Russian-Ukrainian border on August 18.
Ukrainian soldiers carry weapons at a checkpoint near Debaltseve, Ukraine, on Saturday, August 16.
Pro-Russian rebels greet each other as they pass near Krasnodon, Ukraine, on August 16.
A fireman tries to extinguish a fire after shelling in Donetsk on August 16.
Ukrainian border guards patrol near Novoazovsk on Friday, August 15.
Trucks of a Russian humanitarian convoy are parked in a field outside the town of Kamensk-Shakhtinsky, in the Rostov region of Russia about 20 miles from the Ukraine border, on August 15. Ukrainian officials were preparing to inspect the convoy, which was bound for the conflict-torn east.
A truck driver from the convoy jumps out of a trailer on August 15. The Ukrainian government had expressed fears that the convoy was a large-scale effort to smuggle supplies or troops to pro-Russian rebels.
A tank belonging to pro-Russian rebels moves along a street in Donetsk on August 15.
A Ukrainian soldier walks past a line of self-propelled guns as a column of military vehicles prepares to head to the front line near Ilovaisk, Ukraine, on Thursday, August 14.
A Ukrainian soldier prepares a mortar at a position near Ilovaisk on August 14.
A man inspects damage at his house after a shelling in Donetsk on August 14.
A convoy of trucks, which Moscow said was carrying relief goods for war-weary civilians, moves from Voronezh, Russia, toward Rostov-on-Don, Russia, on August 14.
Pro-Russian rebels on the outskirts of Donetsk stand at a checkpoint near a bullet-riddled bus on Wednesday, August 13.
A pro-Russian rebel inspects damage after shelling in Donetsk on Thursday, August 7.
Smoke billows from a Ukrainian fighter jet crash near the village of Zhdanivka, Ukraine, on August 7.
Residents of eastern Ukraine cry in a hospital basement being used as a bomb shelter August 7 in Donetsk.
Ordnance from a Ukrainian rocket launcher shoots toward a pro-Russian militant position in the Donetsk region on August 7.
Relatives of Ukrainian military member Kyril Andrienko, who died in combat in eastern Ukraine, gather during his funeral in Lviv, Ukraine, on August 7.
Refugees from southeastern Ukraine wait at a refugee camp in Donetsk on Wednesday, August 6.
A pro-Russian rebel adjusts his weapon in Donetsk on August 6.
Men walk past a bomb crater in Donetsk on August 6.
A man steps out of his car as Ukrainian soldiers inspect the vehicle at a checkpoint in Debaltseve on August 6.
Ukrainian servicemen sit on a bus near Slovyansk, Ukraine, on Tuesday, August 5.
A pro-Russian separatist guards a road as Australian, Malaysian and Dutch investigators prepare to examine the crash site of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 near the village of Rossipne, Ukraine, on August 5. U.S. and Ukrainian officials allege that a Russian-made missile shot down the plane from rebel-held territory, killing all 298 people on board. Russia and the rebel fighters deny involvement.
Rescue workers carry the body of a woman who was killed during a bomb shelling in Donetsk on August 5.
A boy stands in a hallway of a refugee hostel run by pro-Russian rebels in Donetsk on Monday, August 4.
Ukrainian servicemen from the Donbass volunteer battalion clean their guns Sunday, August 3, in Popasna, Ukraine.
Ukrainian soldiers fire shells toward rebel positions near Pervomaysk, Ukraine, on Saturday, August 2.
Ukrainian troops patrol near the village of Novoselovka on Thursday, July 31.
A woman says goodbye to her mother as she flees her home in Shakhtersk, Ukraine, on Tuesday, July 29. See more photos of the crisis from earlier this year
Crisis in Ukraine

L&T Bags Rs. 5 100-Cr Order From Madhya Pradesh Utility; Shares UpApple Unveils Watch, Larger iPhones in Bid to Retake Innovation Crown
New Delhi: Infrastructure major Larsen & Toubro on Friday said it has won an order worth Rs 5,100 crore for setting up a 1,320 MW thermal power plant in Madhya Pradesh.
"Larsen & Toubro (L&T) has secured a turnkey order for setting up a 2x660 MW thermal power project on a complete Engineering-Procurement-Construction (EPC) basis from the state utility MP Power Generating Company Ltd," L&T said in a statement.
"Valued over Rs 5,100 crore, the project order covers design, engineering, manufacture, supply, erection and commissioning of two coal-fired thermal units of 660 MW each with supercritical (energy efficient and environment friendly) parameters," the statement said.
The project is located in the Khandwa district of Madhya Pradesh.
"The first unit of Stage-I of Shree Singaji thermal power project had recently gone commercial and was operating satisfactorily. The awarding of the Stage-II affirms L&T's credentials in EPC execution of power plants under critical schedules," Shailendra Roy, whole-time director (power, minerals and metals) of L&T, said in the statement.
L&T has established joint ventures with Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems, Japan for manufacture of supercritical boilers and turbines at its complex in Hazira, Gujarat.
In the supercritical segment, L&T has also set up manufacturing capabilities in Hazira for power plant auxiliaries including high pressure piping, coal pulverizers, fans, air preheaters, feed-water heaters and condensers.
As of 2:53 p.m., shares in L&T were trading at Rs 1608.00 apiece on the BSE, up 1.20 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 05, 2014 15:09 (IST)

Firm to pay Rs 3.5L for deficiently cancelling registrationApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Over 70 killed in Pak rains  floods  militarydeployedPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 5, 2014 4:49 pm
On Friday Pakistan military was called to support the rescue operation after monsoon rain, flash floods and rain related accidents killed about 70 people, mostly in Punjab, in the last two days.
The downpour, being termed as one of the heaviest, started on Wednesday and is still continuing in parts of Punjab and Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.
Army has been deployed to help in evacuation of people who are caught in torrential rains by flash floods, Military spokesman Major General Asim Saleem Bjawa said in a statement.
“Army troops have been moved for flood relief duties in Sialkot, Narowal, Head Marala, Wazirabad and Jalalpur Jattan.
Troops will remain standby at Shahdara, Lahore,” Bjawa said.
Rescue official said that all the deaths occurred in Punjab and PoK, the worst affected areas by rain.
The deaths were caused by collapsing of roofs, electrocution and drowning.
Muhammad Hanif, an official from Metrological Department said that some cities received heaviest rain in 30 years.
A number of cities received over 130mm of rain. The system is likely to persist for another 48 hours.
About 16 people, including three women, were killed in Lahore as rain levelled houses in different areas of the city.
Five people were killed in Faisalabad, six in Gujranwala, five in Sialkot, four in Kasur, three in Khanewal, two in Okara and one in Sheikhupura when roofs of their houses collapsed. The deaths in Kasur were caused by electrocution.
In PoK, three soldiers and seven civilians were killed in landslides and flash floods which ravaged the mountainous region.
Several vehicles were washed away in the torrent. Rain in Lahore started on Wednesday afternoon and continued uninterrupted till yesterday. It inundated the entire city.
A peak of 467,000 cusecs passed through the Head Marala on the Chenab river in the night. The water level in the river is expected to rise further over the next 24 hours, threatening low-lying areas of Sialkot and Gujranwala regions, they said.
There are also chances of spillovers or breaches at vulnerable places and high to very high flood in nullahs of the Ravi and Chenab rivers in the Sialkot region, they said.

Modi-Sharif meeting on margins of UNGA unlikelybilateral relations
(While Prime Minister Modi…)
NEW DELHI: A meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in New York later this month is unlikely given the current state of bilateral relations .
According to sources, there was no proposal from either side to have such a meeting on the margins of the UNGA and as of now it was also unlikely that India would suggest such a parley.
Meanwhile, Sharif has sent a box of Pakistani mangoes to Modi, days after the two countries witnessed a war of words as India cancelled Foreign Secretary-level meeting last month after Pakistan went ahead with talks with the Kashmiri separatists despite India asking it to choose a "dialogue with India or talks with separatists".
Asked if mango diplomacy would change the mood between the two countries, long-time Indo-Pak observers said sending mangoes by Pakistani leaders has been a very old tradition and were even sent by Sharif to the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee after Kargil war in 1999.
While Prime Minister Modi will be in New York from September 26 to 29, Sharif is scheduled to be there from September 22 to 27. Though there is an overlapping of small period when both the leaders will be there, a meeting is unlikely given the frosty ties between the two countries.
Yesterday, Pakistan Foreign Ministry said it was not aware of any plans for a meeting between Modi and Sharif in New York. "As regards a meeting (Modi-Sharif) in New York, I am not aware of any such plan as yet," Foreign Office spokeswoman Tasnim Aslam had said in Islamabad.
According to sources, Sharif has also sent mangoes to President Pranab Mukherjee, Vice President Hamid Ansari and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Starbucks plans new store designs: upscale in Seattle  speedy in New YorkStarbucks Corp. Dining and Drinking McDonald's Howard D. Schultz
Starbucks Corp. on Friday announced two new types of stores aimed at capturing the growing demand for upscale reserve coffee and a separate test of an "express" store in Manhattan offering speedy service in a city where a "New York minute" is more like a nanosecond.
The moves from the world's biggest coffee chain come as it faces growing competition from high-end craft coffee sellers such as Stumptown Coffee Roasters, Blue Bottle Coffee and Intelligentsia, as well as from fast-food chains ranging from McDonald's to Dunkin Donuts to newcomer Chick-fil-A.
Starbucks said it plans to open a "first of its kind" 15,000-square-foot small-batch reserve roastery in the hipster Capitol Hill neighborhood of its Seattle home market in December.
The company will consolidate roasting of its reserve offerings, including Geisha and Jamaica Blue Mountain, in the facility, which will house a store, a tasting room and a cafe devoted to its reserve coffees.

Talks on India-Aus FTA may conclude by 2016:...Australia
(The talks for a comprehensive…)
NEW DELHI: Seeking to increase trade and investment with India, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott today expressed hope that negotiations for proposed free trade agreement between the countries will be concluded by 2016.
"Australia is open for business. Both India and Australia want to boost two-way trade and investment and I hope that the comprehensive economic partnership agreement negotiations between our two countries will be concluded, at the latest, by the end of 2016," Abbott said.
He was addressing Indian industry leaders at a luncheon meeting organised by industry chambers. He asked the Australian businesses to increase investments in India.
The talks for a comprehensive economic cooperation agreement ( CECA ) also known as free trade agreement ( FTA ) between India and Australia were started in 2011.
So far several rounds of negotiations have been completed for further liberalising and broadening the base of merchandise trade, removing non-tariff barriers and encouraging investments.
The two-way trade between Australia and India was only $ 15 billion (2012-13) and Indian investment in Australia is well under $20 billion, "and the less said about Australian investment in India the better," he said.
"Trade and investment is substantial but it's not what it should be given our countries' level of comfort with each other, our comparative proximity and the complementarity between our economies," he added.
On visa, the Australian Prime Minister said that his government is streamlining student and working visa arrangements to make it easier for Indians to study and to work in Australia.
Further Abbott said soon an Indian would start coal mining in Australia.
"If all goes to plan, next year, an Indian company will begin Australia's largest ever coal development which will light the lives of 100 million Indians for the next half century," he said.
Appreciating India's growth story, he said India would soon make its mark in the wider world.
"For most of the past three decades it's grown at more than 5 per cent a year and, in purchasing power terms, it's already the world's third largest economy. In short, India is the world's emerging democratic superpower ... We both need to be more ambitious," he said.
He said in India hundreds of millions of people are moving from poverty into the middle class; as successive governments have dismantled regulatory shackles and unleashed the flair and the drive that's so obvious in the Indian diaspora.
"I salute India's achievement. India has proven that economic transformation is quite compatible with robust free speech, independent courts, and democratic checks and balances on government," the Prime Minister said.
He said the purpose of this visit is to remind Australians that "never" neglect any of the emerging Asian great powers and to reassure Indians.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NR Murthy-backed Yebhi tweaks biz model for 4th timeSep 05, 2014, 04.48 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
NR Murthy-backed Yebhi tweaks biz model for 4th time
In what could signal the first signs of impending consolidation in the fast-growing but competitive ecommerce space, Yebhi.com has turned itself from an online retailer to a products aggregator.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NR Murthy-backed Yebhi tweaks biz model for 4th time
In what could signal the first signs of impending consolidation in the fast-growing but competitive ecommerce space, Yebhi.com has turned itself from an online retailer to a products aggregator.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
In what could signal the first signs of impending consolidation in the fast-growing but competitive ecommerce space, Yebhi.com has turned itself from an online retailer to a products aggregator.
This is the fourth time the website has tweaked its strategy: it started life as a website focused on footwear, then moved on to become a full-fledged inventory-led lifestyle store before adopting the marketplace model (where it would only list products of offline sellers).
The website, which has raised about Rs 150 crore from private-equity investors including Narayana Murthy’s Catamaran Ventures, had been struggling to keep pace as rivals as Myntra and Jabong raced ahead.
Under the new business model, customers can now browse through a catalog of products listed by other websites from where a visitor can select a product before proceeding to buy it from there.
The change was announced by Yebhi on its Facebook page.
The new business model will be much less capital intensive, CEO Danish Ahmed told the Hindu Business Line. He added that in the new avatar, Yebhi would target revenues of about USD 5-60 million.
Experts believe the online ecommerce industry will mature into one housing only a few mature players with deep cash while the rest will either drop out or be sold/merged.
Even as rivals raced ahead buying raising millions, or even billions (as in the case of homegrown Flipkart), of dollars, experts told the Business Line that a fund crunch that resulted in Yebhi’s failure to scale up was behind its failure as a marketplace.
Recently, the company was also hit with a top management exodus, with the co-founders leaving to start their own ventures while a number of board members as well as the chief business officer quitting recently, according to digital media tracking website MediaNama.
RELATED NEWS

Policy soon on building low-cost airportsPolicy soon on building low-cost airports
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
Having identified 50 non-metro cities and remote locations across the country for building low—cost airports, the Centre is shortly coming up with a policy on the matter in which state governments would have a major role to play.
The Civil Aviation Ministry would soon finalise names of the first five of these 50 no-frill airports to be taken up first, official sources said here today.
The policy, which is being given final shape by the Ministry, is likely to put the onus of providing land, water and electricity free of charge to these airports on state governments, which would also have to grant tax concessions or exemptions for these projects.
It comes in the wake of the BJP—led government’s announcements that these airports would be built on a private —public partnership (PPP) model to provide air connectivity to non—metro cities and those in remote areas.
Apart from the facilities to be granted by state governments to these airports, the government would grant concessions to airlines operating there, such as exemption from paying landing, parking, navigation, night parking and fuel throughput charges, among other things.
In June last year, the UPA—II government, while finalising infrastructure projects for 2013—14, had also decided to build low—cost airports at 51 cities and towns across the country.
Under the decision taken by the Manmohan Singh government, state—owned Airports Authority of India (AAI) was to have set up these airports at towns and cities spread across Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Jharkhand, Bihar, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, Rajasthan and Maharashtra.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Development of the nation needs to be made a peoples movement: PMStudents watching Prime minister Narendra Modi's speech on television at Riccob Bazar Government school in Khammam on Friday. Photo: GN Rao
Make teaching a people’s movement for nation-building
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
Lakhs of students today heard Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s much—talked about Teachers’ Day address and subsequent interaction through TV, radio and the Internet at over 3,000 schools in the national capital.
Students had turned out in large numbers at the government and private schools which had made elaborate arrangements to show the interaction live through TV, projectors and radio.
Minor glitches due to technical problems were reported at some schools.
Special arrangements were made by school authorities which included televisions, set—top box connections, projectors, screens, amplifiers and generator sets or inverters so that students could watch and listen to the Prime Minister without any interruption.
The programme started around 3 p.m. and Modi addressed the students for 30 minutes followed by a question—answer session.
The Directorate of Education (DoE) of Delhi government had directed all private as well as government schools to make arrangements for showing the Prime Minister’s address live.
After the programme, majority of students coming out of their schools expressed happiness on being able to listen to the Prime Minister. However, many of them rued that they could not ask any questions themselves.
“It was a great experience to be able to listen to the Prime Minister live on Teachers’ Day. I wanted to ask a question to him but I could not get a chance to do so,” said Akshat Sharma, a class IV student at a government school in Chandni Chowk area.
A number of students from some of the Delhi schools got the opportunity to ask question to the Prime Minister as they were part of the select group of students invited to the event.
The Prime Minister replied to a number of questions asked by students from various states through video conferencing, in the first-ever initiative.
In his address, the Prime Minister stressed on increasing the importance of teaching profession and suggested that all educated, including engineers and doctors, should take classes to make teaching a people’s movement necessary for nation—building.
He said the country is facing shortage of teachers and this needs to be changed so that India can “export” teachers.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Natco pharma s US partner files ANDA for EverolimusBS Reporter |  Hyderabad Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 08:49 PM IST
Natco's US partner files ANDA
Pharma major Natco today said its marketing partner in the US, Breckenridge Pharmaceutical, Inc.(BPI), has filed an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) for Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg tablets.
Natco and BPI believe that its Paragraph IV ANDA was filed on the First-to-File date and expects to be the only generic that is entitled to the 180-day exclusivity period, Natco said in a filing.
Novartis AG sells these tablets under the Zortress brand name in the US market. The drug is used to prevent organ rejection after a kidney or liver transplant. Zortress generated sales of $43.5 mn for the 12-month period ending July 2014.
 Advertisements

Sahara chief Subrata Roy seeks 10 more days from SC to sellpropertiesPrint
A very serious problem has cropped up in the last three days after a paper reported that Sultan of Brunei is buying the properties.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 5:47 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 6:29 pm
Sahara Chief Subrata Roy told the Supreme Court that almost finalised deals to sell his three luxury hotels in New York and London has hit a roadblock and is on the verge of collapse and sought ten days more time to sell the properties to raise Rs 10,000 crore to be deposited with SEBI to get bail.
Appearing before a bench headed by Justice T S Thakur, Roy’s counsel submitted that there have been huge protests outside the hotels after an International newspaper published story that Sultan of Brunei is buying the properties.
A very serious problem has cropped up in the last three days after the paper reported that Sultan of Brunei is buying the properties, he said.
Following this, there have been very violent protests outside the hotels and the buyers are “reconsidering the deal which is now on the verge of being scrapped,” senior advocate S Ganesh told the court.
He urged the court to grant Roy 10 days more time to hold negotiations to save the deal or to talk with 3-4 other buyers who are on line to buy the properties.
“It is very unfortunate incident and it is a setback for us. It is beyond our control,” he said asking the bench to consider his plea for extention of time on Monday.
The court said that it will take up his plea if it is possible for the special bench, hearing his case, to assemble on that day.
The apex court had on August 1 allowed Roy and two directors of his group to use the conference room in Tihar jail complex for 10 days from August 5 to hold negotiations with potential buyers. The time period was furhter extended for 15 days on August 14.

Nithari killer kept in high security MeerutjailPress Trust of India | Meerut | Posted: September 5, 2014 5:34 pm
Nithari serial killer Surendra Koli who is to be hanged here on September 12, has been placed in a high-security barrack in Meerut jail, prison authorities said.
Koli was placed in the high security barrack last night and two armed guards deployed outside his cell in order to avert any suicide attempt, Jail Superintendent S H M Rizvi said on Saturday.
Koli is a special category prisoner and he will also be kept under CCTV surveillance till a day before his hanging, he said.
Rizvi said that Koli ate the food served to him according to the prison manual and did not sleep last night, adding that
he is calm and showing normal behaviour.
So far, he has not intimated the authorities about his last wish. He has been reading religious texts since morning, the Jail Superintendent said.
Koli will be the 18th criminal to be hanged in the Meerut jail.
Rizvi said no one has been hanged during his tenure in the prison. Even for the hangman Pavan, it will be the first hanging of his career.
“I am not nervous and my hands will not tremble while hanging him. Being a hangman is my hereditary profession. Even my father and grandfather had hanged many criminals to death and I witnessed the hangings,” Pavan said.
Pavan said he will only feel satisfied once Koli is dead,adding that he inspected the ladder, rope and the plank yesterday in order to prepare for the hanging.
The hangman also said that his grandfather Kalu had hanged Indira Gandhi’s killers, Satwant Singh and Kehar Singh in 1989.
A warrant was issued on Wednesday by Ghaziabad’s Additional sessions Judge Atul Kumar Gupta in the name of 42-year-old Koli that he should be hanged to death after the convict exhausted all his legal remedies in this case.
Koli has been sentenced to death in connection with the killing of Rimpa Halder and in four other cases.
This will be the first execution of a death sentence convict under the new NDA government.
Koli was awarded death sentence by a lower court, which was upheld by the Allahabad High Court and confirmed by the Supreme Court on February 15, 2011 for the murder of Rimpa Halder in 2005.
Holding that Koli “appears to be the serial killer”, the court had said “No mercy can be shown to him.”
A total of 16 cases were registered against Koli. His employer Moninder Singh Pandher, who was also sentenced to death in Rimpa Halder case, was acquitted by the Allahabad High Court.
Out of 16 cases filed against Koli, he has been awarded death sentence in five of them so far and others are still under trial.

Narendra Modis top ten lessons for school children on TeachersDayPM Modi's live speech on Teachers' Day
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 5:31 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 6:30 pm
To mark the Teachers’ Day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed school children from across the country via a satellite link. Here are the ten lessons that Modi taught the children.
1. Keep the child alive in you
2. Politics is a service. One who is in politics should serve people like his or her family member
3. If a girl is educated, the entire family is educated
4. A teacher’s job is to discover the hidden talent of a student
5. One should dream about doing something, not becoming someone
6. I am a taskmaster
7. While experience has been my best teacher, I also believe that good teachers and education were also equally important in building up my life
8. You should read about lives of people who have been successful in life
9. I am focussing on Digital India so modern technology reaches our children and in different languages
10. Serving the nation does not only mean doing grand things. Doing small things is a big service to the nation

Narendra Modi s top ten lessons for school children on Teachers  DayPM Modi's live speech on Teachers' Day
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 5:31 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 6:30 pm
To mark the Teachers’ Day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed school children from across the country via a satellite link. Here are the ten lessons that Modi taught the children.
1. Keep the child alive in you
2. Politics is a service. One who is in politics should serve people like his or her family member
3. If a girl is educated, the entire family is educated
4. A teacher’s job is to discover the hidden talent of a student
5. One should dream about doing something, not becoming someone
6. I am a taskmaster
7. While experience has been my best teacher, I also believe that good teachers and education were also equally important in building up my life
8. You should read about lives of people who have been successful in life
9. I am focussing on Digital India so modern technology reaches our children and in different languages
10. Serving the nation does not only mean doing grand things. Doing small things is a big service to the nation

Futures dip before payrolls; on track for weekly fallWall Street ends lower as Apple falls, bond yields rise
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. The Home Depot
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday as Apple  shares declined and as bond yields hit their highest in a month on concerns the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates sooner than some investors had expected.
All 10 S&P 500 sectors ended lower. Apple shares, which jumped as much as 4.8 percent earlier in the session after the company unveiled a smartwatch, ended down 0.4 percent at $97.99. Apple also announced two larger iPhones.
Benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note yields rose to 2.5 percent.
Apart from geopolitical concerns, investors are becoming increasingly worried about the global economy, and especially Europe, weakening again. ( Gail MarksJarvis )
Sectors with high-dividend paying stocks including utilities were among the day's weakest. The utilities sector <.SPLRCU> and telecommunications <.SPLRCL> each fell 1.2 percent.
Improving U.S. economic conditions may force the Federal Reserve "to tighten sooner rather than later," said Doug Cote, chief market strategist with Voya Investment Management in New York.
"Rising rates are an immediate discount for financial assets, including equities," he said.
8
Shares of Home Depot  fell 2.1 percent, a day after the company confirmed its payment security system had been breached.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> declined 97.55 points or 0.57 percent, to 17,013.87, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 13.1 points or 0.65 percent, to 1,988.44 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 40.00 points or 0.87 percent, to 4,552.29.
About 5.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 5.5 billion average for the last five days, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
The Fed supposedly owns 1/4 of ALL stocks. Anybody who still thinks investing in the stock market, and the dollar is getting stronger, is an idiot.
Jackie Puppet
90
In the options market, Apple options volume rose to a record daily volume of 2.97 million contracts traded, according to Henry Schwartz, president of options analytics firm Trade Alert. Contract volume was about three times normal and calls led puts by a ratio of 2.1:1, according to Trade Alert data.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Pulse Electronics , which was rising 53.47 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was Usec , down 18.05 percent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Brazil's Petrobras , down 2.83 percent to $17.83 and Pfizer , down 0.58 percent at $29.23.
Besides Apple, Yahoo , down 2.5 percent at $40.78, and Microsoft , up 0.6 percent to $46.76 were among the most actively traded on Nasdaq.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,338 to 698, for a 3.35-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,046 issues were falling and 637 advancing for a 3.21-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The broad S&P 500 index was posting 17 new 52-week highs and five new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 56 new highs and 58 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; Editing by Nick Zieminski, Chris Reese and Meredith Mazzilli)

Reliance s VC arm  Microsoft join hands to support Indian start-upsBS Reporters |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:54 PM IST
Microsoft, RIL  initiative for start-ups
First start-up hub will start operations in Oct in Mumbai, and will be subsequently emulated across multiple cities in India
GenNext Ventures, the venture investment management arm of Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), and Microsoft Ventures have signed a three-year partnership to set up GenNext Innovation Hubs, an initiative to ease the country’s start-up ecosystem.
A memorandum of understanding was signed by GenNext Ventures chairman and RIL board member R A Mashelkar and Microsoft India Chairman Bhaskar Pramanik.
The first hub will start operations next month at Navi Mumbai.
GenNext Innovation Hubs aim to bring together academia, students, entrepreneurs, investors and companies and offer resources.
"While several initiatives are on to help start-ups, what is lacking is a national platform that seamlessly brings together all stakeholders and also provides the resources Indian start-ups need to be successful. That’s what we are aiming at through GenNext Innovation Hubs," said Mashelkar.
Microsoft Ventures will help GenNext identify and shortlist promising start-upss. Microsoft Ventures will also provide these start-ups access to software and technology advice. At the end of this cycle, GenNext will invest strategically and selectively in some of these IT start-ups.
At Bangalore, Microsoft Ventures has three units--accelerators, community and fund. Accelerators offer programmes aimed at bringing down the launch programmes for start-ups, community is where Microsoft team mingles with the entrepreneurial community in the region providing technical support and sponsorship. Fund unit provides entrepreneur-friendly investments to early-stage companies.
The Innovation Hub in Mumbai will provide the opportunity to a select group of entrepreneurs to launch or re-engineer their company through a four-month-long programme. The programme schedule would include: workshops for entrepreneurs, mentor meetings, access to customers and investors and weekly business reviews.
The venture has around 25 mentors associated with it including: Vijay Bhatkar (Scientist and architect of India's first supercomputer); Prof Ashwin Gumaste (IIT Bombay) and Sasha Mirchandani (Managing Partner of Kae Capital and Co-founder Mumbai Angels) among others.
 Advertisements

RIL s GenNext Ventures  MS set up innovation...RIL's GenNext Ventures, Microsoft to launch 10 startups soon
ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 04.49AM IST
Tags:
Bhaskar Pramanik
("The first hub will start…)
MUMBAI: The venture capital arm of Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) has tied up with Microsoft to launch a startup accelerator, which kicks off its first batch next month. GenNext Ventures and Microsoft Ventures have signed a three-year partnership that will look to mentor and offer technical advice to startups in the programme.
"The entire issue is about knowledge getting monetised. The challenge with these innovators is that they understand the knowledge part of it but don't know how to monetise it," said RA Mashelkar, chairman of GenNext and board member of RIL.
ET reported earlier this week that RIL and Microsoft will join hands to mentor startups from India.
The accelerator, known as the GenNext Innovation Hub, will have around 10 startups in the first batch which is open for new applications until September 25. The first hub will be based in Navi Mumbai in a "plug and play area" of 12,000 square feet, and the two firms will open additional hubs across the country in the future.
The accelerator will not make any initial investment or pick up stakes in shortlisted startups, unlike international accelerators such as Y Combinator. Decisions on investment will be taken after the programme, which will take place twice a year over a fourmonth stretch each, is over. "Reliance Industries believes in developing market and so do we. Therefore this venture. There is no profit intent in this," said Microsoft India chairman Bhaskar Pramanik .
Big data, education, healthcare, digital media, mobility and machine-to-machine startups will be the focus area for the accelerator. GenNext Innovation Hub has an advisory team of 20-25 members that include noted computer scientist Vijay Bhatkar, IIT Bombay's Ashwin Gumaste and venture capital investors such as Kae Capital's Sasha Mirchandani and Aavishkaar's Vineet Rai.
RIL's move to open an accelerator comes as India's startup boom has given rise to a number of accelerators such as Gurgaon-based GSF Accelerator, Venture Nursery in Mumbai, Kyron Accelerator and The Startup Centre in Chennai. Multinational corporations such as Target, Coca-Cola and Pitney Bowes have also launched accelerator programmes in India.
International accelerators such as 500 Startups and even Y Combinator are also seeing increasing interest from Indian startups looking at a global exposure. But some have also been rethinking the accelerator model in India. Morpheus, India's first accelerator, decided to stop accepting applications earlier this year.
"A high-quality entrepreneur today does not want to go to an accelerator. This is because he can do a lot of self learning. Besides, advice and money are now easily available," said Sameer Guglani, co-founder of Morpheus Gang, which backed startups such as realty classifieds firm Commonfloor and social platform for coders HackerRank.
Venture Nursery, an accelerator based in Mumbai, has been focusing on smaller batches of two startups unlike the more typical dozen-strong startup batches. "A copy of international models does not work in India," said Apoorv Sharma of Venture Nursery.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lego Movie pushes toymakers sales upUpdated: September 5, 2014 18:13 IST
Movie boosts sales
Lego Movie pushes toymaker’s sales up
AP
AP This image released by Warner Bros. Pictures shows characters Emmet and Batman in a scene from "The Lego Movie"
TOPICS
Danish toy maker Lego says revenue soared 11 percent in the first six months of 2014, mostly because of the success of the “Lego Movie.”
The privately owned company’s chief financial officer said on Thursday they were thrilled by the success.
John Goodwin said, “Lego Movie products provided a significant boost to our sales during the first half of 2014.”
Lego Movie products provided a significant boost to our sales during the first half of 2014.
He said that support could continue in the second half of the year, when Lego Movie will be launched on DVD.
Net profit in the period was up 14 percent compared with the first half of 2013, at 2.7 billion kroner ($480 million), on sales of 11.5 billion kroner.
Lego, which is not publicly listed, releases only half-year figures.

Rocket Internet to merge Jabong with 4 global e-comm firmsSep 05, 2014, 06.06 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Rocket Internet to merge Jabong with 4 global e-comm firms
New entity -- to be called Global Fashion Group (GFG) -- will combine five fashion e-commerce businesses, namely Dafiti, Jabong, Lamoda, Namshi and Zalora.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rocket Internet to merge Jabong with 4 global e-comm firms
New entity -- to be called Global Fashion Group (GFG) -- will combine five fashion e-commerce businesses, namely Dafiti, Jabong, Lamoda, Namshi and Zalora.
Post your opinion here
 
Investment AB Kinnevik and Rocket Internet AG, investors in Jabong, will merge the Indian online fashion retailer with four other firms to create a new global fashion e-commerce group.
The new entity -- to be called Global Fashion Group (GFG) -- will combine five fashion e-commerce businesses, namely Dafiti (Latin America), Jabong (India), Lamoda (Russia & CIS), Namshi (Middle East) and Zalora (South East Asia & Australia).
The deal is expected to close later in the year. GFG will focus on growth markets, covering 23 countries with a euro 330 billion fashion market and population of over
2.5 billion people.
"GFG will market a wide assortment of leading International apparel and accessories brands, a tailored selection of highly engaging internally developed brands and local assortments developed for specific ethnic markets notably in India, Indonesia and the Middle East," a statement said.
The combination will deliver economies of scale in sourcing international brands and marketing with global media channels, strengthen private label efforts, enhance ability to attract and retain top talent and accelerate development of technology platforms, it added.
In India, fashion is one of the largest and fiercely contested categories in the e-commerce space. According to reports, the category is expected to see 400 percent growth from USD 559 million to USD 2.81 billion by 2016.
The five e-commerce companies have attracted funding in excess of EUR 1 billion from Kinnevik, Access Industries, Summit Partners among others.
After the merger, all direct and indirect shareholders in the five existing e-commerce companies will contribute their shares into a newly formed Luxembourg-based entity.
The three largest shareholders in GFG will be Kinnevik, Rocket and Access Industries, with 25.1 percent, 23.5 percent and 7.4 percent ownership interests, respectively.
The board of directors will include Lorenzo Grabau, CEO of Kinnevik as Chairman, Oliver Samwer, CEO of Rocket as Deputy Chairman and representatives of the other largest shareholders.
"By operating as a single entity, Dafiti, Jabong, Lamoda, Namshi and Zalora will be even more effective in expanding their leadership positions in their respective marketplaces,"
Grabau said.
GFG will maintain multiple business models including full inventory, branded shops and marketplaces tailored to the opportunities within the local markets.
"In addition, GFG will continue to explore development of adjacent categories like personal care. Mobile commerce will remain a core focus for GFG through the continued development of mobile applications aimed at the growing smartphone user base in its territories," it said.
As of June 30, 2014, GFG had 4.6 million active customers and over 7,000 employees. In January-June 2014, GFG websites had 353 million unique visitors, received 8.4 million orders and generated EUR 436 million of Gross Merchandise Volume. In 2013, GFG IFRS revenues amounted to EUR 406 million.
RELATED NEWS

GenNext Ventures  Microsoft to set up Innovation HubsSep 05, 2014, 07.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GenNext Ventures, Microsoft to set up Innovation Hubs
The first hub will start operations in October in Mumbai, and will be subsequently emulated across multiple cities in India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GenNext Ventures, Microsoft to set up Innovation Hubs
The first hub will start operations in October in Mumbai, and will be subsequently emulated across multiple cities in India.
Post your opinion here
 
GenNext Ventures, the venture investment management arm of Reliance Industries  (RIL), Friday signed a three-year partnership with Microsoft India, through Microsoft Ventures, to set up GenNext Innovation Hubs -- a pan-India initiative to catalyze the country’s technology start-up ecosystem.
The memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed between Dr R A Mashelkar, Chairman, GenNext Ventures and Board Member, RIL, and Bhaskar Pramanik, Chairman, Microsoft India.
The first hub will start operations in October in Mumbai, and will be subsequently emulated across multiple cities in India.
The MoU allows GenNext Ventures and Microsoft Ventures to bring together key stakeholders — academia, students, entrepreneurs, investors, and corporates -- at the GenNext Innovation Hubs and offer some of the most critical resources that start-ups need to be successful.
Microsoft Ventures will help GenNext identify, shortlist, on-board promising start-ups and power the accelerator program. Microsoft Ventures will also provide these start-ups access to software and technology advice. At the end of the accelerator program cycle, GenNext will invest strategically and selectively in some of these IT start-ups.
Announcing the partnership, Dr Mashelkar said: “Technology start-ups, which are a key source of innovation in India, are at an inflexion point today. While the numbers have grown exponentially year on year, the industry is at a nascent stage. While several initiatives are underway to help startups, what is lacking is a national platform that seamlessly brings together all stakeholders and also provides the resources Indian startups need to be successful. That’s what we are aiming to do through GenNext Innovation Hubs, in our partnership with Microsoft Ventures.”
Bhaskar Pramanik, Chairman, Microsoft India, said: “The emerging trends in India’s technology start-up space are fascinating--both in numbers and in diversity of ideas. At Microsoft, we have had a long-standing commitment to innovation, not just within but also in the IT ecosystems of markets we operate in. Microsoft Ventures is leading that for us in India. With this partnership, startups in India will have access to GenNext Ventures’ deep industry experience and Microsoft Ventures’ knowledge and IT industry network and strength.”
"The GenNext accelerator is all about getting start-ups or entrepreneurs with some great ideas and we are really focusing on four primary areas for the GenNext hub in Navi Mumbai, one is around Big Data, second is around healthcare, education and also around digital media and retail," he added.
The GenNext Innovation Hub at Mumbai will provide the opportunity to a select group of entrepreneurs to launch or re-engineer their company through an immersive, four-month-long program. Start-ups in the program will have access to business mentors, technical and design experts and “plug and play” office space. They will also have access to mentors who can help them gain valuable market insights for Indian and global markets.
Disclosure: Network 18, which publishes moneycontrol.com, is now part of the Reliance Group.
Reliance stock price
On September 10, 2014, at  15:30 hrs Reliance Industries was quoting at Rs 1016.00, down Rs 17.3, or 1.67 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1142.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 794.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 68.89 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 14.75. The latest book value of the company is Rs 609.34 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.67.
RELATED NEWS

Verdict on coal blocks to setback development: CARELike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Verdict on coal blocks to setback development: CARE
CARE Ratings has come out with its report on coal blocks.  A balanced view is called for by the industry on this matter, and taking inputs from various stakeholders would be a better approach to tackling the issue
Post your opinion here
 
CARE Ratings has come out with its report on recent development in coal blocks case.
Monday’s ruling by the Apex Court declaring allocation of about 200 coal blocks in India since 1993 as illegal lends turbulence to the coal sector in the short-term, but may be positive for the healthy development of the sector in the long-term. As the Hon’ble Supreme Court stopped short of de-allocating these blocks, the series of hearings starting next week shall bring out the likely consequences for the coal sector. A blanket de-allocation shall be a big setback to the development of the coal sector which is already grappling with problems of transparency, inadequate and irregular supply, coal grading issues and land acquisition etc. The companies in the private sector, deriving direct operational benefits of these allocated coal blocks for power generation and manufacturing goods, are expected to be impacted the most. Coal blocks have also been allocated during the period for projects which are yet to come up. In such cases, the viability of these projects may be affected in case of any unfavorable ruling next week.
India is still dependent on coal as a primary fuel source with about 60% of power generating capacity in the country dependent on coal. De-allocation, although not favored, would in general have unfavourable consequences for Asia’s third largest economy which is embarking on a path of economic recovery. The move may lead to coal shortages at cement, metal and power plants and other power intensive manufacturing units. Disputed coal blocks account for almost a tenth of the annual coal output in the country. During the period of disruption of supplies, the coal consumers may have to resort to imports to meet this shortfall in the short to medium term. An unwarranted spike in the price of coal due to the ensuing demand-supply mismatch would hurt the industry’s operating margins and may trigger inflationary trends in the economy. International coal traders are already delaying supply contract renewals, awaiting the Supreme Court verdict on the issue, seeking better pricing terms.
A balanced view is called for by the industry on this matter, and taking inputs from various stakeholders would be a better approach to tackling the issue. The irregularities, as cited by the Apex Court, needs to be regularized in a smooth manner, keeping in mind the overall development of the coal sector and the impact on the industry. Also policy and framework needs to be put in place for future awarding of the blocks. Being a natural resource which is explored at public cost, auctioning system is best suited for awarding coal blocks for commercial exploitation. The sector calls for stable and consistent policies for short-term and long-term which will attract investments for the efficient development of this crucial sector and benefit the nation as well as the consumers.
RELATED NEWS

Auto- Passenger segment strong; CVs continue to lagLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Auto- Passenger segment strong; CVs continue to lag
Angel Broking has come out with its report on auto sector. The research firm prefers two-wheeler stocks (Hero Motocorp, Bajaj Auto and TVS Motors) due to continued demand improvement in both the domestic as well as export markets.
Post your opinion here
 
Angel Broking`s research report on auto sector
Strong momentum continues in passenger space; CVs subdued: The passenger vehicle (PV) segment and two wheelers (2Ws) maintained their strong growth momentum, reporting a double digit volume growth during August 2014. An improvement in the economic scenario and positive consumer sentiments post elections boosted volumes during the month. Commercial vehicles (CVs) on the other hand continued to remain under pressure, reporting a double-digit decline. We expect CVs to remain flattish in FY2015. Improvement in CV volumes usually comes with a lag to the improvement in the economy; we expect a full-fledged recovery in the segment only in FY2016.
PV segment grows in double digits: The PV segment (comprising of six large players) grew by a robust 22.2% yoy during the month. This is the third consecutive month of double digit growth. Maruti Suzuki and Hyundai India led the growth reporting 29% and 19% yoy growth, respectively, during the month. 2W segment maintains strong growth: 2Ws continued their strong run, reporting a healthy growth of 21.8% yoy. The growth was led by TVS Motors, Honda Motorcycles and Scooters India (HMSI) and Hero Motocorp, all of which posted double-digit growth. Bajaj Auto continued to lag, reporting a flattish growth of 2.1% yoy.
CVs remain under pressure dragged by LCVs: The CV segment continued to decline, reporting a 12.7% drop in August 2014. While the medium and heavy commercial vehicle (MHCV) segment recovered, reporting a 14% yoy growth (on a low base), the light commercial vehicle (LCV) segment dipped by 22.2% yoy, dragging overall CV segment sales. Tata Motors (TTMT) reported a 23.3% yoy decline, while sales of Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) and Eicher Motors declined by 4.3% and 5.6% respectively. In contrast, Ashok Leyland outperformed, reporting a yoy growth of 16.7%.
Tractor segment subdued; 3Ws strong: The tractor segment declined marginally (6% yoy) on back of deficient rainfall. The three-wheeler (3W) segment reported a robust growth (48% yoy) driven by new permits in the domestic market and strong traction in exports.
Outlook
Consumer sentiments have improved considerably given the policy reforms by the new government and consequent improvement in the economy. Sales in the passenger segment (passenger cars and 2W) have surged in double digits over the last few months and we expect continued improvement going forward. The CV space continued to remain sluggish due to a decline in the LCV segment although the MHCV segment has shown recovery in the last two months. We expect the CV space to remain under pressure in the near term and expect it to recover only in FY2016.
Amongst our universe, we prefer two-wheeler stocks (Hero Motocorp, Bajaj Auto and TVS Motors) due to continued demand improvement in both the domestic as well as export markets. We also like Maruti Suzuki and Ashok Leyland given the sharp recovery in the passenger vehicle and MHCV space. In the mid cap space, we prefer Escorts (on back of pick up in tractor demand post improvement in rainfall and recovery in the loss making construction equipment segment).
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Dollar-rupee futures gains 4 paise to trade at 60.72Dollar-rupee futures gains 4 paise to trade at 60.72
Selling pressure to pull down gold furtherSelling pressure to pull down gold further
TechM gains on mutual pact with BombardierTechM gains on mutual pact with Bombardier
Wipro secures IT services contract from Philip MorrisWipro secures IT services contract from Philip Morris
Den Networks jumps on JV with Jasper InfotechDen Networks jumps on JV with Jasper Infotech
L&T jumps on turnkey order worth Rs 51 bnL&T jumps on turnkey order worth Rs 51 bn
Infosys bags BP contractInfosys bags BP contract
Sagar Cements announces exit from JVSagar Cements announces exit from JV
Nato states to form coalition to fight IsisLast updated: September 5, 2014 1:56 pm
Obama leads coalition in fight against Isis
By Sam Jones in Newport
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f4e5522-34e6-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Going Out Guide staffJason Samenow is The Washington Post’s Weather Editor. Find him on Google+ .
Latest by  Jason Samenow
Camden Walker named CWG’s Engagement Lead
Jason Samenow
Camden is taking on the role as our Engagement Lead to solidify his position as our social guru and to spearhead new initiatives to expand our reach.
Carbon dioxide sees biggest annual spike on record as researchers gain insight on warming slowdown
Jason Samenow
Atmospheric levels of carbon dioxide had their biggest year-to-year increase. New studies show why temperatures aren’t keeping pace recently.

RIP STAN GOLDBERG: Hall of Fame artist (Marvel  Archie) was great cartoonist and great friend(Archie Comics/DC)
 
HOW MUCH MORE can you say of a man, really, than the testament that he was abundantly generous as both a professional talent and a personal friend?
Ask those who knew Stan Goldberg well, and they will tell you that whether he was at the drawing table or the dinner table, he was just a pleasure to be around, and converse with, and know.
He became a part of comics history as a colorist at the dawning of the Marvel Universe. He was a longtime Archie Comics artist, and also drew memorable romance books. With him, both the ink and the conversation flowed naturally with flair.
STAN GOLDBERG      (courtesy of the NCS)
“Stan Goldberg was a joy both to work with, and to have as a friend,” Stan Lee, the legendary Marvel editor, tells The Post’s Comic Riffs.
“He started as a colorist at Marvel until I discovered what a terrific cartoonist he was,” Lee continues. “He drew My Friend Irma, Millie the Model and many other terrific humor books for us — until Archie Comics swiped him away after I was no longer editing the books and he became their top Archie artist.”
“Stan Goldberg’s wonderful work with Stan Lee on Millie the Model and other romance/teen comics set the stage for the breezy feel of the Marvel Age,” longtime Marvel writer and editor Danny Fingeroth tells Comic Riffs. “And, of course, his powerful coloring on the early Marvel superhero comics helped define the look and feel that led to Marvel’s early successes.”
Many Marvel fans know which creators were behind the iconic Universe that arose beginning in the ‘60s – but fewer know just how crucial Goldberg’s role was.
“While he may not be as well-known to the masses as Stan Lee or Jack Kirby, Stan Goldberg — or ‘Stan G.,’ as he was inevitably credited — was likewise one of the pioneers of the Marvel renaissance,” veteran Marvel editor Tom Brevoort tells Comic Riffs. “As Marvel’s one-man coloring department, it was he who determined that the Thing would be orange, that Spider-Man would be red and blue-black, and that Iron Man would be red and gold.”
Like Stan Lee, Mr. Goldberg began at Timely Comics – Marvel’s predecessor – as a teenager. In Goldberg’s case, it was 1949, and he was just 16; within a couple of years, he was the color department manager. He would color countless pages at Timely/Atlas until he left after nearly a decade there to go freelance – having honed his gifts as an artist.
“Stan G. was a talented and facile cartoonist, specializing in teen humor books, whether for Marvel — Millie the Model, Patsy Walker — or at Archie, where he was a mainstay of their bullpen for decades,” says Brevoort, who will be a guest this weekend at Baltimore Comic-Con.
Fingeroth notes that Mr. Goldberg’s long career at Archie “constitutes an incredible body of work.”
“Watching him draw– he made it look so easy!” says Batton Lash, the Eisner-winning cartoonist and creator of the comic Supernatural Law. “Stan’s cartooning alone would have earned him a secure spot in pop culture — among the thousands of comic-book pages he drew, Stan illustrated the milestone six-part ‘Archie Gets Married’ storyline — but comics history will always recognize him as the accomplished colorist for the fledging Marvel Comics Group.”
And when Archie Comics and Marvel Comics did crossovers, who better to get the call than Mr. Goldberg?
“I had the distinct pleasure of working with Stan Goldberg on the 1994 Marvel/Archie crossover, Archie Meets The Punisher, and Archie Comics’ 1995’s ‘House of Riverdale’ miniseries,”Lash says. “And if ‘Stan G.’ drawing my scripts wasn’t enough of a treat, getting to know Stan Goldberg was icing on the cake.”
Lash remembers his initial meeting with Mr. Goldberg: “My first impression was that he was quite the distinguished gentleman: dapper, friendly, witty and a raconteur.”
“I had the pleasure of sitting with Stan and his family at the Reuben Awards this year,” Joe Wos, director of the ToonSeum: Pittsburgh Museum of Cartoon Art, tells Comic Riffs. “I talked with him about the awards, [the] future of cartooning and his work.”
The Reuben Awards are presented by the National Cartoonists Society, which in 2012 gave Mr. Goldberg its Gold Key Award as he was inducted into the group’s Hall of Fame . He also received Comic-Con International’s Inkpot Award, in 1994.
However, “What stood out to me was, he spoke with such love for his fans,” Wos says. “He was so grateful. He was a gracious talent with no ego.”
“I am grateful for the decades of brilliant work he left behind, and lament the loss of great work he still had yet to create.”
Mr. Goldberg, who was born in 1932 in New York, cartooned throughout his life. He parodied Archie in Bongo Comics in recent years, and reportedly will have a Spider-Man collaboration appear in next month’s “Marvel 75th Anniversary Special.”
Mr. Goldberg died Sunday at Calvary Hospital in the Bronx, two weeks after he suffered a stroke, say family and friends. He was 82.
He is survived by Pauline, his wife of 53 years; two sons; and four grandchildren. The Goldbergs had a daughter, who was murdered in 1984, at age 19.
Those close to Mr. Goldberg speak of a man who was warm, and charming, and kind.
“Stan was always generous with his time and memories for various projects and events of mine, and was always genuinely concerned about how things were going for me,” Fingeroth says. “He was one of the good guys, and will be greatly missed.”
“The world of comics lost one of its very important contributors,” Lash says, “and, to everyone fortunate enough to know Stan Goldberg, a dear friend.”
Stan Lee calls Mr. Goldberg “a great cartoonist” and “a great friend.”
“I’ll never forget the long walks we used to take in New York during lunch hour, while we discussed and joked about everything under the sun,” Lee recalls to Comic Riffs. “He had a great sense of humor, and was fun to be with and to work with.
“If ever anyone qualified for the description ‘Nice guy,’ it was that truly talented nice guy, Stan Goldberg.”
 
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=entertainment, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409800902/1409800902000/1409800902 tracking: {authors=Michael Cavna, blog_name=comic-riffs, content_category=Entertainment, in_url_headline=rip-stan-goldberg-hall-of-fame-artist-marvel-archie-was-great-cartoonist-and-great-friend, post_id=2280, section={section=entertainment, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 3:21:42 AM close date: Sep 18, 2014 3:21:42 AM

Shriram Group Says Interested in Securing Small Bank LicenceYou are here: Home Corporates
Shriram Group Says Interested in Securing Small Bank Licence
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 04, 2014 17:12 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
Mumbai:
Chennai-based Shriram Group, which failed to secure a banking licence in the recent round of licencing, has not given up the hope and is now looking at applying for a small bank licence.
The Reserve Bank had in July issued the draft guidelines for licencing of small banks and payment banks.
"The draft guidelines for small banks have been issued and we have given our suggestions and asked for some clarifications.
"Once the RBI comes out with the final guidelines and if we know that there is an opportunity for us then we will definitely apply for it," Shriram Group director G S Sundarajan told PTI.
He said that the group wants to get into banking space as it would fill up the gap it has in terms of our product offerings.
In the last round of banking licencing, as many as 25 corporates, including Aditya Birla Nuvo, Bajaj Finserv, Reliance Capital, LIC Housing Finance, L&T Finance and Shriram Capital, among others had applied.
The RBI, however, gave in-principle approval only to infrastructure financing firm IDFC and micro-lender Bandhan.
Mr Sundarajan said his group will apply for a small bank licence only if the regulations do not affect its existing businesses.
"If we have to convert our existing NBFCs (Non-banking financial company) into the bank then we may not be interested... we will remain an NBFC only," he said.
In the previous round of granting banking licence, Shriram Capital had showed its discomfort over the regulation which insisted on merging of Shriram Transport Finance Corporation and Shriram City Union into the bank if a licence were to be issued.
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 17:04 (IST)

Investment Will be in Jeopardy if Coal Blocks deallocated: Naven JindalApple Unveils the Watch, Larger iPhones at Star-Studded Event
New Delhi:
Jindal Steel and Power Chairman Naveen Jindal today said that about Rs 4 lakh crore investment made to develop coal mines would be in jeopardy if the blocks be deallocated.
"The total investment that has gone to develop these blocks is around 4 lakh crore rupees out of which 2.5 lakh crore is the bank loan," Mr Jindal said at a summit on Mining and Metal here.
Mr Jindal was reacting to a question on Supreme Court's recent observation terming all coal mines allocated between 1993 and 2010 as "illegal".
Supporting previous governments' mine allocation policy, he said India is the only country in the world which seeks not only royalty, but also an assurance for using the produce in their end-use projects. In other countries, the government, being the owner of the mines, charge only royalty.
"If we term the government's coal allocation policy as faulty and illegal, then the effort put in by the investors to revive the discarded mines of Coal India, the entire Rs 4 lakh crore investment would be in jeopardy," he said.
The Supreme Court had on August 25 held that allocation of 218 blocks in pre-auction era were done in an illegal manner by an "ad-hoc and casual" approach "without application of mind" and "common good and public interest have, thus, suffered heavily" due to lack of fair and transparent procedure resulting in "unfair distribution" of the "national wealth".
Highlighting the challenges faced by companies seeking to invest in setting up steel plants, he said though India used to produce more than China at one point, China's production has now gone up by 10 times that of India's
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 18:51 (IST)

America May Have the Worst Hunger Problem of Any Rich NationNew York City residents at the Xavier Mission food pantry.
Photo by Emmanuel Dunand/AFP/Getty Images
During the recession, the number of Americans threatened by hunger skyrocketed. But during the recovery, as the U.S. Department of Agriculture reported yesterday , the number has barely fallen. All told, the government finds that more than 14 percent of households are considered “food insecure,” meaning they at least have difficulty affording meals, and in extreme cases may go without eating.
To understand just how embarrassing America’s hunger problem is, it helps to put it in a global context. Unfortunately, according to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, “there are no internationally comparable statistics on food insecurity that are as detailed as those of the United States.” However, there are some useful numbers available, thanks to the researchers at Pew and Gallup who have polled citizens across the developed world about whether they can afford enough food for their families. According to Gallup’s findings, cited by the OECD, Americans are far more likely to say they were unable to pay for food than citizens of other rich countries. In 2011 and 2012, 21 percent of U.S. citizens reported food trouble, versus 8 percent of British survey takers, 6 percent of Swedes, and 5 percent of Germans. Estonia and Hungary had bigger problems with food affordability than the U.S., but both are relatively poor among developed nations.
Data Courtesy of the OECD
Advertisement
The U.S. fared somewhat better by comparison in Pew's polling. In its 2013 results , 24 percent of Americans said they had difficulty affording food during the past year, only slightly worse than France (20 percent), on par with Greece (24 percent), and a little better than South Korea (26 percent). But countries like Britain, Australia, Canada, and Germany all performed much better. ( Click here for an interactive version of the chart below.)
Pew Research Center
In an ideal world, we'd have more detailed statistics for each country, similar to what the USDA produces. Nonetheless, Pew and Gallup's findings suggest that the U.S. could have one of the worst hunger problems in the developed world—and among rich countries, we might have the worst of all.
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

Wall Street vice: the vice-chairman© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32ae9ace-3414-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coal unions serve work to rule noticeUpdated: September 4, 2014 23:54 IST
Coal unions serve work to rule notice
Special Correspondent
strike
Coal production is set for disruptions between September 18 and 20, following a work-to-rule notice served by five central trade unions. They have submitted a 54-point charter of demands.
The participating unions are affiliated to the Indian National Trade Union Congress, the Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh, All India Trade Union Congress, the Hind Mazdoor Sangh , and the Centre of Indian Trade Unions.
The TUs said that while coal blocks allotted to private parties would have to be returned to Coal India, they were also against any further divestment in CIL. It was also opposed to any proposal to recast CIL. The unions said that they would meet in Ranchi on September 21 to review the response and status of demands to decide the next course of action.

Draghi launches his counter attackSeptember 4, 2014 7:50 pm
Draghi launches his counter attack
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/14727158-3427-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Draghi pins hopes on orphan child planSeptember 4, 2014 8:28 pm
Draghi pins hopes on ‘orphan child’ plan
By Claire Jones in Frankfurt and Christopher Thompson in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/148faa2e-3450-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

German banks dismiss ECB rates moveSeptember 4, 2014 8:37 pm
German banks dismiss surprise ECB interest rates move
By Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/925c584e-3450-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US negligence ruling catches BP off guardSeptember 4, 2014 7:27 pm
Judge’s negligence ruling catches BP investors off guard
By Ed Crooks in New York and Guy Chazan in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/acc48e74-3449-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Qatari lender QNB buys 12% of EcobankSeptember 5, 2014 12:07 am
Qatari lender QNB buys 12% of Ecobank
By William Wallis in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c6ed9012-344d-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Joan Rivers dies in New York hospitalSeptember 5, 2014 12:07 am
Comedienne Joan Rivers dies in New York hospital
By Anna Nicolaou
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a9653ce-3479-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yen hits six year low as US dollar strengthensAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

BJD MP Hemendra Chandra Singh passes awayJ&K: Three terrorists killed in an encounter with Army along the LoC 6 hours 35 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Al-Qaeda wants to portray Indian PM Narendra Modi as enemy of Islam  says US counter-terror expertUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Washington: Al-Qaeda, which has announced the creation of a separate wing for India, wants to portray Prime Minister Narendra Modi as an enemy of Islam and as such India should take its threat "very seriously", a well-known American counter-terror expert said on Friday even as the US tried to downplay the terrorist outfit's capabilities.
"This video, the first from (al-Qaeda leader Ayman Al-) Zawahiri this year, should be taken very seriously. Al-Qaeda wants to portray Prime Minister Modi as an enemy of Islam," ex-CIA analyst Bruce Riedel, who is considered to be one of the US' top experts on counter-terrorism, told PTI.
"From its base in Pakistan and with its close links to Lashkar-e-Taiba, al-Qaeda is a dangerous menace to India," Riedel said when asked about the latest video of Zawahiri announcing al-Qaeda's creation of a new branch for the Indian subcontinent to wage jihad in India, including in Kashmir, Gujarat and Assam with the goal of establishing a caliphate and impose sharia ranging from Afghanistan to Myanmar.
After the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, counter-terrorism cooperation between India and the US has increased significantly.
Zawahiri had announced new branch of al-Qaeda called "Qaedat al-Jihad in the Indian Subcontinent", "seeking to raise the flag of jihad, return Islamic rule, and imposing Sharia across the Indian subcontinent," in the video which was posted on various social media websites including YouTube.
Reiterating that the new Indian government should take the threat very seriously, Riedel said that New Delhi should increase its counter-terrorism co-operation with the US and Afghanistan.
After the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, counter-terrorism cooperation between India and the US has increased significantly.
The US, however, is yet verify the authenticity of the video or the creation of a new wing of al-Qaeda.
"We haven't been able to verify that yet. Obviously, we're looking to see if there's more information we can get about this here," State Department Deputy Spokesperson Marie Harf told reporters at her daily news conference. "We also don't regard this announcement as an indication of any new capabilities by al-Qaeda," she said.
At the same time, she reiterated that the US remains committed to dismantling al-Qaeda anywhere that it poses a threat to the US and make sure that it doesn't renew its threat to America.

Rupee down 7 paise against dollar in early tradeRupee logs fifth straight weekly rise against US dollar
PTI  Mumbai, September 05, 2014
First Published: 10:07 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:14 IST(5/9/2014)
The rupee on Friday fell back by three paise to end at 60.39 against the US dollar but managed to log its fifth straight weekly rise on account of recent gains.
Advertisement
The rupee commenced lower at 60.44 a dollar from previous close of 60.36 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market. It was then trapped in a limited range of 60.3775 and 60.5175 before finishing at 60.39 -- a small loss of three paise or 0.05%.
In previous two days, it had risen by 32 paise or 0.53%. These gains helped the domestic currency register its fifth straight weekly gains as it appreciated by 11 paise.
In the preceding four weeks, it had gained 3 paise, 29 paise, 39 paise and 3 paise against the Greenback.
Meanwhile, the Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Friday declined by another 59.23 points, or 0.22%.
FPIs/FIIs injected $286.54 million on Thursday, as per provisional data after picking up shares worth a net $216.91 million on Wednesday.
The dollar index was down 0.10 per cent against its major global rivals ahead of announcement of US non-farm payrolls for August.
Meanwhile, the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday surprisingly cut its key policy rates to record low and announced additional measures to fuel the flagging economy.
According to forex dealers, it will help Asian currencies as liquidity will flow into Asia, including India.

Sensex recovers over 92 points in early tradeSensex ends 59 points down as selling continues for 2nd day
PTI  Mumbai, September 05, 2014
First Published: 10:11 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:07 IST(5/9/2014)
Markets on Friday gave up initial gains with Sensex falling about 59 points to end at 27,026.70 and Nifty dipping over 9 points to close at 8,086.85 on profit selling in financial and auto stocks, amid weak global cues.
Advertisement
Losses were seen mainly in counters including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Tata Motors, Hero MotoCorp, Bharti Airtel, Coal India, BHEL and Tata Power, which weighed on the market.
Although Sensex ended in the negative zone, total market breadth was positive on the back of rally in second-line stocks on buying by retail investors. The S&P BSE Small-cap and Mid-cap indices outperformed the Sensex. They closed up by 1.25% and 0.56% respectively.
The 30-share Sensex resumed better and improved further to a high of 27,178.80, up by nearly 93 points, on the back of heavy buying by foreign funds. However, profit-selling erased the gains and the index ended at 27,026.70 -- a fall of 59.23 points or 0.22%. It touched an intra-day low of 26,920.56.
On Thursday, it had dipped 54.10 points or 0.20%.
On Wednesday, it had zoomed to life high of 27,225.85 and then closed at record peak of 27,139.94.
For the week, the Sensex rose 388.59 points. This was its fourth straight weekly gain.
The wide-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE on Friday moved irregularly in a range of 8,122.70 and 8,049.85 before closing at 8,086.85 -- a drop of 9.10 points or 0.11%.
Meanwhile, provisional data showed Foreign Portfolio Investors invested a whopping Rs. 1,697.74 crore on Thursday.
Globally, Asian shares slipped Friday after European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Eyes are now on the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe's main stock markets dipped in late morning trades today after data showed the 18-nation eurozone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.

Blackouts cast shadow over PM Narendra Modi s economic recoveryApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

EMs should be beneficiaries of ECB rate cut: Nick ParsonsLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
EMs should be beneficiaries of ECB rate cut: Nick Parsons
Nick Parsons, head of research, UK and Europe at National Australia Bank believes the US is looking fully priced in.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
The triple rate cut by the European Central Bank or ECB is expected to be generally supportive for credit markets, says Nick Parsons, head of research, UK and Europe at National Australia Bank. He expects emerging markets, or EMs, to be the unintended beneficiaries of ECB rate cut.
However, the US market failed to react to the rate cut. Parsons believes the US is looking fully priced in.
But the big question now is, how long will this impact last? Parsons says at some point global markets will start looking forward to FOMC's (Federal Open Market Committee) next meet.
Also Read: ECB action: Next catalyst for emerging markets?
Below is the verbatim transcript of Nick Parsons' interview with Sumaira Abidi and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Sumaira: What is your take on triple rate cut by the European Central Bank (ECB) and do you think that Asia or the emerging market could actually be the unintended beneficiaries of this?
A: I was exceptionally happy with the ECB’s moves because we forecasted. We were one of the few banks worldwide who called for a 10 bps cut in all the main rates yesterday, so we were extremely pleased. What does it mean for risk assets? I think its supportive for credit market, it is supportive for assets more generally and although its giving quite a big boost to the US dollar, we can see that through the performance of the dollar index spot (DXY), the EM is able to be resilient in the face of US dollar and it is helpful for risk assets more generally. How long that period of this being supportive, remains to be seen because at some point we will be looking forward to the FOMC’s next meeting on September 17, but for the moment it is supportive and would be beneficiary of it.
Reema: Do you think all the good news is priced in, into the US market. Yesterday they didn’t react to the ECB rate cut; they come off from the high point of the day. So, even if today we get jobs data, which is largely inline with street expectations – 225,000 around that figure, what kind of a reaction can we expect from the US markets?
A: I think US is looking more fully priced than any other market but we shouldn’t over analyze it but nonetheless the three main indices - the Dow, the S&P and the Nasdaq, its noticeable that they haven’t joined in global rally, they are all down on the month to date and Futures market at the European open are indicating a slightly lower start for them when US market do open this afternoon.
I think the US is more fully valued than any other and the thing to be careful of, to be wary of - when the payroll report is released this evening at India time – look at the earnings number because the FOMC and Janet Yellen could cope with the 220 or 230 payroll number. I think they could cope with 6.1 percent unemployment rate, in fact hoping no need to change their policy stance but if were to see an upturn in wages, its not generally expected, we are looking at 2 or 2.1 but if there are upside surprise in wages then that would make investors get a bit more nervous ahead of September 17 meeting. I think it is an important day ahead of those and the other thing I would point out is to see that this week the first time in several months, we have seen US interest rates moving in a different direction to those in the rest of the world. So, American asset markets, equity market in the US have to cope with higher domestic rates in a way which other market elsewhere do not have to do.
Stay tuned for more…

Rupee depreciates to 60.44 vs dollarRupee depreciates to 60.44 vs dollar
Cautious trade drags Sensex  Nifty; JP Associates tanks 13%Sep 05, 2014, 02.09 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cautious trade drags Sensex, Nifty; JP Associates tanks 13%
HDFC, Coal India, BHEl, ICICI Bank and Hero are top losers in the Sensex. Among the gainers are Bajaj Auto, ONGC, L&T, SBI and Cipla.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cautious trade drags Sensex, Nifty; JP Associates tanks 13%
HDFC, Coal India, BHEl, ICICI Bank and Hero are top losers in the Sensex. Among the gainers are Bajaj Auto, ONGC, L&T, SBI and Cipla.
Post your opinion here
13:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
1:40 pm Market outlook: Indian equities are not overvalued at this point and the Nifty could touch 9000 by March, feels Vibhav Kapoor, group Chief Investment Officer, IL&FS. In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Kapoor says global equities in general are in a sweet spot, and even if the Fed were to hike rates, liquidity flows to emerging market would not impacted in a big way. Kapoor feels some capital goods shares are expensive at current levels, but he is bullish on Larsen and Toubro if the economy can sustain the pace of recovery seen in the first quarter.
Similarly, he says he will turn positive on banks and NBFCs if the economy continues to be on the mend. Kapoor says concerns over high interest rates is a cause of worry for the market, but does not see the RBI cutting rates near term.
Don't miss: Infosys climbs 2% post BP deal; JP Morgan bets on Sikka era
Selling pressure continues in the market. The Sensex is down 100.91 points at 26985.02 and the Nifty is down 27.30 points at 8068.65. About 1437 shares have advanced, 1282 shares declined, and 112 shares are unchanged.
HDFC, Coal India, BHEl, ICICI Bank and Hero are top losers in the Sensex. Among the gainers are Bajaj Auto, ONGC, L&T, SBI and Cipla.
JP group stocks are in focus today as they extend their losses. JP Associates loses 13 percent today bringing its weekly losses to almost 30 percent. Brokerages turn bearish on the stock as debt concerns for the company mount.
It is a mixed day of trade in Asia and Europe as caution prevails before the release of the US nonfarm payrolls data and peace talks between the Ukrainian president & pro-Russian rebels.
 

Jammu and Kashmir: Omar Abdullah on rescue and relief job 24/7Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Congress hints  inept  Narendra Modi job has cost it people powerApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Rupee continues to fall; weak shares hurtLast Updated at 12:52 PM IST
Rupee continues to fall; weak shares hurt
The rupee is trading at 60.43/44 versus its previous close of 60.3550/3650.
The rupee is trading at 60.43/44 versus its previous close of 60.3550/3650.
 
The USD/INR pair is sustaining gains despite monetary stimulus by the ECB as most funding in India remains dollar denominated, say traders.
 
Losses in other Asian currencies and the euro versus the greenback are also hurting the Indian unit.
 
The European Central Bank cut interest rates and launched a large stimulus package for the flagging euro zone economy on Thursday.
 
Losses in the share market are also hurting. The Nifty is trading down 0.32%.
 
Traders are now awaiting US nonfarm payrolls data due later on Friday for further direction.
 

Salmond: I wont resign if Scots vote no© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/904dc914-34d4-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple to add security alerts for iCloud users  aims to keep hackers out of user accountsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Bangalore: Apple is planning additional steps to keep hackers out of user accounts in the face of the recent celebrity photo scandal and will aggressively encourage users to take stricter security measures, CEO Tim cook told the Wall Street Journal in an interview.
Apple will alert users through email and push notifications when someone tries to change an account password, restore iCloud data to a new device, or when a device logs into an account for the first time, the report said.
Apple is moving quickly to restore confidence in its systems' security ahead of the crucial launch of its new iPhone next week.
Apple will alert users through email and push notifications when someone tries to change an account password, restore iCloud data to a new device, says a new report. ( Apple Store exterior , via Shutterstock)
Cook said Apple will broaden its use of the two-factor authentication security system to avoid future intrusions, the Journal reported.
The two-factor authentication requires a user to have two of three things to access an account, which may include a password, a separate four-digit one-time code, or a long access key given to the user when they signed up for the service.
The iPhone maker said it plans to more aggressively encourage people to turn on the two-factor authentication in the new version of iOS, the daily reported.
"The usability battle will always be there but could you ever imagine using your debit card at an ATM and not entering a pin? That's two factor, something you have (a card) & something you know (a pin), and we all get along just fine," WhiteHat Security's Matt Johansen told Reuters.
Apple said on Tuesday the attacks that emerged over the Labor Day weekend on celebrities' iCloud accounts were individually targeted, and that none of the cases it investigated had resulted from a breach of its systems.
Some security experts have faulted Apple for failing to make its devices and software easier to secure through two-factor authentication, which requires a separate verification code after users log in initially.
Apple could also do more to advertise that option, they said. Most people do not bother with security measures because of the extra hassle, experts say, and the leading phone makers are partly to blame.
The iCloud service allows users to store photos and other content and access it from any Apple device. Security in the cloud has been a paramount concern in past years, but that has not stopped the rapid adoption of services that offer reams of storage and management of data and content off smartphones and computers.
Apple was not immediately available for comment.

Motorola unveils Moto G  Moto X and smartwatch  price gets cheaper  starts at Rs 12 999 on FlipkartApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Pleasure cruises: Ship ship© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/2b034b68-33aa-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Education should not be politicised: Jitan Ram ManjhiManjhi recollected how in 1956, when he got admitted to Class VIII, he had to walk eight kilometres to reach the high school daily.
Press Trust of India | Patna | Posted: September 5, 2014 4:10 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 4:11 pm
Hitting out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his plans to address school students on the occasion of Teacher’s Day on Friday, Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi said “education should not be politicised” and it would be wrong if anybody tried to do so.
“Education should not be politicised. It would be a wrong thing if anybody tries to do so. Our sole aim should be to provide good education to the children. There is no politicisation of education in Bihar,” Manjhi said  when asked about Prime Minister’s scheduled address to students across the country.
Manjhi said earlier students in Bihar were not supposed to be addressed by Modi, but it was changed later on. He added that students in the state government schools will be unable to listen to the PM due to lack of infrastructure.
“Some private schools have the infrastructure and they have made arrangements to relay Modi’s address to students, but those studying in state government schools will be left out due to lack of infrastructure. If this becomes a regular trend of Modi then the state government will also make some arrangements,” added Manjhi.
Speaking at the Teacher’s day function, the Chief Minister announced that government will open one primary school for every 40 families in the state, and work is already on to have one plus two (Higher Secondary) school in each panchayat.
Manjhi recollected how in 1956, when he got admitted to Class VIII, he had to walk eight kilometres to reach the high school daily. “The vision behind having a plus two school in every panchayat is that the students, especially girls do not face trouble in reaching schools and receiving education,” added Manjhi.
The Bihar CM had some advice for teachers as well. He asked them to discharge their duty with responsibility because “if utensils turn out to be bad then their makers are said to be at fault”. He added that parents and teachers should ensure proper and all-round development of boys and girls.
“I am not saying with any ill feeling, but it is a fact that when people point fingers at Bihar, then they also call our teachers bad.
“Our teachers should be self-contented, should create an environment of respect towards them. Education should not be just bookish and westernised,” said Manjhi.
Hinting at continuous demands by contractual teachers for more salary, Manjhi said, “You should first see the condition of government treasury, put yourselves in our shoes with all the responsibilities towards the state, and then you will see all your notions vanishing.”
Manjhi said private schools are mushrooming in the state and if they are destroyed then the education standard in the state will go down. He also continued…

Motorola launches new Moto G at Rs 12 999Hi Guest
Motorola launches new Moto G at Rs 12,999
Motorola has launched two new versions of its best selling phones, Moto G and Moto X. The new Moto G is priced at Rs 12,999 will be available on Flipkart from September 6. The new Moto G has a brilliant 5-inch HD (720x1020p) display, stereo sound, an all-day battery, and the latest Android OS, 8MP rear shooter and a 2MP front camera.  The Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor with 1.2GHz quad-core CPU and advanced graphics lets you switch back and forth between tasks without ever slowing ...

Narendra Modi interacts with students on Teachers  Day  bats for skill-based education'Taskmaster' PM Modi plays the role of headmaster
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 14:57 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:57 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi turned teacher for a day on Friday, chatting with an auditorium full of schoolchildren and teachers, sharing his vision of education and, through it, nation building, and making them smile with anecdotes from his childhood.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union minister Smriti Irani at the informal interation with teachers. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @PMOIndia)
He also took questions from the 1,000 Delhi students who had packed the Manekshaw Centre for the Teachers’ Day programme and from many more across the country who’d tuned in via video conference.
Read: Three cheers ring out for ‘Modi Sir’ in UP madrasas
“Your style conveys the image of a headmaster. Are you tough like a headmaster or are you sweet,” asked a girl in the crowd. “I am a taskmaster. I work hard and extract hard work from others,” the PM replied as millions of students watched him on TV in their schools and homes.
 
Most schools in the Capital, and elsewhere in the country, had made it mandatory for students to be present for the live broadcast of the PM’s speech.
Watch: Best of PM Modi's Teacher's Day speech
Modi exhorted students to become responsible citizens, wondered why they weren’t interested in becoming teachers, thought aloud about India becoming a country that exports teachers. Urging the young to work and play, he said, “You should play and sweat a lot, at least four times a day. Promise you will do it.” He added, “Keep the child in you alive.”
Asked if he’d played pranks as a boy, the PM spoke about tempting shehnai players with tamarind to make their mouth water and stapling the clothes of couples at weddings.
When a boy from Imphal asked him what he had to do to become PM, he responded, “Start preparing for the 2024 elections… at least till then I am safe.” 
A teacher should not discriminate. All children belong to the teacher. And every child has some talents: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 5, 2014
Going back to a recurring theme, he spoke of the importance of educating girls, and building toilets for them in schools to stop them from dropping out. To a student from Port Blair, he said, “Serving the nation does not only mean doing grand things. Doing small things is a big service too. Remember to switch off the fan in your room when you leave, to turn off the taps as you brush your teeth, to keep your things tidy. It is these small things that help build a clean nation.”
When a visually impaired girl asked if he had ever thought he would one day become prime minister, he said, “I never even contested the election to become class monitor.”

India s consumer inflation still high  says RajanIndia's consumer inflation still high, says Rajan
Reuters
Raghuram Rajan, RBI Governor
MUMBAI, Sept 5:  
India's consumer price inflation may be below its peak but is still high due to supply-side constraints, while food prices remain another concern, Citigroup quoted Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan as saying during an investor conference.
"Inflation still remains high on supply-side rigidities. Food inflation is a source of discomfort and given the sub-par monsoon this year, there is a need to keep an eye on food inflation," Citigroup reported Rajan as saying at a meeting with U.S. investors on Thursday.
Citigroup provided a summary of Rajan's presentation in a report.
Rajan also reiterated his aim to bring down consumer price inflation to 6 per cent by January 2016, Citigroup said.
India's CPI accelerated to a two-month high of 7.96 percent in July, driven by surging prices of vegetables, fruit and milk.
Rajan also said foreign investment limits in government bonds would continue to be steadily increased, although Citigroup said he was "comfortable with current levels."
Turning to economic growth, Rajan said he expected gross domestic product to expand towards 7 per cent over the next three years due to political stability and improvement in the business and investment climates.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

The curious case of CBI director Ranjit Sinha s third diarySadiya Upade |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 04:53 PM IST
The curious case of CBI director Ranjit Sinha's third diary
The diary, whose provenance is murky, lists details of visitors to Sinha's high-security residence, some of them over 100 times
In a typical case of the hunter becoming the hunted, the head of India’s premier investigative agency is grasping for answers about visitors to his house. Considering that Ranjit Sinha is the director of the Central Bureau of Investigation, one would think access to his personal residence would be, well, limited. Instead, if spiralling news reports about his guests at 2, Janpath are to be believed, Sinha seems to have played a rather expansive host – with some visitors dropping by more than a 100 times over 15 months.
 
While Sinha has been defiant about meeting officials from companies named in the 2G and coal block allocation scams, the Supreme Court yesterday rejected his appeal to restrain media reports about his visitors. The reports have so far been based on a mysterious third logbook of house guests, and which is at the root of Sinha's troubles. 
 
The CBI chief claims there are supposed to be only two diaries - one which records his movement and a second that logs the movement of his security people. A Times of India report says that the third diary, which lists the names, times of visit and even car numbers of visitors, was maintained at the behest of Sinha's wife. 
 
The report cited sources in the CBI and Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) – which provides security at the residence – as saying that 'third diary' was an unofficial log kept after an informal request of Sinha's wife. 
 
"The request too was made because a stream of unwanted people were visiting the CBI director and his wife wanted some filtering. Jawans were asked to inform before letting anyone enter, that's all," an ITBP officer is quoted as saying. While the unofficial nature of the log can give Sinha some wiggle room to dispute the entries, more details keep emerging about the visitors. 
 
A DNA report pointed out how Union food and consumer affairs minister Ram Vilas Paswan, who is under the CBI scanner for recruitment irregularities at the Bokaro Steel Plant, visited Sinha's residence in March. It argues that around the time of the meeting, a CBI interrogation was imminent. Paswan is yet to be questioned. 
 
The entry in the diary, accessed by the newspaper, shows Paswan visiting Sinha with a man called Mithlesh Kumar, who according to an Indian Express report , has visited Sinha 225 times. Sinha has described Kumar as a ‘retired chief engineer and a friend', says the report.
 
Besides officials from Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG), several other corporate representatives visited Sinha frequently. The Indian Express named some of these officials – Sunil Bajaj of Essar Group and Anil Bhalla of Abhey Oswal Group, both of whom the paper says visited Sinha on at least 40 occasions each in the 15 months between May 2013 and August 2014.
 
Essar is under CBI probe for its alleged role in the 2G spectrum scam. Bhalla is a close associate of company promoter Abhey Kumar Oswal, who is the father-in-law of Parliament member and JSPL chairman Naveen Jindal. Jindal is also under the CBI scanner in the Coalgate scam. 
 
The Express report also shows that several lesser-known entities had easy access to Sinha's residence - some like Mithlesh visiting him more than 100 times a year. These people usually come with a 'plus 1', or companion.
 
Some experts, however, have questioned the authenticity of the logs, saying it is improbable that the CBI chief would have the time to meet anyone over 100 times, and that in a span of 15 months.
 
Sinha himself cast doubts on the authenticity of the logbook. "If such a visitor's register is maintained, there should be some signature on it, of Delhi police, CBI or the visitor. Is it there?" he asked. 
 
He has also threatened he will file a perjury case against lawyer Prashant Bhushan, who is representing the Centre for Public Interest Litigation, which has argued for removal of Sinha from the 2G probe for allegedly trying to protect influential people. On Thursday, non-governmental organisation Common Cause sought Sinha’s recusal from the coal scam probe.
 
While the Supreme Court will have the next hearing on Monday, for now it seems that the caged parrot finds itself entangled in a rather tangled net. 
 

The term is a favourite because it is so euphemistic© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32ae9ace-3414-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inside Alcatel-Lucent  the tech giant that holds the past  present and future of the internet© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e7d2682-33bd-11e4-ba62-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EPFO may launch portable PF A/c number this ...You are here: Home > Collections > Epfo
Employees' Provident Fund Organisation may launch portable PF account number this month
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 05.31PM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(EPFO's portable universal…)
NEW DELHI: Retirement fund manager EPFO's ambitious project to provide portable universal PF account numbers (UAN) to its subscribers is likely to be launched this month.
The UAN project is likely to be launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi . However, no date for the formal launch has been fixed as yet.
The Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) and the Labour Ministry are in touch with the Prime Minister's Office for the purpose, a senior official said.
EPFO completed seeding of 2.5 crore portable PF accounts with KYC details by August end, the official said , adding that the PF body is aiming to seed 1 crore UANs till September 15.
UAN will give the facility of collation of accounts, viewing of updated accounts as well as downloading the same and collation of pensionable service.
The universal number will be portable throughout the working career of members and can be used anywhere in India. Thus, workers in organised sector would not need apply for transfer of PF account claim on changing jobs.
The body had issued 4.17 crore UANs in last week of July and had asked its field staff to complete the seeding of portable PF account number with KYCs like Aadhaar, bank account and PAN by September 15.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his budget speech had said that UAN would be allotted to EPFO subscribers. The Labour Ministry had said that the seeding of KYCs to the UAN number would be completed by October 15.
Meanwhile, EPFO in a statement said that it has settled 53.94 lakh claims this fiscal till August end. Out of total claims, about 68 per cent were settled within 10 days.
It said that 4,700 firms used online facility for registration and got their PF codes online in the months of July and August.
Besides, now employers can deposit PF dues online through 56 banks other than State Bank of India . Earlier, firms were allowed to deposit PF contributions online through SBI only.
The Social Security agreement of EPFO with the Czech has been notified on September 1. This will enable workers to avoid double contribution towards social security schemes while on foreign assignments.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NorthStar announces programme for safe school transportNorthStar announces programme for safe school transport
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept. 5:  
NorthStar, a company that provides school bus tracking and monitoring solution, has announced an initiative called 'Safe Driver Safe Kids' - for all schools across Bangalore. 
As a part of this initiative, NorthStar will offer free training to schools across Bangalore to sensitise and educate bus drivers in best practices, according to a company statement. The campaign aims to generate awareness on traffic rules, safety regulations and increase sensitivity amongst transport managers and drivers.
The campaign is expected to impact more than two lakh School children in Bangalore. After the launch in Bangalore, the Safe Driver Safe Kids initiative will soon reach out to other major cities across India, according to Bobbie H. Kalra, CEO & Co-founder, NorthStar.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

GVK EMRI signs MoU with NTRI Australia to improve trauma careHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GVK EMRI signs MoU with NTRI Australia to improve trauma care
V.Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 5:  
The emergency management services provider GVK EMRI has signed a memorandum of understanding with National Trauma Research Institute, Australia to improve emergency trauma care services in the country.
The memorandum was signed by GVK Reddy, Chairman and Managing Director of GVK and Russel Gruen, Director, NTRI in the presence of the Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbot and G.V Ramana Rao, Head, EMLC & Research.
This partnership further enhances the network of emergency transport services managed by GVK. The expertise of NTRI Australia is expected to develop regional trauma systems that provide injured people with lifesaving care at the roadside, rapid transport and timely treatment of their injuries.
The collaboration aims at developing model regional trauma systems linking ambulance and hospital services, developing protocols to guide treatment and transport of patients and offer training in trauma care.
GVK Reddy in a statement said, “The technical know how of NTRI Australia combined with the experience of GVK EMRI in Indian conditions will accelerate developments in trauma care. Through this initiative we will be able to contribute towards saving many more lives.”
This development of trauma systems would ensure seamless and effective care across the country with the ability to address the needs of the community in terms of trauma care in case of any individual trauma emergencies and multi-casualty incidents.
The GVK EMRI provides emergency care services through a single toll free number 108. On an average, GVK EMRI 108 ambulances respond to over 23,000 emergencies every day. Till today, they have responded to over 29 million emergencies. It operates in 15 states and two Union Territories.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

HMT Machine Tools forays into Naval Systems productionHMT Machine Tools forays into Naval Systems production
PTI
Tweet
Kochi, Sept 5:  
HMT Machine Tools Ltd has for the first time forayed into the production of Naval Systems by successfully developing ‘Directing Gear’, a critical onboard equipment for naval application.
The equipment called ‘Directing Gear’ is an auxiliary of SONAR system developed by Naval Physical and Oceanographic Laboratory, (NPOL) here and has been developed through a collaborative effort with Bangalore based Bharat Electronics, the country’s premier Defence Production agency and NPOL.
The first equipment was handed over to Ajit T Kalghatgi, Dierctor (R&D) BEL by HMTMTL Managing Director B M Shivashankar at a function at nearby Kalamassery.
This would also be a major import-substitution for Bharat Electronics Ltd.
This is the first of the three units against a defence order Bharat Electronics, Bangalore had given to HMTMTL. It is for the first time that HMTMTL is entering into the manufacturing of Naval Systems, a press release said.
The major challenge for HMTMTL was to design, manufacture, test, qualify and deliver this complex system within a tight time schedule to facilitate an important order for BEL.
The Directing Gear is a computer-controlled rotary system using state-of-the-art technology. It would be used for supporting and calibrating the 4.5-ton sensor array of the SONAR system. It is designed to withstand harsh environmental conditions such as shock, vibration, temperature and other adverse conditions of the battle field during operation
A MoU was signed between NPOL, BEL and HMTMTL for ensuring successful realization of the Directing Gear in January this year, K K Balachandran, General Manager, said.
The tie up is a major outcome of NPOL’s efforts to involve both public and private sector industries in sonar production.
It also underlines BEL’s interest in utilising its Product Support Centre at Kalamassery to promote sonar systems development through NPOL.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Microsoft launches Nokia X2 in India for Rs 8 699Microsoft launches Nokia X2 in India for Rs 8,699
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
Beefing up its budget smartphone portfolio, Microsoft Devices today launched Nokia X2, priced at Rs 8,699, in India to compete more aggressively with the likes of Samsung as well as homegrown firms like Micromax.
The Nokia X2 was unveiled globally in June as a successor to its Android—centred Nokia X handsets.
Nokia X2 is representative of the evolution of the Nokia X family, delivering an enhanced experience across user interface, hardware and apps, Microsoft said in a statement.
In February this year, Nokia had announced the ‘Nokia X’ family of affordable smartphones, running Google’s Android apps, at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.
It has four devices — Nokia X, Nokia X+, Nokia XL and Nokia X2 — under the Nokia X range. Microsoft also sells Asha and Lumia range of smartphones.
With a 1.2GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor on-board, the dual SIM handset will have a 4.3-inch ClearBlack display, 1GB RAM, 5MP rear and VGA front camera and 1,800 mAh battery.
Besides supporting Microsoft apps like Skype and Outlook, the handset will offer 15GB of free cloud storage on OneDrive.
“The enhancements on the Nokia X2 lead to a richer, faster and easier experience designed to introduce the ‘next billion’ people to the mobile Internet and cloud services,” Nokia India Sales (a subsidiary of Microsoft Mobile Oy) Head Mobile Phones Sari Harju said.
Microsoft Devices operates the handset business acquired from Nokia earlier this year for over $7.2 billion.
The roadmap ahead for the Nokia X family is, however, not clear.
Microsoft, in July, had said it plans to shift select products from the Android—powered range to Windows platform as it beefs up the affordable Lumia range.
The sub-Rs 10,000 smartphone category is a fiercely competed segment with international as well as homegrown players such as Micromax, Karbonn and Lava vying for a larger chunk of the market.
Microsoft estimates the affordable mobile devices market to be a “USD 50-billion annual opportunity“.
According to analysts, India is the fastest growing smartphone market globally with over 44 million smartphones sold last year.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Motorola unveils new Moto G  Moto X and Moto 360 smartwatch inIndiaPrint
The Moto G (2nd Gen) 16 GB is priced at Rs. 12,999 and will be available at Flipkart from midnight onwards while the Moto X and Moto 360 will be available later this month.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 6:05 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 8:20 pm
Motorola is back with its all new Moto X and Moto G smartphones along with its Android Wear powered Moto 360 smartwatch in India. Motorola has partnered exclusively with Flipkart and will offer these devices on Flipkart only.
The Moto G (2nd Gen) 16 GB is priced at Rs. 12,999 and will be available at Flipkart from midnight onwards while the Moto X and Moto 360 will be available later this month. “The new Moto G, Moto X and Moto 360 will be available only on Flipkart and we are not looking forward to sell them through physical retail stores,” said Amit Boni, General Manager, Motorola India.
(L-R )Moto G (2nd Gen) and Moto X (2nd Gen)
 
Motorola claims to offer better features at an attractive price with the launch of its new generation of Moto smartphones.
Moto G
The Moto G (2nd Gen) 16 GB comes in two colour options- white and black. Sporting a 5-inch 720p HD IPS display at 294 ppi with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection, the smartphone features an 8 MP rear snapper along with a 2 MP front camera which shoot 720p HD videos. The  Moto G (2nd Gen) 16 GB is powered by a 2070 mAh battery.
Running on Android 4.4.4 KitKat operating system, the smartphone houses a 1.2 Ghz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor with Adreno 305 450 MHz GPU and 1 GB RAM.
The Moto G (2nd Gen) 16 GB is a dual SIM smartphone which supports up to 32 GB of external storage via microSD card.
Moto X
The Moto X (2nd Gen) 16 GB sports a 5.2-inch 1080p Fulll HD display at 423 ppi with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection.
Based on a 2.5 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 (MSM 8974-AC)  CPU with Adreno 330 579 MHz GPU and 2 GB RAM, the smartphone mounts a 13 MP rear camera and a 2 MP front camera with support for 1080p videos.
Powered by a 2300 mAh battery, the device runs on Android 4.4.4 KitKat OS and comes with NFC and supports 4K UHD video recording.
Moto 360
The Moto 360 looks like a premium watch made out of stainless steel and leather wrist band. Powered by Android Wear OS, the device is compatible with all smartphones running Android 4.3 or higher.
It has a 1.5-inch round dial and has a display resolution of 320 x 290 pixels at 205 ppi. The Backlit LCD is protected with Corning Gorilla Glass 3. It weighs just 49 grams and comes with 320 mAh battery.
The smartwatch is water resistant and has 4 GB of internal storage and 512 MB RAM and is based on TI OMAP 3 processor. The device comes with a Pedometer that counts the number of steps the user takes and also comes with a optical heart rate monitor.
Motorola is not keen on launching an 8GB version of the smartphones.

Kashmiri migrants rehab: Rajnath writes to Omar seekinglandPrint
Rajnath Singh wrote to CM Omar Abdullah for allocation of "suitable" land for creating dwelling units for these Kashmir Pandits' families.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 5:53 pm | Updated: September 6, 2014 3:28 am
Taking a step towards bringing back the Kashmiri Pandits who had migrated from the Valley after the militancy in 1990, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh Friday asked the Jammu and Kashmir government to identify a “suitable land” for their rehabilitation.
The NDA government has committed itself to the return of some 62,000 Kashmiri Pandit families with “full dignity” to their homes in the Valley and has earmarked Rs 500 crore for this in the 2014-15 Union Budget.
Singh wrote to Chief Minister Omar Abdullah for allocation of “suitable” land for creating dwelling units for these families under the government’s plan to implement the rehabilitation scheme for the migrants.
Singh suggested the land may be identified near the places from where they migrated and also advised that this should be done in such a manner that there was adequate security in and around the area. At present, there are about 62,000 registered Kashmiri families who migrated from the Valley to either Jammu, Delhi or to other parts of the country after the onset of militancy in the border state.
sa
Singh’s missive came ahead of the Assembly elections likely to be held in November-December this year for which the BJP. Political parties in Kashmir and even separatist groups have favoured return of the Pandits but are strongly opposed to the creation of separate colonies for them.
 

Delhi likely to get BJP govt  AAP cries foulBJP is likely to give govt formation in Delhi a shot
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 10:35 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:26 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
The BJP seemed inclined to take a shot at forming the government in Delhi, a day after lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung sent a report to President Pranab Mukherjee. Sources said the home ministry was in favour of exploring options for government formation and the same was expected to be conveyed to the LG on Saturday.
 
Even if the party declines, it would only be after an “earnest effort”, a BJP source said Friday.
Jung had written to Mukherjee recommending that the single largest party be given a chance to come to power, and Rashtrapati Bhawan had in turn forwarded the request to the home ministry. On Friday, the ministry gave its consent to Jung’s request.
Delhi has been under central rule since the AAP government stepped down in February.
The task, though, isn’t easy. The BJP has 28 MLAs while its ally, the Akali Dal, has one. It needs the support of five more MLAs to prove its majority in the 67-member assembly. While two independents are understood to have pledged their support, the party is still three shy of the magic figure. Making up the numbers would require defections in the rival camp — an idea the BJP was initially averse to.
The impasse comes up before the Supreme Court on Tuesday and a clearer picture may emerge after that.
 
The BJP leadership was initially reluctant, given the lack of numbers in the House. But sources said a section argued for the installation of a minority government, thus leaving it to the opposition parties to either topple it or let it survive through abstention from voting.
“The party will take a decision,” a guarded home minister Rajnath Singh said after a meeting with transport minister Nitin Gadkari, who is the party’s Delhi in-charge.
 
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay, who also met Singh, said, “If invited, we will explore all possibilities to form government by constitutional means. We are a political party and giving good governance to Delhiites is our responsibility.”
Many BJP leaders were earlier in favour of fresh elections. But with key assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana in the coming months, the party believes January-February would be the “best time” to hold polls in Delhi.
 
This would give it more time to prepare — by stepping up civic work and allowing winter to cool off high food prices — while good results in the assembly polls would help its prospects in Delhi.
The party won all seven of the city’s Lok Sabha seats in the April-May general elections but fears the AAP may still have an edge in the local polls. This is because the general elections saw the Arvind Kejriwal-led party increase its vote share from the December 2013 assembly polls.

Modi stresses on skill development  education for girl child  cleanliness in his Teachers  Day addressUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: On Friday, September 5, the occasion of Teachers' Day, an auditorium in Delhi was packed full house with children from government schools across the city. The centre of attention was Prime Minister Narendra Modi who addressed the teachers and students across the nation through a live telecast and webcast.
He kept his speech short but focused on the key aspects of education in the changing times. He spoke about the need to promote skill development along with conferring degrees on students, the need to emphasize on cleanliness and saving our surroundings, the importance of education of the girl child, the use of technology in improving our lives and most importantly becoming better citizen who can contribute to the development of the country.
Children were enthused enough to ask the Prime Minister to share little anecdotes from his childhood, and the 63-year-old gleefully shared incidents where he and his friends would play pranks like stapling together the clothes of visitors at weddings, showing 'imlis' (tamarind) to shehnai players at weddings so that they would salivate and wouldn't be able to blow their horns.
But the PM kept the sensibility and the seriousness of the occasion alive. He advised the students on protecting their environment, respecting their teachers, keeping their curiosity alive and develop a reading habit.
"I don't want you to do grand things. It's the small things which are important. Remember to switch off the fan in your room when you leave. Remember to turn off the taps as you brush your teeth. Remember to keep your things tidy and in order. It is these small things which help build a clean nation," he said.
Modi had a wide audience, from students in Leh up north to Port Blair down south, with different questions on their mind.
A question from a student in Delhi on skill development prompted Modi to reply that it was amongst his government's top priorities.
"It has been given priority the world over. Education and degrees without skills mean nothing. That's why apart from personality development, every child should get the opportunity of skill development. We have so many educated youth but they are unskilled and hence, jobless. That's why skill development is of utmost importance," the PM said.
A girl student from Bastar in Chhattisgarh asked about his government's plan to promote education for girls in the Maoist-affected district. Modi praised the young girl for her courage and told her it was always at the top of his mind.
"There is an old saying that if a boy studies, only one person learns. But if we educate a girl, two families learn along with it. Women's education plays an important role in the nation's development. Why else do you think I have made girls' toilets a priority for my government? So that they stay back in school and learn. I have given much thought to this programme and its results will be seen soon. I am happy that you have asked me this question. It shows that you are thinking about girls' education in a place which is affected by Maoists," the PM said.

Sukna land scam: Armed forces tribunal sets aside Lt Gen PK Rath s convictionJ&K: Three terrorists killed in an encounter with Army along the LoC 6 hours 35 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Tatra bribery case : HC grants bail to Lt Gen (Retd.) Tejinder SinghUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi The Delhi High Court granted bail to Lt Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh in Tatra bribery case on Friday.
Earlier on Thursday the Court reserved its order on the bail plea of Lt Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh, who has been arrested for allegedly offering Rs 14 crore bribe to the then Army chief VK Singh for clearing files pertaining to procurement of Tatra-all terrain vehicles. The order has been reserved by a bench headed by Justice Pratibha Rani after hearing arguments advanced by counsel on behalf of Tejinder Singh and CBI.
"Who knows the practice better then this court. If an accused has not been arrested during the entire investigation and has root in the society, then he cannot be arrested after filing of charge sheet," former law minister and senior advocate Kapil Sibal appearing for the jailed former Army officer, said.
The Delhi High Court granted bail to Lt Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh in Tatra bribery case on Friday.
Besides Sibal, a battery of lawyers including Geeta Luthra, Dayan Krishnan and Pramod K Dubey appeared for Tejinder Singh and sought bail for their client, saying he has been a man of integrity and should have been enlarged on bail by the trial court itself, where he appeared after receiving the summon on September 1.
The counsel for the CBI, however vehemently opposed the submissions of the accused saying, "the practice of granting bail on filing of charge sheet does not entitle an accused to be granted bail. The gravity of the offence alleged against the accused has to be considered."
The CBI also referred to the statements of the then Army chief Singh and the then Defence Minister AK Antony to support its submission that the allegation against Tejinder Singh were grave in nature.
Sibal, in its rejoinder argument, opposed the submissions of the counsel and referred to various Supreme Court judgements to drive home his point that an accused, who has been out during the investigation should not be arrested on filing of the charge sheet.
"Moreover, evidence presented to the court are documentary in nature," he said, adding the alleged offence took place on September 22, 2010 and it was reported after the delay of two years in 2012.
Earlier, the court had issued notice to the CBI on the bail application for today.
The probe agency in its reply, has defended the trial court decision to arrest Tejinder Singh in the case. He had moved the High Court for bail on September 1 after the Special CBI judge ordered his arrest and sent him to judicial custody till September 20.
Tejinder Singh had appeared in the lower court following the summons issued against him in the case and was later taken into custody after the dismissal of his bail plea.
The lower court had taken cognisance of the charge sheet on August 28 after relying upon the statements of Antony, V K Singh and other witnesses whose testimonies were recorded by CBI during the probe.
In its charge sheet, CBI had alleged that Tejinder Singh met V K Singh in his office in South Block on September 22, 2010, and during the meeting, he had offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore to V K Singh for clearing the file of Tatra vehicles by first week of October.
(With inputs from PTI)

SBI launches savings accounts for childrenSep 05, 2014, 06.42 PM IST  | Source: PTI
SBI launches savings accounts for children
SBI introduced this products three months after the Reserve Bank issued guidelines allowing minors over 10 years to operate bank savings accounts independently and use facilities such as ATMs and cheque books.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SBI launches savings accounts for children
SBI introduced this products three months after the Reserve Bank issued guidelines allowing minors over 10 years to operate bank savings accounts independently and use facilities such as ATMs and cheque books.
Post your opinion here
 
State Bank of India  (SBI) today introduced personalised savings accounts for anyone below 18-year age.
SBI introduced this products three months after the Reserve Bank issued guidelines allowing minors over 10 years to operate bank savings accounts independently and use facilities such as ATMs and cheque books.
"'Pehli Udaan' is a singly operated savings bank account for a minor aged 10 years and above and who can sign uniformly, while 'Pehla Kadam; is a savings bank account for minor of any age operated jointly with his/her parent or guardian," SBI said in a statement.
Specially branded passbook, cheque book have been designed for these products. All the account holders will be given an exclusively designed personalised photo ATM-cum-Debit card, it said.
Other features include internet banking with limited transaction facilities like bill payment, opening of fixed deposit, recurring deposits, etc. with per day transaction limit of Rs 5,000, it said.
Besides, such account holders can facility of mobile banking with limited transaction facilities like bill payment, top-ups with per day transaction limit of Rs 2,000.
Auto sweep with a minimum threshold of Rs 20,000 and in multiple of Rs 1,000 with a minimum of Rs 10,000, it said.
While launching these products SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya emphasised the importance of cultivating savings habits from childhood, managing and spending money wisely and also stressed upon the importance of inculcating good spending habits early in life.
SBI stock price
On September 10, 2014, at  15:31 hrs State Bank of India was quoting at Rs 2559.95, down Rs 7.45, or 0.29 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2833.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 1455.95.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 147.33 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 17.38. The latest book value of the company is Rs 1584.34 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.62.
RELATED NEWS

Wipro increases focus on innovation  but won t set up a  labs  armBSE 27079.85(-185.47)
NSE 8089.00(-63.95)
SELECT      autono,      section1,      datetime,      heading,      authorname,      subheading,      content,      location,      thumbimg,      bigimg     FROM      newbsdata_api     WHERE      autono = 114090500868
Companies
Itika Sharma Punit |  Bangalore Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 09:29 PM IST
Wipro to invest in robotics, artificial intelligence
Company identifies areas like cognitive technologies, artificial intelligence, man-machine interface, robotics
Wipro, the Bangalore-based information technology major, is trying to boost internal innovation. The country’s third largest IT services company has identified focus areas for initiatives in this regard and has also allocated budgets for these. Among others, it is investing in innovation in cognitive technologies, artificial intelligence, man-machine interface, robotics, smart devices and open source. The company believes these could become revenue-accretive in two to five years.
“Historically, companies have focused on ‘run the business’ and ‘change the business’. With the disruption  around us today, innovation has become of key importance. That is the reason why at Wipro, innovation is now directly under the chief executive’s radar,” K R Sanjiv, chief technology officer (CTO), told Business Standard.
IF IN DOUBT, INNOVATE
Wipro is investing in innovation in cognitive technologies, artificial intelligence, man-machine interface, robotics, smart devices and open source
The company believes these could become revenue-accretive in two to five years
The company says it wishes to ensure no silos or divides
The initial corpus of $100 million will be invested in opportunities in start-up companies focused on niche technologies
Adding: “Typically, the investment budgets for companies used to be 60 per cent for running the business and 40 per cent for the changes that are visible in the marketplace today. Now, we are also seeing a direct budget allocation for innovation. This is happening at Wipro as well.” While ‘run the business’ refers to the core bread-and-butter IT services work, ‘change the business’ means new technologies like analytics and big data. These are seeing some traction in the market but are not yet huge revenue churners.
Wipro says it has no plan for a separate ‘lab’ on these, unlike some peers such as Infosys. The company says it wishes to ensure no internal silos or divides. “You will not see a ‘Wipro Labs’ as a separate entity. The CTO’s office has a charter for driving change and the strategy office has the charter for building ecosystems. Both will be very strongly intertwined with the business units,” said Sanjiv.
Experts believe jugglery between running core businesses and preparing for the future is crucial for Indian IT service companies. Especially with the not-so-successful example of Infosys, the second largest in the sector. It had launched ‘Infosys 3.0’ a few years earlier, to prepare it for technologies of the future. However, it lost sight of its core business, resulting in the growth rate dropping to record lows. Once a sector bellwether, Infosys is struggling to return to industry-level growth.
Over recent months, Wipro has increasingly shown interest in benefiting from innovation in the technology system. A few months earlier, it followed the footsteps of some global peers by setting up a venture capital fund to look at investing in early-to-middle stage technology start-ups globally. The initiative is being driven by Chief Strategy Officer Rishad Premji, also the elder son of Chairman Azim Premji. The initial corpus of $100 million will be invested in opportunities in start-up companies focused on niche technologies such as data, open source and industrial internet.

Dialysis services provider Nephroplus to invest Rs 150 crBS Reporter |  Lucknow Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 05:36 PM IST
Dialysis services provider Nephroplus to invest Rs 150 cr
Company targets to up its number of centres to 100 from current count of 27
Homegrown dialysis services provider would invest nearly Rs 150 crore in the next 3 years to open new centres across India. The company targets to up its number of centres to 100 from the current count of 27.
"In the next 4-5 years, we are planning to have 150 centres," Nephroplus founder and CEO Vikram Vuppala said here today. He was in town to open a centre. Now, it operates two dialysis centres in Uttar Pradesh at Lucknow and Agra.
"UP is a focus state for us and we plan to open 20 more centres in the state in next 2-3 years," he added.
In May 2014, the company had raised Rs 60 crore. "To fund our future growth requirements, we would also raise debt besides investing internal accruals."
UP has over one lakh patients who need dialysis support, but only 15,000 get such services due to affordability and access constraints.
 Advertisements

Property deal on verge of collapse  Sahara chief seeks 10 more days fromSCPrint
A very serious problem has cropped up in the last three days after a paper reported that Sultan of Brunei is buying the properties.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 5:47 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 6:29 pm
Sahara Chief Subrata Roy told the Supreme Court that almost finalised deals to sell his three luxury hotels in New York and London has hit a roadblock and is on the verge of collapse and sought ten days more time to sell the properties to raise Rs 10,000 crore to be deposited with SEBI to get bail.
Appearing before a bench headed by Justice T S Thakur, Roy’s counsel submitted that there have been huge protests outside the hotels after an International newspaper published story that Sultan of Brunei is buying the properties.
A very serious problem has cropped up in the last three days after the paper reported that Sultan of Brunei is buying the properties, he said.
Following this, there have been very violent protests outside the hotels and the buyers are “reconsidering the deal which is now on the verge of being scrapped,” senior advocate S Ganesh told the court.
He urged the court to grant Roy 10 days more time to hold negotiations to save the deal or to talk with 3-4 other buyers who are on line to buy the properties.
“It is very unfortunate incident and it is a setback for us. It is beyond our control,” he said asking the bench to consider his plea for extention of time on Monday.
The court said that it will take up his plea if it is possible for the special bench, hearing his case, to assemble on that day.
The apex court had on August 1 allowed Roy and two directors of his group to use the conference room in Tihar jail complex for 10 days from August 5 to hold negotiations with potential buyers. The time period was furhter extended for 15 days on August 14.

Bad news on jobs not-so-bad news for stocksBad news on August job creation not-so-bad news for stocks
By: Adam Shell September 5, 2014 8:48 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on September 2, 2014. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images) ORG XMIT: 510385307 ORIG FILE ID: 454498262
It may not make much sense to Main Street investors, but the big disappointment on August employment — only 142,000 new jobs were created, far below the roughly 220,000 economists expected — could actually be good news for stock investors.
The reason: The weaker-than-expected August jobs number will likely be interpreted by Wall Street as a sign that the labor market isn’t as strong as the previous string of six months in a row of 200,000-plus jobs suggested, confirming the concerns of Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen.
The kneejerk reaction on Wall Street, where stock futures jumped sharply to the upside minutes after the data was released, is that the first rate hike from the Federal Reserve may now not come as early in 2015 as feared. A mid-year rate hike is what Wall Street is expecting, but it has feared hikes starting earlier in the year.
“The report is a remarkable disappointment as a headline number, especially after receiving such promising macro data over the summer,” says Todd Schoenberger, president at J. Streicher Asset Management. “Oddly enough, though, this flat figure may still bode well for investor’s portfolios because it should force the Fed to take a breather with its ‘increase-in-interest-rate’ chant, which will push equity valuations higher.  The data should help continue the markets upward trajectory today, and throughout the rest of the quarter.”
Take a look at the pre-market reaction in the stock market before and after the release of the employment report.
Index        Before report      10 min. after report
Dow          -55 pts.                Flat
S&P 500  -7.50 pts.             +0.25
Source: USA TODAY research
In late afternoon trading, both indexes were sporting even stronger rebounds. At 2:20 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 47 points, or 0.3%, to 17,117. And the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index was 6.55 points higher, or 0.3%, at 2004.20. If the S&P 500 can hold that level, it will mark a new record closing high, eclipsing its Aug. 20 closing peak of 2003.37.
Heading into the August jobs report, Wall Street was worried that a strong report would suggest the Fed needed to move sooner, says Kate Warne, investment strategist at Edward Jones. The takeaway from the “highly disappointing” number, she says, is that the “Fed is likely to consider this as a reason to stay with current policy, which is reassuring to investors.”
Still, Warne says investors should not focus on just one month’s data, but instead look at longer averages, such as the average jobs created over the past three months, which still remains north of 200,000. (August was the first month since January in which the economy did not generate more than 200,000 new jobs.)
Warne adds that she would not be surprised if the weak August jobs number, which caught Wall Street off guard, gets revised upward when the government reports the September jobs number in early October. “All of the other recent economic indicators,” she says, “suggest strength in the job market.”
There is precedent for upward revisions to the August jobs report. Back in 2011, the initial estimate for the number of jobs created in August was zero, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ initial report released in September 2011. However, that number was revised up to plus 57,000 jobs in the first revision announced in October 2011 and then to 104,000 jobs in the second revision released in November 2011.
Today’s report makes it likely the Fed is unlikely to take a less-market friendly stance at its two-day meeting in Sept. 16 and 17, says Michael Gapen, an economist at Barclays.
“This report,” he says, “will likely reduce the probability that the Fed takes an abrupt change in tone in September to a more hawkish policy stance, and we continue to see longer-term economic trends as consistent with a June 2015 rate hike.”

Is growth back on track CRISIL s view on Q1FY15 GDPLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Is growth back on track? CRISIL's view on Q1FY15 GDP
CRISIL Research has come out with its report on GDP. India’s GDP grew by 5.7% in Q1FY15, the highest in 10 quarters.
Post your opinion here
 
CRISIL Research has come out with its report on GDP
India’s GDP grew by 5.7% in Q1FY15, the highest in 10 quarters. Industrial GDP rose by 4.2% showing clear signs of a revival, after a near 0.4% growth in FY14. An uptick in investment demand and exports was visible. In addition, lifting of mining ban in Goa (in April 2014) helped raise mining output, for the first time in 9 quarters. Private consumption demand however, remained sluggish but is expected to improve in Q2 as indicated by higher sales of cars, and consumer goods.
While agriculture performed well in Q1 (3.8% y-o-y) on the back of a bumper rabi crop, a weak monsoon during the current season, will play spoilsport going ahead. We thus, expect agriculture growth to average only 1% in FY15. As a result, India’s GDP growth will be capped at 5.5% in FY15 – still a lift from the 4.7% last year, as a result of industrial pick-up due to higher exports and domestic investment. Several small steps announced by the government to improve the ease of doing business, are lifting investor sentiment - results of business confidence surveys are proof of that. Speedier implementation of stalled projects and gradual easing of mining bans will help further. However, the outcomes of the review of coal block allocations made in the past, will be crucial to decide the fate of mining output.
Disclaimer: This report (Report) has been commissioned by the Company/Investor/Exchange and prepared by CRISIL. The report is based on data publicly available or from sources considered reliable by CRISIL (Data). However, CRISIL does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Data / Report and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of Data / Report. Opinions expressed herein are CRISIL's opinions as on the date of this Report.  The Data / Report are subject to change without any prior notice. Nothing in this Report constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice or any solicitation, whatsoever. The Report is not a recommendation to buy / sell or hold any securities of the Company. CRISIL especially states that it has no financial liability, whatsoever, to the subscribers / users of this Report. This Report is for the personal information of the authorized recipient only. This Report should not be reproduced or redistributed or communicated directly or indirectly in any form to any other person or published or copied in whole or in part especially outside India, for any purpose.
CRISIL Limited. All Rights Reserved. Published under permission from CRISIL"
Source:
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Starbucks planning new types of stores  including expressStarbucks planning new store designs, including express
Starbucks store formats
Starbucks is planning new store formats.
Starbucks is planning new store formats. (JOHANNES EISELE, AFPGetty Images)
By Jessica Wohl, Tribune staff reporter
Starbucks brewing up 1st express store for NYC
Starbucks plans 100+ stores highlighting Reserve coffees
Starbucks to open "coffee theatre" shop in Seattle
Starbucks Corp. on Friday said it has brewed up three new store formats, including an express store that the coffee giant plans to launch in New York early next year.
There was no early word on whether the Chicago area will soon see stores with the new formats. Starbucks is also planning at least 100 shops focused on its premium small-lot Reserve coffees. In December, it plans to open a Starbucks Reserve Roastery and Tasting Room in Seattle, its hometown.

Wall Street set to dip at open after payrolls reportWall Street ends lower as Apple falls, bond yields rise
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
NASDAQ NYSE Euronext, Inc. Financial Markets The Home Depot
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday as Apple  shares declined and as bond yields hit their highest in a month on concerns the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates sooner than some investors had expected.
All 10 S&P 500 sectors ended lower. Apple shares, which jumped as much as 4.8 percent earlier in the session after the company unveiled a smartwatch, ended down 0.4 percent at $97.99. Apple also announced two larger iPhones.
Benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note yields rose to 2.5 percent.
Apart from geopolitical concerns, investors are becoming increasingly worried about the global economy, and especially Europe, weakening again. ( Gail MarksJarvis )
Sectors with high-dividend paying stocks including utilities were among the day's weakest. The utilities sector <.SPLRCU> and telecommunications <.SPLRCL> each fell 1.2 percent.
Improving U.S. economic conditions may force the Federal Reserve "to tighten sooner rather than later," said Doug Cote, chief market strategist with Voya Investment Management in New York.
"Rising rates are an immediate discount for financial assets, including equities," he said.
8
Shares of Home Depot  fell 2.1 percent, a day after the company confirmed its payment security system had been breached.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> declined 97.55 points or 0.57 percent, to 17,013.87, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 13.1 points or 0.65 percent, to 1,988.44 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 40.00 points or 0.87 percent, to 4,552.29.
About 5.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 5.5 billion average for the last five days, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
The Fed supposedly owns 1/4 of ALL stocks. Anybody who still thinks investing in the stock market, and the dollar is getting stronger, is an idiot.
Jackie Puppet
90
In the options market, Apple options volume rose to a record daily volume of 2.97 million contracts traded, according to Henry Schwartz, president of options analytics firm Trade Alert. Contract volume was about three times normal and calls led puts by a ratio of 2.1:1, according to Trade Alert data.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Pulse Electronics , which was rising 53.47 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was Usec , down 18.05 percent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Brazil's Petrobras , down 2.83 percent to $17.83 and Pfizer , down 0.58 percent at $29.23.
Besides Apple, Yahoo , down 2.5 percent at $40.78, and Microsoft , up 0.6 percent to $46.76 were among the most actively traded on Nasdaq.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,338 to 698, for a 3.35-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,046 issues were falling and 637 advancing for a 3.21-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The broad S&P 500 index was posting 17 new 52-week highs and five new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 56 new highs and 58 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; Editing by Nick Zieminski, Chris Reese and Meredith Mazzilli)

SBI launches personal savings accounts for childrenSBI launches personal savings accounts for children
Sensex Extends Losses  Ends 59 Pts LowerSensex Extends Losses  Ends 59 Pts Lower
Cong s dig at Modi addressing students on Teachers  DayCong s dig at Modi addressing students on Teachers  Day
Financial package from Centre Punjab s right: SukhbirFinancial package from Centre Punjab s right: Sukhbir
Fighting in Ukraine ahead of truce talksFighting in Ukraine ahead of truce talks
Government will not allow onion prices to rise in festival seasonGovernment will not allow onion prices to rise in festival season
Demand for power drops in Punjab due to rainsDemand for power drops in Punjab due to rains
L&T eyes 6 000 MW power plant orders after MP order winBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 05:58 PM IST
L&T eyes 6,000 MW power plant orders after MP order win
The company today secured Rs 5100 crore order for design, construction and commissioning of 1320 MW thermal power plant
Larsen & Toubro has secured Rs 5100 crore order for design, construction and commissioning of 1320 MW thermal power plant of Madhya Pradesh Power Generation company.
The project order covers design, engineering, manufacture, supply, erection and commissioning of two coal-fired thermal units of 660 MW each with supercritical parameters. While the bids were finalised last year the award was not announced till now because of delays in securing environment clearance to the coal mine which will fuel the power plant in Khandwa district of Madhya Pradesh. This is a repeat order for the company which had executed phase I of the project.
"This is a turnkey project and we will be constructing boilers and turbines for the plant at our Hazira unit which is run in joint venture with Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems. We see movement on ground in power sector and will participate in bids for 6000 MW power plants in Uttar Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Maharashta. The outlook is improving and government is looking at giving clearances to power plants on a priority,'' said Shailendra Roy, whole time director (power, metals and minerals) of Larsen & Toubro.
L&T' power business has been facing competition on one hand from Chinese and Korean suppliers and delays and facing impact due to delays in projects clearances.
In a press statement the company said it won the order through tough competitive bidding. The project demands stringent completion schedule of 43/47 months for each of the units. "The awarding of the power project affirms L&T's credentials in EPC execution of power plants under critical schedules", he added.
 Advertisements

GVK EMRI ties up with NTRI of AustraliaBS Reporter |  Hyderabad Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 08:48 PM IST
GVK EMRI ties up with Aussie institute
The MoU is aimed at developing model regional trauma systems linking ambulance and hospital services, protocols to guide treatment and transport of patients
GVK EMRI, an integrated emergency services provider, has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with National Trauma Research Institute (NTRI) of Australia.
The MoU is aimed at developing model regional trauma systems linking ambulance and hospital services, protocols to guide treatment and transport of patients, training in trauma care and emergency system leadership, strengthening communications, system monitoring and oversight, demonstrating effectiveness of integrated systems on patients and costs and providing financial models to support sustainable systems.
“This event is a historical milestone. The technical knowhow of NTRI Australia combined with the experience of GVK EMRI in Indian conditions will accelerate developments in trauma care many fold. Through this initiative we will be able to contribute towards saving many more lives,” GVK group chairman and managing director, GVK Reddy, stated in a release.
NTRI is a department of Alfred Health with a close association with Monash University in Victoria, Australia, focusing on reducing death and disability from trauma, and improving the quality of life of survivors of trauma, through more effective treatments, and better trauma systems.
GVK EMRI operates in 15 states and two Union Territories. The service covers more than 750 million people - making it the world's largest integrated emergency service provider.
 

JSW Steel production up 13% in AugustPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 05:26 PM IST
JSW Steel production up 13% in August
The firm had produced 9.85 lakh tonnes crude steel in August last year
JSW Steel today reported a 13% rise in production in August at 11.16 lakh tonnes.
The Sajjan Jindal-led firm had produced 9.85 lakh tonnes crude steel in August last year, it said in a statement.
The production of flat products, used in the automotive and consumer durable industries, grew by seven% to 8.8 lakh tonnes from 8.24 lakh tonnes a year ago.
Long products, which find application in the construction sector, increased by 53% to 1.96 lakh tonnes from 1.28 lakh tonnes a year earlier.
The company had reported 12% rise in crude steel production at 11.13 lakh tonnes (LT) last month.
In the first three months of current fiscal, JSW Steel has produced 31 LT steel reporting a growth of eight% over the April-June period of the last fiscal.
 Advertisements

Kiev agrees ceasefire deal with rebels© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a53569c-34cd-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What Everyone s Actually Thinking When They Say Happy Birthday On FacebookLet's face it: We're not actually friends with all the people we're "friends" with on Facebook , which makes the site's birthday notification feature a hilariously well-meaning minefield of social niceties.
Luckily for us, comedy duo Garfunkel and Oates have their fingers on the pulse of this technological weirdness, and they've written a song about what everyone's really thinking when they wish you a "HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! : )" on Facebook.
Maybe your Facebook friends couldn't put a face to a name if they saw you on the street, but they do know which day on the Gregorian calendar you exited your mother's womb two decades ago. Thanks, Zuck.
More:

BSE Sensex retreats from record high as profit-booking emergesApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

United Spirits shares gain on bargain buyingApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

JSW Interested in Buying Italy s Ilva Steel Plant: ReportTaranto, Italy:
JSW Steel is considering buying the Ilva steel plant in Italy, union sources said on Thursday.
Ilva, privately-owned by the Riva family, is Europe's largest steel plant by output capacity and is of strategic importance to the southern European steel sector, where it supplies carmakers and other manufacturers.
The Taranto plant, however, is at the centre of an environmental scandal which led the Italian government to place it under "special administration", a procedure designed to save large companies and avoid big job losses.
JSW Steel, controlled by Sajjan Jindal wrote a letter to Ilva's special commissioner Piero Gnudi to express interest in Ilva, according to the sources.
A JSW delegation is expected to visit the plant, one of the largest employers in the southern Italian region of Puglia, in the next few days.
Ilva declined to comment.
JSW did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
ArcelorMittal, the world's largest steelmaker last month sent a letter to express its interest in Ilva to Gnudi and is expected to propose an industrial plan for the plant by the end of September, according to sources.
JSW is also in talks to buy parts of another steel plant, Lucchini, Italy's second-largest.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Monsoon Rains Snap Three-week Lull  Turn Surplus in Past WeekApple Unveils the Watch, Larger iPhones at Star-Studded Event
New Delhi:
Monsoon turned surplus in the past week as rains revived in the grain bowl Northwest region of the country, soybean belt and cotton areas, after a three-week lull, the weather office said on Thursday.
Rainfalls were 24 per cent above average in the week to September 3, in a sharp reversal from the previous week's 22 per cent deficit. Rains had been poor for three weeks in a row until August 27.
"The monsoon is expected to continue its wet run next week," said B.P. Yadav, head of the National Weather Forecasting Centre at the India Meteorological Department (IMD).
The annual monsoon rains are vital as over half of India's farmlands lack irrigation, and the farm sector accounts for 14 per cent of the national economy.
Following the revival, the seasonal rainfall during June 1 to September 3 stood at 15 per cent below average, shrinking the overall deficit from 18 per cent in the previous week.
Monsoon rain in India is the leading determinant of rural spending on consumer goods ranging from lipstick to cars as two-thirds of its 1.2 billion people live in villages. Its failure pushes up food prices.
India is one of the world's leading producers of farm commodities such as rice, sugar, soybean and cotton which are directly dependent on the seasonal rains for production.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Reforming Our International Tax System Is at the Heart of American Economic Competitivenessreddit
Ed Kleinbard, a law professor at the University of Southern California, recently released a paper ('Competitiveness' Has Nothing to Do with it) that essentially argues that American multinational companies are not hampered from a competitiveness standpoint by the current U.S. tax code.
In fact, Kleinbard contends that these U.S. companies have an advantage over their foreign competitors because of their sophisticated ability to navigate around the high corporate tax rates that define the code and the outdated manner in which the U.S. taxes foreign income.
In his findings, Kleinbard also acknowledges that the current tax code is "highly distortive and inefficient," but overall he significantly underestimates how the U.S. tax code impacts American-headquartered companies who conduct business around the world and who find our current tax laws an enormous challenge in their ability to plan for future growth here at home and in new markets abroad.
The fact that U.S. multinationals have not given up and are actively dealing with this tax challenge does not mean that the status quo fossilized in our outdated tax code shouldn't be addressed and in an urgent manner no less. It simply means, U.S. multinationals have recognized and are dealing with the realities of an evolving 21st Century global marketplace, even if Washington and our policymakers have not.
The "sophistication" that Kleinbard notes of U.S. businesses in their tax planning is more reflective of how anxious these companies are to remain competitive from a global tax perspective, than it is of this notion that the current code is a resource that should be taken advantage of.
The current U.S. tax code is fundamentally broken and absolutely harms the ability of American companies to grow domestically and internationally. That might not be the viewpoint at the law school lectern, but if you manage a business that competes in the dynamic global economy you may have a different perspective.
This is especially true when it comes to the U.S. international tax system. Why else would U.S. companies be pursuing potential opportunities to re-incorporate overseas if they are supposedly able to achieve better tax results under U.S. tax law?
Under current policy, U.S. companies are taxed on overseas earnings in the country where they were made and yet again here in the U.S. No other G8 country, nor virtually any other industrialized nation, uses such a punitive system. It results in (1) a disincentive for companies to invest in the U.S.; (2) a rise in production costs, making us less competitive abroad; and (3) the blocking out of nearly $2 trillion that companies cannot repatriate to the U.S. without paying this burdensome toll charge.
On the other hand, with a fresh, modernized policy, the U.S. government could incentivize, not punish, companies for bringing earnings home. The solution -- also recommended by Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp (R-MI) and numerous studies commissioned by President Obama -- is to transition the United States to a so-called "territorial tax system".
This simplified system is actually how foreign companies that invest here in the U.S. are generally taxed.  They pay taxes on their profits earned in the U.S., but they are not taxed by the U.S. -- or their home country -- on the profits they generate around the globe because those profits are taxed in the countries where they operate. Such a straightforward and commonsense system should also be applied to globally-engaged American-headquartered companies.
And while Professor Kleinbard questions the need for international tax reform, our trading partners around the world are busy adopting territorial systems in order to make their business climates more attractive to investment. This shouldn't be surprising, as "competitiveness" does not occur in a vacuum, especially in an interconnected economy.  The U.S. should certainly follow suit, and here's why:
• We've seen tax reform work already. As Europe's economic power and the world's third-leading exporter, Germany modernized its system in this fashion in 2001. Our largest trading partner, Canada, has also made similar reforms that have led to positive results -- to such an extent that in the process, it has grown tax revenues faster than GDP. In Japan, unemployment has decreased and wages have increased since similarly updating its tax system in 2009.
• Tax revenues will increase in the long run. According to the nonpartisan Tax Foundation and others, compliance under our outdated system costs corporations and the government more than $40 billion annually. With reform, companies will not only see that money put to more efficient use, they'll see increased revenue. In fact, in eight of the years between 2000 and 2009, the modernized systems our competitors are using raised more tax revenue than our current system.
• We can incentivize, not punish, companies for bringing earnings home. The $2 trillion in capital that is currently locked out of the U.S. can be allocated toward renewed investment, job creation and R&D at home. In fact, according to the American Action Forum, a policy institute in Washington, this trapped capital could be utilized to create up to 3.5 million U.S. jobs.
It's easy -- and fashionable -- to suggest that corporations aren't paying their fair share of taxes.  But it's a simplistic argument that ignores the facts and disregards the unforgiving realities of what it takes to be successful (or simply survive) in our modern economy.  To suggest that the tax code isn't hampering U.S. competitiveness is naïve at best; at worst, it could drive short-sighted public policies that further tie the hands of American companies and directly threaten the economic security for countless American workers.
Let's Invest for Tomorrow (LIFT) America is a coalition of U.S.-headquartered companies, trade associations and economic stakeholders representing industries that are critical to the American economy. To strengthen American competitiveness in the global marketplace, the coalition supports a modern, hybrid international tax system - similar to the one used by our trading partners - that would promote increased U.S. investment, while protecting America's tax base.
More:

Claire Buchan ParkerReforming Our International Tax System Is at the Heart of American Economic Competitiveness
(0) Comments | Posted September  4, 2014 | 1:28 PM
Ed Kleinbard, a law professor at the University of Southern California, recently released a paper ('Competitiveness' Has Nothing to Do with it) that essentially argues that American multinational companies are not hampered from a competitiveness standpoint by the current U.S. tax code.
In fact, Kleinbard contends that these U.S....
Washington Continues to Ignore Tax Reform at Our Economy's Peril
(4) Comments | Posted April 25, 2014 | 6:38 PM
The common perception in Washington these days is that comprehensive tax reform is dead. The D.C. pundits say Capitol Hill wants to move on, and the election calendar dictates that lawmakers turn their attention to the midterm elections. But what remains of the evolving economic threats that caused us to...
Frustration With Our Broken Tax Code Is Bipartisan
(0) Comments | Posted July  2, 2013 | 5:33 PM
Not much seems to be working right with our tax system these days. But as the White House and congressional leaders prepare for a top to bottom (and long overdue) overhaul of our increasingly complex tax code, it is important to not lose sight of what is most essential: comprehensive...
Winning Customers Around the World Begins at Home With Tax Reform
(11) Comments | Posted May  3, 2013 | 2:56 PM
As the tax reform debate in Washington develops, the argument against modernizing our international tax system seems to be based on some disturbingly narrow misperceptions.
The first is that U.S. companies have no business operating anywhere but in the United States. The second is that the global marketplace harms...
A Half Century Never Looked So Old
(0) Comments | Posted April 10, 2013 | 4:16 PM
It has been more than 50 years since the United States updated its international tax system. Is it any wonder then, why there is a growing frustration that the system doesn't work? In that half century, the world has changed dramatically, and we now find ourselves in a dynamic global...

Alibaba IPO brings back 2000 memoriesAlibaba IPO brings back 2000 memories
By: Matt Krantz September 4, 2014 1:04 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
This is a frame grab from the 2000 Britney Spears music video Oops I Did It Again.
Britney Spears’ “Oops! … I Did It Again” was a top album of 2000. It’s back to the future on Wall Street — as the bubbling initial public offering market is prompting investors to hope they don’t have another 2000-style “oops” moment, too.
Chinese Internet giant Alibaba is expected to sell its shares to investors for the first time as early as next week. This massive IPO is conjuring some uncomfortable comparisons with 2000, which still stands as one of the  most ominous years for the stock market.
Thanks largely to Alibaba’s expected massive $20 billion IPO, companies are on pace to raise $80 billion from selling stock to the public for the first time this year, says Renaissance Capital. That’s up 46% from 2013 and the most money raised from the IPO market since the dot-com craze of 2000.
The IPO pipeline continues to fill up. There are 261 companies that have filed plans for IPOs, topping the 256 that did so in all of 2013.  There were 44 and 46 IPOs filed in March and June 2014 respectively, breaking the 40 IPOs filed barrier for the first time since 2007.
Renaissance Capital
The trouble is, the last time the IPO market ripped like it did in 2000, that was the beginning of trouble for deals and for the market. Following 2000, the number of IPOs fell off a cliff along with the stock market:
MSN Money

Springfield Town Center reopens Oct. 17. Heres what it looks like now.By Abha Bhattarai September 4 Follow @abhabhattarai
A children’s court in the center of the newly-renovated Springfield Town Center will include a library and play area. Shops such as Build-A-Bear Workshop, Gymboree and Stride Rite will be clustered nearby. (Jeffrey MacMillan/Capital Business)
With six weeks to go before its reopening, Springfield Town Center is beginning to look a lot like, well, a shopping mall.
The walls at Victoria’s Secret have been wallpapered pink and dozens of overhead lights have been installed at H&M. Chandeliers hang from the ceiling as workers mop the floors of the 1.3 million square-foot shopping center.
Save for some bells and whistles — a glass-enclosed fireplace in the food court, a movie theater with reclining seats, and two childrens’ play areas — the mall is largely still that: A suburban shopping mall.
There are a handful of new-fangled brands, including TopShop , the British fashion retailer, which picked the shopping center as the site of its first Washington area store, and Suite Blanco, a Spanish retailer making its U.S. debut at the mall. But much of the center’s line-up includes the usual suspects: Macy’s, JC Penney, Victoria’s Secret, Sunglass Hut and Build-a-Bear Workshop.
Even so, Joe Coradinio, chief executive of Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust, which owns the property, says the complex is a far cry from its troubled predecessor, Springfield Mall.
“This is a very different shopping center than it was before,” he said during a hard-hat tour with reporters this week. “The retail and the restaurants will help redefine the customer.”
Joe Coradino, chief executive of Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust, and Robert Byrne of Vornado Realty Trust lead a hard-hat tour of the new mall, which underwent a two-year, $250 million renovation.
When it opened in the 1970s , Springfield Mall was hailed as one of the region’s premier shopping centers, attracting visitors such as Princess Diana and Prince Charles.
In the decades since, the mall struggled as competitors popped up around the region. Two years ago, Vornado shuttered the shopping center completely, with plans to reinvent the complex into a town center complete with apartments and office space.
“Simply put, we thought this was the single best redevelopment prospect in the country,” said Robert Byrne, a vice president at Vornado, which oversaw the renovations.
The mall’s reopening Oct. 17 marks the completion of the first phase of development in a decade-long project.
The hope, developers say, is to create a hub for local residents. In addition to shopping, the mall is hoping to draw a regular stream of visitors with the addition of Lifetime Fitness, a 12-screen movie theater and a number of restaurants, includings Chuy’s, Yard House and Maggiano’s, with patio seating.
A glass-enclosed fireplace separates the indoor-outdoor food court. (Jeffrey MacMillan/Capital Business)
Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust, which is based in Philadelphia, recently purchased Springfield Town Center from Vornado Realty Trust for $465 million. (Paramus, N.J.-based Vornado is making a broader effort to sell off shopping malls. Last month, the company announced a deal to sell The Shops at Georgetown Park for $272.5 million.)
In addition to Macy’s, Springfield Town Center is anchored by Target and JC Penney, and so-called “junior” anchors include Nordstrom Rack and Dick’s Sporting Goods.
The mall will include revamped seating areas, complete with phone-charging stations, and enhanced security measures, including 122 cameras and more than 30 emergency call boxes.
“What [the new mall] symbolizes is a vibrancy and a coming back together of Springfield as the retail giant of Fairfax County,” said Jeff McKay, Fairfax County Supervisor. “We are where everything was at one point in time, and we will be where everything is again.”
Abha Bhattarai covers local banking, retail and hospitality for The Washington Post’s Capital Business section.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/capitalbusiness, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409861128/1409861128000/1409861128 tracking: {authors=Abha Bhattarai, blog_name=digger, content_category=Business/capitalbusiness, in_url_headline=springfield-town-center-reopens-oct-17-heres-what-it-looks-like-now, post_id=1719, section={section=business/capitalbusiness, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 8:05:28 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 8:05:28 PM

Down again! How low can Apple s stock goEMAIL
AP
Apple (AAPL) shares got hit again Thursday following their colossal drubbing Wednesday . The question now is: How low can Apple shares go.
Shares of Apple closed down 81 cents, or 0.8%, to $98.12 in late-day trading Thursday as investors cool off from a remarkable bull run this year. Concerns about reports of security issues connected with iPhones and Apple’s cloud service and worries Apple being leapfrogged in smartphone innovation and value are hurting the stock. The stock is now down 5% from its high of $103.30 notched on Sept. 1. That might not sound like much, but given Apple’s size, the three-day decline has erased $31.0 billion in investor value. That’s greater than the value of more than half the stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500.
Some of these worries may prove unfounded, something investors won’t know for sure until Apple unveils its rumored new products in a conference next week. And analysts remain overall positive on the stock.
But, when a high-profile stock starts falling like this, investors starting wondering about the bottom. Trying to predict the future of stocks as volatile as Apple’s is a perilous business. But there are a few guidelines that can offer at least some parameters for investors to think about when it comes Apple on the severe downside:
* $57.44. Yep, you read that number right. It might seem like an outlandish figure given where the stock is now. But the fact is, falling to $57.44 would simply be following the same pattern the last time Apple’s stock got this high and cracked. Apple’s stock last peaked at $100.30 on Sept. 19, 2012 on a split-adjusted basis. At the time, some investors were so bullish on Apple they were thought it was the only stock they needed. How wrong they were. Shares of Apple crashed 44.4% until hitting a bottom of $55.79 on June 20, 2013. Following the same decline from the high of $103.30 on Sept. 2, 2014, that would put Apple at $57.44.
Don’t believe this actually can happen? Here’s the chart to proof that it did:
Chart source: MSN Money
* $89.47. Valuation matters when it comes to stocks. And valuation is often considered in comparison to peers. Investors are paying an average of 13.1 cents for every dollar expected to be earned over the next 12 months for the six most valuable publicly traded U.S. stocks in the technology hardware, storage and peripherals industry group, says S&P Capital IQ. Applying that valuation to Apple’s expected adjusted earnings of $6.83 over the next twelve months gets you to a price of $89.47.
Below are the P-E ratios on the six most-valuable stocks in the technology hardware, storage and peripherals industry group:
Company

Bras dont cause cancer. End of storyBy Lenny Bernstein September 5 Follow @LennyMBernstein
It seems almost preposterous that a study like this one had to be conducted and a blog post like this one has to be written. But apparently the belief that wearing a bra for long periods of time can cause breast cancer persists, and it turns out the issue hadn't really been studied in scientific fashion. Until now, there has been just one academic look at this myth, back in 1991, and it was quite limited.
But a new and rigorous examination of the issue concludes that "no aspect of bra wearing, including bra cup size, recency, average number of hours [per]day worn, wearing a bra with an underwire, or age first began regularly wearing a bra, was associated with risks of either [invasive ductal carcinoma] or [invasive lobular carcinoma]  breast cancer."
The study by researchers at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle was conducted because "we saw those rumors on the Internet and we had the data to examine this in a scientific way," said Lu Chen, a researcher at the facility and a doctoral student at the University of Washington department of epidemiology, who led the team. It compared 454 women post-menopausal women with invasive ductal carcinoma and 590 women with invasive lobular carcinoma diagnosed between 2000 and 2004 with 469 women who did not have cancer. The women, who were 55 to 74 years old, were asked about their bra-wearing habits as part of a much larger examination of breast cancer risk factors funded by the National Cancer Institute.
The reasoning behind the cancer myth is that a bra, particularly one with underwire, somehow blocks the flow of lymph to an area beneath the armpit where bacteria and other waste products would normally be cleared from around the breast. It's not clear how it began, but many note a 1995 book "Dressed to Kill" which pointed out an association between lower breast cancer rates in societies where women don't wear bras and higher rates in cultures where they do. It did not examine other possible explanations.
"This is a common confusion," said Chen. "They see two things happening at the same time and they think one causes the other."
The 1991 study found that women who go braless had fewer breast cancers, but the difference wasn't statistically significant. And the researchers suggested that the correlation might be because those women are leaner; obesity is a known risk factor for breast cancer.
Chen suggested that the lack of research since then is probably because the idea of bras causing cancer "seemed so implausible, so people didn’t look at it." When she finally did, her research was able to establish that there is no connection.
"It was one of the myths going around on the Internet," she said. "But this notion has no scientific basis."
Lenny Bernstein writes the To Your Health blog. He started as an editor on the Post’s National Desk in 2000 and has worked in Metro and Sports.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national/health-science, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409889943/1409889943000/1409889943 tracking: {authors=Lenny Bernstein, blog_name=to-your-health, content_category=National/health-science, in_url_headline=once-and-for-all-bras-dont-cause-breast-cancer, post_id=4695, section={section=national/health-science, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 4:05:43 AM close date: Sep 19, 2014 4:05:43 AM

Jyoti bags hydro power order worth Rs 4.23 bnJyoti bags hydro power order worth Rs 4.23 bn
Maruti Suzuki Ciaz revealed: Price starts Rs 7L  launch on Oct 10Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Rupee to stagnate on dollar rally; yuan to rise slowly: pollReuters |  Bangalore Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 03:01 PM IST
Rupee to stagnate on dollar rally; yuan to rise slowly: poll
The rupee will likely stagnate over the next year as a U.S. dollar rally gathers steam and the Indian economy at best chugs along, while the Chinese yuan will probably appreciate a little, a Reuters poll found.
The rupee will likely stagnate over the next year as a US dollar rally gathers steam and the Indian economy at best chugs along, while the Chinese yuan will probably appreciate a little, a Reuters poll found.
The poll of more than 30 currency strategists, conducted this week, predicted one US dollar will fetch Rs 60.50 in a month, Rs 60.30 in six months and Rs 60.82 in a year. The dollar was trading around 60.43 on Friday.
Those predictions are a little more bearish than those in the August survey and come despite the rupee rising over 2% and the stock market rallying 28% since the start of this year.
"India enjoyed a steady stream of bond inflows in August, almost bursting the foreign investment limit of $25 billion," said Sook Mei Leong, ASEAN head of market research at BTMU in Singapore.
The European Central Bank on Thursday launched a stimulus programme to buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds in the latest attempt to revive the flagging euro zone economy and boost inflation.
Past experience shows that much of this money may eventually flow into emerging markets that offer a better return than the sub one percent yield of benchmark German bunds.
But with rising treasury yields in the US, inflows into Indian markets could be smaller this time around as investors flock to America's bond markets.
"Looking ahead towards year-end, portfolio inflows may taper especially with US monetary accommodation ending soon, though it is unlikely to be as negative as that seen last year," Leong added.
From a year earlier, the Indian economy grew 5.7% in the quarter ended June, a 2-1/2 year high, breaking above a dominant sub-five percent trend seen in the past two years.
Still, unmet lofty expectations of reforms from the new government have tempered the jubilant optimism that followed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's election victory in May.
While economists are still hopeful the economy is gaining momentum, they agree it would take longer than earlier expected to return to near double-digit growth rate.
Also tempering the rupee's prospects is the US dollar, as a long-anticipated rally is finally taking hold.
The dollar, as measured against a basket of currencies, has gained almost 5% since the start of the year on expectations the Federal Reserve will end its stimulus next month. Economists polled by Reuters expect the first rate hike in Q2 2015.
YUAN TO STRENGTHEN
China's yuan is expected to slowly strengthen over the next 12 months after a sharp slide early this year, as markets expect the country's central bank to be comfortable with a stronger currency as the economy recovers.
According to the Reuters poll, the currency is expected to change hands at 6.15 yuan a US dollar in one month, then 6.12 yuan in six months and 6.06 yuan in a year.
On Friday, the People's Bank of China set the midpoint rate at 6.1707 per dollar, down 0.07% from the previous fix, reflecting the sharp rise of the US index on Thursday.
The spot rate was around 6.14 to the dollar on Friday. The yuan is allowed to trade 2% above or below the daily midpoint.
Recent data from China has sent conflicting signs about the health of the economy.
The economy grew at a faster pace in the April-June quarter, while purchasing manager surveys showed factory activity pulled back sharply in August.
"In many ways, the Chinese currency appears to be trading in its own little world, separated from economics even though many questions linger," said Leong of BTMU. "Perhaps the main worry is over the property sector."
Trade data for August, due on Monday, should throw some light on the health of exports although economists expect a slight moderation in the trade surplus to $40 billion, down from July's $47.3 billion.
 Advertisements

Independence will be in jeopardy if parties place creed above country  says PranabIndependence will be in jeopardy if parties place creed above country, says Pranab
Our Bureau
Remembering Dr BR Ambedkar President Pranab Mukherjee pays tribute to the architect of India’s Constitution in New Delhi on Thursday. PTI
New Delhi, September 4:  
Amid the rising chorus of ‘Hindu’ being the cultural identity of all Indians, President Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday quoted BR Ambedkar to underline that “it is wrong for the majority to deny the existence of minorities”.
Delivering the BR Ambedkar Memorial Lecture on “Vision of India in 21st Cenury, as Envisaged by Dr Ambedkar”, the President emphasised the nation’s cultural and religious diversity. The Constitution guarantees equal rights to all citizens and prohibits discrimination of all kinds in social relations, he pointed out.
The lecture was organised by the Ambedkar Foundation under the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment.
“Dr Ambedkar believed that protection of minorities and their religion was of paramount importance. Thus, the Constitution gives each person the freedom of faith, religion and worship and gives the minorities freedom to manage their religious affairs. Dr Ambedkar justified such protection on the following grounds: ‘It is wrong for the majority to deny the existence of minorities. It is equally wrong for the minorities to perpetuate themselves. A solution must be found which will serve a double purpose. It must recognise the existence of minorities to start with’,” the President said.
Significantly, the President said Ambedkar had warned that if parties place “creed above country”, India’s independence will be in jeopardy.
“Let me conclude recalling Dr Ambedkar’s words from his address to the Constituent Assembly on November 25, 1949 — “In addition to our old enemies in the form of castes and creeds, we are going to have many political parties with diverse and opposing political creeds. Will Indians place the country above their creed or will they place creed above country? I do not know. But this much is certain that if the parties place creed above country, our independence will be put in jeopardy a second time and probably be lost forever,” said the President.
Raging controversy
Mukherjee’s emphasis on this aspect of Ambedkar’s vision for India was made in the wake of a raging controversy over RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat’s statement, “If inhabitants of England are English, Germany are Germans and USA are Americans then why all inhabitants of Hindustan are not known as Hindus?” The statement was apparently endorsed by Minority Affairs Minister Najma Heptullah.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

India needs more competent teachers: President Pranab MukherjeePress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 4:08 pm
Noting that India faces a big challenge to improve the quality of teaching and learning outcomes in schools, President Pranab Mukherjee on Friday said the nation needs more competent and willing teachers to achieve these objectives.
Teachers should imbibe in students the values of tolerance, secularism and inclusiveness to make the world a safer and better place to live in, he said addressing the National Teachers Awards function here coinciding with Teachers’ Day.
“India today needs many more competent and willing teachers to dedicate themselves to improving the standard and quality of education being currently imparted.
“Teachers have a vital role to play in the process of upgrading the quality of education which is a direct consequence and outcome of the quality of teachers,” he said.
Observing that a robust and quality-oriented education system is the force multiplier to transform India, he said the country was investing substantially in the education system and has allocated Rs 29,000 crore for Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan and another Rs 5000 crore for Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan.
Other important initiatives include launching of a school assessment programme and the Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme for imparting new training tools and motivating teachers, he said.
He also asked the teachers to keep pace with rapidly changing technologies and pointed to recent budget where allocations were made for setting up virtual classrooms as communication linked interface for cultivating knowledge and online courses.
Mukherjee said the mentoring of teachers should be such that it transforms children into capable, knowledgeable and worthy global citizens.
“The world today faces challenges of violence, terrorism, intolerance and environmental degradation. The values of truth, tolerance, integrity, secularism and inclusiveness need to be imparted to our children to make the world a safer and
better place to live in.
“Dear Teachers, please remember that your mentoring and your way of educating our children must be such that it transforms them into capable, knowledgeable and worthy global citizens,” he said.
In all, 357 teachers from across the country were presented the national awards by the President in recognition of their contribution to the field of education.
The President said the difference an outstanding teacher makes to the learning process is central to the spirit of inquiry that needs to be kindled in young minds.
“The big challenge that we in India today face is to improve the quality of teaching and learning outcomes in our schools. This cannot be done without upgrading the skill and knowledge quotient of our teachers and without involving them fully as equal partners in the nation’s progress,” he said.
He said while the government was aware of the working condition of teachers, substantial improvements in salary scales have taken place over time.
Construction of proper school buildings with toilets and drinking water have also been carried out.
Regular up-gradation programmes for teachers, in-service training and at-hand academic support systems have also been instituted across the length and breadth of our country.
“These constitute welcome steps and are part of an ongoing process aimed at making the work environment for our teachers positive and encouraging,” continued…

Microsoft launches Nokia X2 in India for Rs ...You are here: Home > Collections > Apps
Microsoft launches Nokia X2 in India for Rs 8,699
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 05.40PM IST
Tags:
android
(It has four devices Nokia…)
NEW DELHI: Beefing up its budget smartphone portfolio, Microsoft Devices today launched Nokia X2, priced at Rs 8,699, in India to compete more aggressively with the likes of Samsung as well as homegrown firms like Micromax.
The Nokia X2 was unveiled globally in June as a successor to its Android-centred Nokia X handsets.
Nokia X2 is representative of the evolution of the Nokia X family, delivering an enhanced experience across user interface, hardware and apps, Microsoft said in a statement.
In February this year, Nokia had announced the 'Nokia X' family of affordable smartphones, running Google's Android apps, at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona .
It has four devices Nokia X, Nokia X+, Nokia XL and Nokia X2 -- under the Nokia X range. Microsoft also sells Asha and Lumia range of smartphones.
With a 1.2GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor on-board, the dual SIM handset will have a 4.3-inch ClearBlack display, 1GB RAM, 5MP rear and VGA front camera and 1,800 mAh battery.
Besides supporting Microsoft apps like Skype and Outlook, the handset will offer 15GB of free cloud storage on OneDrive.
"The enhancements on the Nokia X2 lead to a richer, faster and easier experience designed to introduce the 'next billion' people to the mobile Internet and cloud services," Nokia India Sales (a subsidiary of Microsoft Mobile Oy ) Head Mobile Phones Sari Harju said.
Microsoft Devices operates the handset business acquired from Nokia earlier this year for over $ 7.2 billion.
The roadmap ahead for the Nokia X family is, however, not clear.
Microsoft, in July, had said it plans to shift select products from the Android-powered range to Windows platform as it beefs up the affordable Lumia range.
The sub-Rs 10,000 smartphone category is a fiercely competed segment with international as well as homegrown players such as Micromax, Karbonn and Lava vying for a larger chunk of the market.
Microsoft estimates the affordable mobile devices market to be a "$ 50-billion annual opportunity".
According to analysts, India is the fastest growing smartphone market globally with over 44 million smartphones sold last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Blackbuck case: Law is equal for all  cant grant any urgent relief  SC tells SalmanKhanPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 6:05 pm
The Supreme Court on Friday was critical of the relief granted to Bollywood star Salman Khan by the Rajasthan High Court staying his conviction in the 1998 black buck poaching case.
“You may have good case for suspension of sentence but not for conviction,” the bench comprising by Justice S J Mukhopadhaya and P C Pant observed.
“Let equal law apply to everyone. There should be no discrimination vis-a-vis convicts,” the bench further said.
It clarified that conviction stayed means that the hearing involves re-appreciation of the evidence.
The remarks were made during the hearing of the petition filed by Rajasthan government challenging the stay granted by the High Court on his conviction in the case.
The bench posted the matter for final hearing on October 28.
The observations assumes importance as the “Dabangg” star in his affidavit filed on August 27 has told the apex court that he has always been treated as an ordinary citizen by courts and never been given any special privilege.
He has sought to justify the Rajasthan High Court order staying his conviction in the black buck hunting case and dismissal of appeal filed by state government against the decision.
Khan has submitted that he has been one of the highest tax payers and the high court stayed his conviction to enable him to go abroad for his professional engagement which brings in foreign exchange in the country.
The 48-year-old actor had opposed the stand taken by Rajasthan government which had submitted that the high court had granted special privileges to him by staying his conviction in which he was sentenced by a trial court to undergo five-year jail term.
On July 9, the apex court had issued notice to Khan on a plea by Rajasthan government challenging the high court decision.
The state government had approached the apex court against the Rajasthan High Court order of November 12 last year, staying his 2006 conviction in the case and paving way for him to apply for a British visa.

Sahara chief seeks 10 more days to sell prop...Sahara chief seeks 15 more days from Supreme Court to sell properties
ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 02.14AM IST
Tags:
S Ganesh
(The court said that it will…)
NEW DELHI: The Sultan of Brunei's support for anti-gay laws may have delayed Subrata Roy's plans to get out of jail. After news leaked that the Sultan was interested in buying Sahara's hotels in London and New York, there were protests in the British capital and elsewhere over Brunei's anti-gay stance that prevented a deal from taking place, the group told the Supreme Court on Friday.
For that reason, Sahara said it wanted another 15 days for its jailed chief Subrata Roy to strike deals to raise the Rs 10,000 crore needed to set him free. The amount has been stipulated by the Supreme Court, which has allowed Roy and his team to use a conference facility in Tihat jail to conduct negotiations. An application seeking the extension was mentioned by Sahara lawyer MS Ganesh before a bench led by justice TS Thakur.
Sahara has meanwhile approached other interested parties for a possible sale of the three properties—Grosvenor House in London and the Plaza and Dream hotels in New York.
Thakur indicated he would hear the plea on Monday if other judges on the bench were available. Roy's stay in the conference complex is set to end on September 9 after one extension. The court told Sahara last time that it shouldn't seek a second extension for Roy. The Sahara boss was remanded to jail for failing to pay Rs 24000 crore by way of dues.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Proof That You Have Every Right To Demand A Raise  In 1 Chartreddit
If you ever get to wondering why roughly half of America thinks we're still in a recession five years into the recovery, and after one of the longest stock-market rallies in history, just look at this chart:
This is a chart of how much of the corporate-income pie that workers get for themselves in wages and benefits. It was made by the Economic Policy Institute , a think tank focused on labor issues. That share hit a peak of nearly 84 percent right around the turn of the millennium. It is currently at about 74 percent, near its lowest point since 1950.
The chart says pretty much everything about how ridiculously uneven this "recovery" has been. It exposes how most of the benefit of the recovery has gone to employers, not employees. Corporate profits have hit record highs , and so have stock prices . Wages have stagnated , meanwhile, and low-wage jobs have accounted for most of the job growth in the recovery.
This isn't just happening in the U.S. -- it's a problem around the world . It's partly due to technological advances, partly due to jobs being shipped to where labor is the absolute cheapest, and partly due to policies designed to shovel more income to the top 1 percent, to name a few. The end result is that more wealth keeps flowing to the owners of capital, rather than to labor, just as French economist Thomas Piketty warned us .
These trends have made income inequality grow wider and widespread economic hopelessness grow deeper. That sets us up for more economic trouble ahead.
Thousands of low-wage workers are protesting today for better pay, benefits and working conditions. They're risking jail to do it. This chart is a reminder that their cause is no joke.
More:

GVK  Infibeam tie up for guest services at Mumbai airportHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GVK, Infibeam tie up for guest services at Mumbai airport
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Sept 5:  
Infibeam, leading e-commerce technology solution provider, on Friday announced that it has successfully implemented ticketing reservation platform for Pranaam GVK Guest Services at Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport (CSIA), Mumbai.
Pranaam GVK Guest Services is a meet-and-assist service, being provided by the Mumbai International Airport Pvt. Ltd. (MIAL) at CSIA. MIAL has selected Infibeam’s travel and ticketing platform to host and manage automation for this service, primarily focused on enhancing passenger experience, and ensure seamless and stress-free travel through Mumbai airport.
Pranaam is first of its kind implementation in India and offers travel services through CSI airport to customers worldwide. It offers passengers an array of services including lounge access, dedicated porter for check-in baggage assistance and by Pranaam officers’ assistance for guests arriving, departing or transiting through CSIA. It is primarily designed to provide passengers with the highest standard of services and ensure a unique and memorable experience as they travel, said Rekha Nair, Head - Airport Services, MIAL.
GVK has developed both the CSIA, Mumbai, and Kempegowda International Airport, Bengaluru, and is also developing two airports in Indonesia.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

SMERA Ratingsannounces new evaluation productHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
SMERA Ratings announces new evaluation product
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept. 5:  
SMERA Ratings on Friday announced its new evaluation product for grading non-governmental organisations (NGOs) to improve their visibility.
The product is a comprehensive assessment of key risk factors affecting the sustainability and operational viability of the NGO from an independent third party perspective. The evaluation is aimed at improving the visibility for NGOs and enabling decision making for the donor and stakeholder community, SMERA Ratings said in a statement.
The pricing of our grading product is in the range of Rs 35,000 to 50,000 per grading, which lasts for 1 year and can be revisited later, said Sankar Chakraborti, CEO of SMERA Ratings.
He added, “Despite the critical role played by these institutions, the NGO sector remains fragmented and suffers from lack of resources on account of lower visibility. There is a great need to strengthen this fragmented sector. With this aim in mind, SMERA has launched its offering for the NGO sector.”
SMERA has graded one NGO so far and is in talks with about 25 other NGOs in the pipeline.
At present, the rating agency largely rates small and medium sector enterprises.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

AirAsia launches daily flight to Jaipur  ChandigarhAirAsia launches daily flight to Jaipur, Chandigarh
PTI
Tweet
Jaipur, Sept 5:  
Low cost carrier AirAsia today started its services in northern India with the launch of daily direct flights to Jaipur and Chandigarh from Bangalore.
AirAsia India CEO, Mittu Chandilya, who was here on the Bangalore—Jaipur launch flight, said both the cities have great potential to expand and hence the airline has set aggressive targets and beginning of flights to the two new routes was a part of the business strategy.
“The cities have good potential for business. Tourism is high in Jaipur. The initial response is good and we hope to get a good passenger load,” Chandilya said here.
He said that the airline was focusing on smaller cities which have good population and infrastructure to expand its network.
“We are in conversation with the government in Rajasthan to plan flight to other cities including Udaipur,” he added.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

RBI to hold rates on Sept 30; may cut in Feb: BofA-MLApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Police foil attempts by four AP young men to join ISISrankPrint
Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: September 5, 2014 6:32 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 8:20 pm
An alleged attempt by a group of four young men from the city to join the rank of ISIS , a Sunni jihadist group, has been foiled by the Hyderabad Police.
The four, including two engineering students (all aged between 23 and 25), were tracked down to Kolkata last week from where they were allegedly preparing to flee to Iraq, a senior police officer told PTI on Friday.
The youths were “attracted” by the ISIS propaganda on social networking sites and net-based mobile messenger, he claimed.
“However, it were the parents who got “suspicious” about their children and got in touch with the City Police, who in turn picked them up from Kolkata last week based on their parents’ information,” the police officer said.
Also Read:  Al-Qaeda declares new front to wage war on India, calls for jihad in the subcontinent
The youths were then counselled and sent back to their parents, he added.
Reacting to a query, the officer further said the four youngsters were not in touch with ISIS operatives or vice-versa and it was only through social networking platforms that they were drawn to ISIS.

Vaishnodevi Yatra suspended on second consecutivedayPress Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 5, 2014 6:29 pm
Yatra to Mata Vaishnodevi cave shrine has been suspended for second consecutive day on Friday in view of heavy rains in Jammu and Kashmir as authorities said the pilgrimage would be resumed only after the weather improves.
“Yatra to cave shrine remained suspended for second day on Friday in view of bad weather conditions”, officials of Shri Mata Vaishnodevi Shrine Board (SMVSB) said.
Keeping in view the safety of pilgrims in the wake of incessant torrential rainfall and also considering the weather forecast, yatra to Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine from Katra has been temporarily suspended till further notice, a spokesman of Board said.
The Yatra was temporarily suspended from 4.00 PM onwards on Thursday in view of heavy rain in the state.
“Yatra to the Holy Cave Shrine of Shri Mata Vaishno Deviji from Katra onwards continues to remain under suspension on Friday also keeping in view the safety of pilgrims in the wake of continuing rains and the closure of the track due to landslides at various places”, he added.
Dr Mandeep K Bhandari, Chief Executive Officer, SMVSB, said in Jummu on Friday that the decision about resumption of the Yatra will be taken only after the weather improves and, as such, advised the intending pilgrims to replan their schedule for undertaking the pilgrimage accordingly.
There were three more landslides on track to the cave shrine on Friday due to heavy rains as authorities braving the heavy rains and bad weather conditions are working to clear the track, officials said.
Over 4000 pilgrims, who were stranded at Bhawan and other places have been shifted to safer places.
On Thursday, three pilgrims, who were on their way to Bhawan for paying obeisance, were hit by a landslide and shooting stones near Adhkuwari on the track, resulting in injuries to them. They were later hospitalised, officials said.

US jobs setback halts euro slideLast updated: September 5, 2014 9:22 pm
Wall Street shrugs off soft payrolls data
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a5bbdb2-34af-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stock futures cut losses after jobs dataBad news on August job creation not-so-bad news for stocks
By: Adam Shell September 5, 2014 8:48 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on September 2, 2014. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images) ORG XMIT: 510385307 ORIG FILE ID: 454498262
It may not make much sense to Main Street investors, but the big disappointment on August employment — only 142,000 new jobs were created, far below the roughly 220,000 economists expected — could actually be good news for stock investors.
The reason: The weaker-than-expected August jobs number will likely be interpreted by Wall Street as a sign that the labor market isn’t as strong as the previous string of six months in a row of 200,000-plus jobs suggested, confirming the concerns of Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen.
The kneejerk reaction on Wall Street, where stock futures jumped sharply to the upside minutes after the data was released, is that the first rate hike from the Federal Reserve may now not come as early in 2015 as feared. A mid-year rate hike is what Wall Street is expecting, but it has feared hikes starting earlier in the year.
“The report is a remarkable disappointment as a headline number, especially after receiving such promising macro data over the summer,” says Todd Schoenberger, president at J. Streicher Asset Management. “Oddly enough, though, this flat figure may still bode well for investor’s portfolios because it should force the Fed to take a breather with its ‘increase-in-interest-rate’ chant, which will push equity valuations higher.  The data should help continue the markets upward trajectory today, and throughout the rest of the quarter.”
Take a look at the pre-market reaction in the stock market before and after the release of the employment report.
Index        Before report      10 min. after report
Dow          -55 pts.                Flat
S&P 500  -7.50 pts.             +0.25
Source: USA TODAY research
In late afternoon trading, both indexes were sporting even stronger rebounds. At 2:20 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 47 points, or 0.3%, to 17,117. And the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index was 6.55 points higher, or 0.3%, at 2004.20. If the S&P 500 can hold that level, it will mark a new record closing high, eclipsing its Aug. 20 closing peak of 2003.37.
Heading into the August jobs report, Wall Street was worried that a strong report would suggest the Fed needed to move sooner, says Kate Warne, investment strategist at Edward Jones. The takeaway from the “highly disappointing” number, she says, is that the “Fed is likely to consider this as a reason to stay with current policy, which is reassuring to investors.”
Still, Warne says investors should not focus on just one month’s data, but instead look at longer averages, such as the average jobs created over the past three months, which still remains north of 200,000. (August was the first month since January in which the economy did not generate more than 200,000 new jobs.)
Warne adds that she would not be surprised if the weak August jobs number, which caught Wall Street off guard, gets revised upward when the government reports the September jobs number in early October. “All of the other recent economic indicators,” she says, “suggest strength in the job market.”
There is precedent for upward revisions to the August jobs report. Back in 2011, the initial estimate for the number of jobs created in August was zero, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ initial report released in September 2011. However, that number was revised up to plus 57,000 jobs in the first revision announced in October 2011 and then to 104,000 jobs in the second revision released in November 2011.
Today’s report makes it likely the Fed is unlikely to take a less-market friendly stance at its two-day meeting in Sept. 16 and 17, says Michael Gapen, an economist at Barclays.
“This report,” he says, “will likely reduce the probability that the Fed takes an abrupt change in tone in September to a more hawkish policy stance, and we continue to see longer-term economic trends as consistent with a June 2015 rate hike.”

PNB challenges HC order allowing lawyers to represent KingfisherPNB challenges HC order allowing lawyers to represent Kingfisher
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has challenged a Delhi High Court order allowing lawyers to represent Kingfisher Airlines in proceedings initiated by the bank to decide whether the grounded carrier and its regulators are wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues.
PNB in its plea has sought setting aside of the High Court’s August 28 order which had also stayed the bank’s notice to the extent it threatened to hold the airlines and its guarantors United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd (UBHL) and Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulters in the event of no reply within seven days from August 21.
The court had said the operation of the default notice would not come into effect as PNB will have to give to the airline, within a week from August 28, the documents relied upon by it and Kingfisher was given two weeks time thereafter to respond.
In its appeal PNB said the airline had not disclosed that a similar plea of the carrier, against United Bank of India, was dismissed by a division Bench of the Calcutta High Court on July 16.
It has also submitted that the airline’s appeal against the Calcutta High Court’s decision was dismissed by the Supreme Court on September 2.
“Set aside the impugned judgment and order dated August 28, 2014 passed by the single judge of the High Court,” the bank’s petition has prayed.
The Delhi High Court in its August 28 order had held as “unacceptable” the bank’s reasons for not allowing the airlines to be represented by lawyers in the proceedings initiated to decide whether the grounded carrier is a wilful defaulter for non-payment of dues and directed that two advocates be allowed to represent Kingfisher.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Teachers Day: Educating girls is my priority  taskmaster Narendra Modi tells schoolchildrenSchool students watching Prime Minister Narendra Modi address being projected on big screen on the occasion of Teachers' Day. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 6:56 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 10:31 pm
In his first expansive mass interaction since coming to power at the Centre, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday reached out to millions of young students and future voters on Teachers’ Day , in an interaction laced with personal anecdotes, social messages and political undertones.
The nearly two-hour-long exchange, comprising his speech followed by questions from students present at the Manekshaw Centre as well as from those watching the live telecast across the country, saw the Prime Minister touch upon a range of issues, from climate change, to girls’ education, sanitation, importance of technology, skill development, power conservation and the need for students to develop reading habits, besides talking about his own personal experiences.
If he had used the Independence Day platform to reach out to parents, Modi took this opportunity to cater to a fresh constituency — students, talking to them in an easy-to-relate language, while keeping his speech short so as to devote more time to the interactive part of the afternoon.
Terming himself a “hard taskmaster”, in response to a question, Modi said he believed in making people work hard, while working harder himself. On being asked about his transition from “Gandhinagar to Delhi”, the Prime Minister said not much had changed. “I do not think there is much change. Yes, I have to work as hard, perhaps rise earlier. Also have to be more conscious with words… Having experienced the tenure of a Chief Minister in Gujarat, I see no difference in my working style,” he said. On a philosophical note, he added he was still unable to understand who he really was.
The political messages during his interaction, though subtle, were equally powerful. When asked by a student how he could become the future Prime Minister of the country, Modi advised him to start preparing for the 2024 Lok Sabha elections, while adding this meant there was “no threat” to him till then.
“Politics is not a profession, it should be treated as a service…The people of India are my family,” he said in response to another question. Claiming he had never fought an election in school even to be the class monitor, Modi said he had never thought he would occupy this position one day.
In another personal message, he told students that education, teachers and his values, along with his experiences, had been his greatest teachers. His statement that he was naughty and mischievous as a student, illustrated through an continued…
Yes I am a taskmaster and it is not that I myself do not work and take work from others.

Wall Street opens flat after weak payroll reportWall Street ends lower as Apple falls, bond yields rise
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
NASDAQ NYSE Euronext, Inc. Financial Markets The Home Depot
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday as Apple  shares declined and as bond yields hit their highest in a month on concerns the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates sooner than some investors had expected.
All 10 S&P 500 sectors ended lower. Apple shares, which jumped as much as 4.8 percent earlier in the session after the company unveiled a smartwatch, ended down 0.4 percent at $97.99. Apple also announced two larger iPhones.
Benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note yields rose to 2.5 percent.
Apart from geopolitical concerns, investors are becoming increasingly worried about the global economy, and especially Europe, weakening again. ( Gail MarksJarvis )
Sectors with high-dividend paying stocks including utilities were among the day's weakest. The utilities sector <.SPLRCU> and telecommunications <.SPLRCL> each fell 1.2 percent.
Improving U.S. economic conditions may force the Federal Reserve "to tighten sooner rather than later," said Doug Cote, chief market strategist with Voya Investment Management in New York.
"Rising rates are an immediate discount for financial assets, including equities," he said.
8
Shares of Home Depot  fell 2.1 percent, a day after the company confirmed its payment security system had been breached.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> declined 97.55 points or 0.57 percent, to 17,013.87, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 13.1 points or 0.65 percent, to 1,988.44 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 40.00 points or 0.87 percent, to 4,552.29.
About 5.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 5.5 billion average for the last five days, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
The Fed supposedly owns 1/4 of ALL stocks. Anybody who still thinks investing in the stock market, and the dollar is getting stronger, is an idiot.
Jackie Puppet
90
In the options market, Apple options volume rose to a record daily volume of 2.97 million contracts traded, according to Henry Schwartz, president of options analytics firm Trade Alert. Contract volume was about three times normal and calls led puts by a ratio of 2.1:1, according to Trade Alert data.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Pulse Electronics , which was rising 53.47 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was Usec , down 18.05 percent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Brazil's Petrobras , down 2.83 percent to $17.83 and Pfizer , down 0.58 percent at $29.23.
Besides Apple, Yahoo , down 2.5 percent at $40.78, and Microsoft , up 0.6 percent to $46.76 were among the most actively traded on Nasdaq.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,338 to 698, for a 3.35-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,046 issues were falling and 637 advancing for a 3.21-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The broad S&P 500 index was posting 17 new 52-week highs and five new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 56 new highs and 58 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; Editing by Nick Zieminski, Chris Reese and Meredith Mazzilli)

The Job Market s Hot Streak Just SnappedYou're going to have to keep waiting in line.
Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
It's all over, folks. Payrolls grew by just 142,000 in August, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, well below expectations . Previously, the economy had added at least 200,000 jobs for six months straight , something that hadn't happened since 1997. The streak was nice while it lasted.
Meanwhile, the unemployment rate (6.1 percent) and labor force participation rate (62.8 percent) barely changed. On the bright side, average hourly earnings are up 2.1 percent for the year. 
Advertisement
It's always important to take the long view on the jobs report, which will be revised in the coming months—though probably not enough to put August over the 200,000 mark. But that view is pretty dull. The three-month rolling average of job creation has fallen back into the same range it's been hovering around for roughly the past two years. It's the same old story, plodding along.
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

No climate change  says PMNo climate change  says PM
Teacher s Day - Tiger Shroff pays tribute to MJTeacher s Day - Tiger Shroff pays tribute to MJ
Sukhbir sets Mar 2015 deadline for completion of BRTS projectSukhbir sets Mar 2015 deadline for completion of BRTS project
Talks on resolving Ukraine crisis begin in MinskTalks on resolving Ukraine crisis begin in Minsk
Efforts on to resolve  work to rule  notice from workers: CILEfforts on to resolve  work to rule  notice from workers: CIL
KCR looks at striking a rapport with PM ModiBS Reporter |  Hyderabad Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 08:50 PM IST
KCR looks at striking  rapport with PM Modi
Will invite PM to Hyderabad to address 11th Metropolis World Congress being held in Hyderabad from Oct 7
Telangana chief minister K Chandrasekhara Rao is meeting Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday to pursue matters that were mostly discussed with him during his first official visit to Delhi on June 7.
He would also formally invite the Prime Minister to Hyderabad to address the 11th Metropolis World Congress being held here from October 7, according to CMO officials.
The chief minister’s officials convened a series of meetings to finalise the list of issues, including additional power to the state as well as the 4,000-mw power project promised by the Centre, and tax incentives for the industry in the backward regions to be discussed with the Prime Minister.
However, the issue of granting power to the Governor over the law and order machinery in Hyderabad is unlikely to come up for any discussion, according to the officials. It may be recalled that KCR had accused the Centre of encroaching upon the powers of the state after the home ministry wrote a letter reiterating its position in this regard.
He is rather expected to utilise this meeting to strike a rapport with the Prime Minister and to extract assurances regarding the Centre’s help on issues of development for the new state of Telangana.
A change in stance with the Centre came after a patch-up meeting held last month between him and AP chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu at the behest of Governor ESL Narasimhan. The meeting was aimed at pacifying both the leaders from fighting on issues that had a spillover effect on the Centre in dealing with the two states.
KCR’s meeting also comes in the light of comments made by some of the Union ministers, who said the Telangana chief minister was too busy to talk to the Centre to get things done for his state unlike the AP chief minister. It may be recalled that  KCR had submitted a list of 14 demands, including national status for the Pranahita-Chevella lift irrigation project.
 Advertisements

PM to review progress of Aadhaar tomorrowBSE 27079.85(-185.47)
NSE 8089.00(-63.95)
SELECT      autono,      section1,      datetime,      heading,      authorname,      subheading,      content,      location,      thumbimg,      bigimg     FROM      newbsdata_api     WHERE      autono = 114090501001
Pti stories
Press Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 06:45 PM IST
PM to review progress of Aadhaar tomorrow
He wants to have a re-look at the progress of the project, particularly in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called a meeting tomorrow to take stock of progress in Aadhaar project, which the new government will use as a tool for its various welfare schemes including the Jan Dhan Yojana.
"Prime Minister has called a meeting of top officials to review the Aadhaar project. He wants to have a re-look at the progress of the project, particularly in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar where other schemes are facing difficulties due to low Aadhaar enrolments," sources said.
At present, 66.99 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued. In Uttar Pradesh, about 4.62 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued against a population of 19.95 crore.
In Bihar, around 1.41 crore Aadhaar numbers have been issued against a population of about 10.38 crore.
The meeting will be attended by Communications and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad among other Cabinet members, they added.
"Prime Minister wants the project to be completed as soon as possible so that it can be used for the various welfare initiatives and programmes of the government including the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana," sources said.
Under Aadhar project, UIDAI issues unique identification number to residents and collects their biometric details. These days many service providers like banks are using Aadhar as KYC detail for opening new accounts.
The previous UPA government had entrusted UIDAI, which issues unique identification numbers to residents, to start enrolments in four more states -- Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh and Uttarakhand -- in February 2014.
There are around 40 crore people in these four states, which were earlier covered under the National Population Register (NPR) project of the Home Ministry.
In the backdrop of slow progress by NPR in these states, the government is pushing for the Aadhaar enrolments in these four states and other parts of the country.
UIDAI was established in 2009 to generate and assign unique identity numbers for residents of India.
 Advertisements

PNB challenges HC order allowing Kingfisher to be representedPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 06:44 PM IST
PNB challenges HC order allowing Kingfisher to be represented
The bank has sought setting aside of the high court's August 28 order
Punjab National Bank has challenged a Delhi High Court order allowing lawyers to represent Kingfisher Airlines in proceedings initiated by the bank to decide whether the grounded carrier and its regulators are wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues.
PNB in its plea has sought setting aside of the high court's August 28 order which had also stayed the bank's notice to the extent it threatened to hold the airlines and its guarantors United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd (UBHL) and Vijay Mallya as wilful defaulters in the event of no reply within seven days from August 21.
The court had said the operation of the default notice would not come into effect as PNB will have to give to the airline, within a week from August 28, the documents relied upon by it and Kingfisher was given two weeks time thereafter to respond.
In its appeal PNB said the airline had not disclosed that a similar plea of the carrier, against United Bank of India, was dismissed by a division bench of the Calcutta High Court on July 16.
It has also submitted that the airline's appeal against the Calcutta High Court's decision was dismissed by the Supreme Court on September 2.
"Set aside the impugned judgement and order dated August 28, 2014 passed by the single judge of the high court," the bank's petition has prayed.
The Delhi High Court in its August 28 order had held as "unacceptable" the bank's reasons for not allowing the airlines to be represented by lawyers in the proceedings initiated to decide whether the grounded carrier is a wilful defaulter for non-payment of dues and directed that two advocates be allowed to represent Kingfisher.
 Advertisements

Tata Power Delhi pays Rs 125-cr dividend to shareholdersBSE 27079.85(-185.47)
NSE 8089.00(-63.95)
SELECT      autono,      section1,      datetime,      heading,      authorname,      subheading,      content,      location,      thumbimg,      bigimg     FROM      newbsdata_api     WHERE      autono = 114090501005
Companies
Press Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 06:44 PM IST
Tata Power Delhi pays Rs 125-cr dividend to shareholders
Dividend of Rs 61 crore is the highest dividend paid by the electricity distribution company to Delhi Govt till date
Tata Power Delhi Distribution has paid a dividend of about Rs 125 crore to its shareholders, the Delhi Government and Tata Power.
"The Delhi Government which holds 49% stake in the company received over Rs 61 crore as dividend, while the majority stakeholder Tata Power received close to Rs 63 crore for its entire shareholding - equity and preference shares respectively," Tata Power Delhi Distribution said in a statement.
The dividend of Rs 61 crore is the highest dividend paid by the electricity distribution company to Delhi Government till date.
Praveer Sinha, CEO & ED, TPDDL said, "Delhi government used to lose Rs 1,500-2,000 crore a year in power distribution and the annual burden could have increased to Rs 4,000 crore today."
However, Tata Power Delhi Distribution brought down its transmission and distribution losses to record low of 10.5% and has managed to become a profitable venture.
"We do have regulatory overhang of about Rs 5,000 crore and we are hopeful that the regulator will enable us to recovery as per the road map," Sinha said.
 Advertisements

Subrata Roy seeks more time to seal hotel dealsSubrata Roy seeks more time to seal hotel deals
Reuters        Last Updated: August 13, 2014  | 21:41 IST
Jailed business tycoon Subrata Roy , working from a high-tech office in prison, has requested more time to negotiate the sale of some of his luxury hotels to help to secure bail.
Mr Roy, chairman of the Sahara conglomerate, was initially given 10 days by the Supreme Court to talk to potential bidders for three hotels, including Grosvenor House in London and the New York Plaza, to raise Rs 10,000 crore for bail.
Mr Roy has been given an office with 600 sq ft of space inside New Delhi's Tihar jail complex, where he can hold video conferences, use computers and receive visitors to try to sell or mortgage the hotels.
The initial deadline for using these facilities is set to end on August 20.
Keshav Mohan, a lawyer for Sahara, told Reuters on Wednesday that a 15-day extension had been sought for continued use of the facilities in prison. "The court is likely to hear the matter tomorrow," Mohan said.
A spokesman for Sahara declined to comment on the extension request.
Mr Roy was jailed in March after he failed to appear at a contempt hearing in the long-running dispute with the capital markets watchdog over the company's failure to repay billions of dollars to investors who were sold outlawed bonds.
He has yet to be charged over the dispute and denies any wrongdoing. His Sahara group has vast real estate, media and hotel interests, part-owns a Formula 1 team and used to sponsor the Indian cricket team.
 

Isolate defaulters from bankingSave this video
Copy URL
According to sources, Finance ministry has identified 4-5 cases of fund diversion be defaulters to private banks by opening multiple current accounts with them. Finance ministry has asked RBI to tighten norms to check fund diversion by corporations and is in favour of penal action in such cases.
26

Aim to be global market leaderSave this video
Copy URL
Siddharth Lal, MD, Eicher Motors said that the company is open to setting up assembly plants abroad if sales justify the need. He also said that the company aims to be global market leader in mid-size motorcycle market.
67

This Is Why Looking At The Jennifer Lawrence Leak Is Not AcceptableYou Know Who's Not To Blame For Jennifer Lawrence's Nude Photo Leaks? Jennifer Lawrence.
Posted:
Updated:
09/02/2014 10:59 am EDT
Actress Jennifer Lawrence poses for photographers during a photo call for Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 at the 67th international film festival, Cannes, southern France, Saturday, May 17, 2014. (AP Photo/Alastair Grant) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
On Sunday, a hacker released stolen nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton, and a number of other female celebrities. And while the incident is a lot of things -- disturbing, disgusting, a flagrant violation of privacy -- it is not altogether surprising. Not because the women somehow "had it coming" for daring to pose nude, in the privacy of their own homes, as females in society. But because we live in a culture that constantly violates women's rights to have ownership over their own bodies.
It seems every few years another “scandal” hits : A hacker obtains and releases private photos of a naked celebrity , and citizens of the world rightfully go up in arms.  But more often than not, after the shock value of the incident subsides, they return to life as usual, as aggressions against the female body continue to occur every day.
The leaks that occurred on Sunday are not okay. It is not okay that a hacker stole and then released celebrities' private photographs. It is not okay that individuals are viewing and sharing these photos never intended for the public eye, perpetuating the original injustice with each click. It is not okay that, all over the world, people are taking to Twitter, Reddit, and various website comment sections to place blame on the female celebrities for taking the photographs in the first place.
There is nothing wrong or “immoral” about women taking naked photos of themselves to be distributed however and to whomever they see fit. Individual women have control over their individual bodies, period. The person behind this blatant invasion of privacy should absolutely be held responsible. But if we come together and advocate for this for a week, or two weeks, and then let the incident slowly fade from relevance, we are not addressing the larger problem at hand.
The stealing of these photos, the audience that's hungry for them, and the victim-blaming comments sweeping the web all emerge from a culture that endorses the idea that women's bodies exist for public consumption. Just look to our media landscape for evidence: Countless cosmetic and beauty ads suggest women's bodies exist only to be sexy to men . Films and television shows repeatedly use female bodies as props for male characterization, or depict them as trophies for a male hero to win at the end of his tale. Just last week, the Emmys presented Sofia Vergara's body as "something compelling to look at" while she rotated round and round on a raised pedestal.  At the time, many questioned what the harm of the bit could be if Vergara was in on the joke herself . But objectification does not require a lack of consent. Regardless of whether Vergara willingly participated, the idea presented to the public was "haha, women's bodies exist to be nice things to look at, for the entertainment of others." Right now especially, it's easy to see where that logic, taken to the extreme, can go.
It would be easy to dismiss the events that happened over the weekend as the work of one violating individual, work to bring him due punishment, and go back to the world of so-called gender equality. But that would only ensure that events like this keep happening, again and again. We absolutely do need to bring the hacker responsible for this abuse -- and it is abuse --  to justice. But we also need to keep sight of the greater context of this incident. The issue of female body ownership is at the heart of so many of the oppressive issues today's women face, whether it be the greater arena of revenge porn , cat-calling , the assault on reproductive rights or rape . If we ever want to change the way we view and treat female bodies in society, we need to continue to speak up about injustices big and small, even if they don't have the "risqué" factor of Jennifer Lawrence's private nudes.

Politicians Show Their Gratitude Where It Count$reddit
Previously published on BillMoyers.com
There shall be eternal summer in the grateful heart, a poet wrote, and as this year's summer winds toward its end and elections approach, gratitude is indeed what our politicians have flowing from that space where their hearts should be.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell is grateful to his friend Rick Anderson, the CEO of Delta Airlines. In late July, a week after McConnell treated him to breakfast in the Senate Dining Room, checks for McConnell's super PAC came winging their way from Anderson and his wife, as well as Delta's political action committee.
"This is the kind of rare access that most of us will never experience." That's Sheila Krumholz, executive director the Center for Responsive Politics, the campaign finance watchdog. She was talking to National Journal about Delta's boss dining in first class with McConnell: "Who makes a good enough breakfast companion for a sitting senator in a highly competitive reelection campaign to take time out of their busy day? It never hurts if the person can follow up with a donation, and all the better if it can be a sizable one."
McConnell's even more grateful to the Brothers Koch, and so are some other conservative Senate candidates -- Tom Cotton of Arkansas, Joni Ernst of Iowa and Colorado's Cory Gardner. All of them gave command performances at the Kochs' secret annual retreat and strategy conference in June. Billionaires, millionaires and the officeholders and seekers who love the cash the superrich can offer gathered to celebrate the privileged.
By now you've heard about the surreptitiously recorded audiotape of remarks about campaign finance reform that McConnell made at that cozy confab. Thank goodness the Supreme Court's Citizens United decision leveled the playing field for corporate speech, he said: "The worst day of my political life was when President George W. Bush signed McCain-Feingold into law."
As Lauren Windsor at The Nation noted ,
"To put that in perspective, Mitch McConnell's thirty-five-year career in the Senate saw the 9/11 terrorist attacks that killed thousands of Americans, the 2008 housing meltdown that threatened the entire economy and Barack Obama's election, to cite a conservative bête noire. But it was McCain-Feingold, the bill that banned soft money and unlimited donations to party committees, that constitutes the worst day of his political life."
Yikes. But lest you think the largesse and gratitude are only piling up on the GOP side of the ledger, note that in July, Democratic fundraising committees raised more money than Republicans , this in the face of fears about dire results for Democrats come November. And whilst resort vacationing amongst the grandees on Martha's Vineyard in August, President Obama had time amidst a world of crises to hang out and show his gratitude at an intimate birthday party for 150 nearest and dearest that Washington's premier rainmaker and fixer Vernon Jordan threw for his wife, Ann, at the Farm Neck Golf Club.
Jordan, who like the Quakers of Philadelphia came to do good and did well -- very well -- has had a distinguished career in Washington as a civil rights leader and friend to presidents. But the man who worked his way through college as chauffeur to an Atlanta banker and former mayor has become rich selling his influence in DC: Jordan is senior counsel at the powerful law firm of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld, which recently became the most lucrative lobbying operation in America , earning $8.6 million in the second quarter of 2014 and for the first time nosing out its closest K Street competitor, Squire Patton Boggs. (They did this by poaching many of Squire Patton Boggs' health care industry clients.)
Akin Gump handles Beltway business for everyone from Amazon and AT&T to UPS and the US Chamber of Commerce (ah, that champion of the people !), along the way making generous campaign contributions -- hundreds of thousands of dollars' worth -- to candidates of both parties.
Sadly, when it comes to lobbying and the lucrative lifestyle it affords, Barack Obama and his White House have devolved from an alleged zero-tolerance policy to acquiescence, an attitude of freewheeling laissez-faire that's already lining the pockets of administration and campaign alumni and to hell with principle.
Campaigning in 2008, Obama proclaimed:
"Make no mistake about what we're up against. We're up against the belief that it's all right for lobbyists to dominate our government, that they are just part of the system in Washington. But we know that the undue influence of lobbyists is part of the problem, and this election is our chance to say that we are not going to let them stand in our way anymore."
When he took office the following year, an executive order was signed banning registered lobbyists from the administration. But then exceptions were made, and exceptions and exceptions. Just a couple of weeks ago, Politico calculated that "the Obama administration has hired about 70 previously registered corporate, trade association and for-hire lobbyists. And many of these former lobbyists work at the highest levels of government." What's more, Mark Felsenthal at Reuters recently reported that , "President Barack Obama is loosening restrictions on lobbyists who want to serve on federal advisory boards." There are more than a thousand such committees, room for plenty of mischief.
Now the revolving door has started spinning in the other direction, as the Obama campaign and administration insiders hear the siren call of green (and we don't mean the environment). The website Buzzfeed pointed to Obama adviser and campaign manager David Plouffe's deal with Uber, the on-demand car service doing its best to please yuppies while breaking the taxi unions. Former White House press secretary Robert Gibbs and 2012 campaign press secretary Ben LaBolt are being paid to run a PR campaign against the teachers unions and Obama campaign manager Jim Messina is working for the re-election of Britain's anti-union Prime Minster David Cameron and his Conservative Party. Talk about betraying your base!
"The key staff from Obama for America are translating their political success into personal economic success," Communications Workers of America President Larry Cohen told Buzzfeed. "If anything this points to the need for the rest of us to build a movement that gets big money out of politics so the change we voted for in 2008 can become real."
But how do we get that change when the candidate who promised it embraces the status quo of the well-heeled elite? After all, there were the Obamas and Bill and Hillary Clinton at Vernon Jordan's party on the Vineyard, cheek to cheek with the CEOs of Xerox and American Express. Chances are there were no working people at that shindig to present an opposing viewpoint (except for the hired help serving the pasta and surf and turf). But there were both wings of the Democratic Party: the corporate-center right-Wall Street-lobby wing (the Clintons and Jordan) and the putatively progressive wing (the president) hobnobbing in splendid surroundings with corporate poobahs as police battled residents in Ferguson, Missouri, refugees were being bombed in Iraq, fatal disease plagued West Africa and drought in America dried up 63 trillion gallons of water.
As the world burns, our political class whoops it up with the plutocracy, whether in Martha's Vineyard or at the Kochs' posh retreat in southern California. They raise their Champagne toasts, quietly reinforce their networks and connections, and then return to the "mainland" and the pretense of once again attending to the people's business, all the while servicing the accounts that pay the campaign bills and nourish all those inside deals -- tax breaks, subsidies, contracts -- that many would call corruption but Chief Justice Roberts says are merely gratitude.
Moyers & Company airs weekly on public television. Explore more at BillMoyers.com .
Follow Bill Moyers on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BillMoyersHQ
Follow Bill Moyers on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BillMoyersHQ
More:

Maruti to pay royalty to Suzuki in INRNew Delhi, September 4, 2014
Updated: September 4, 2014 20:45 IST
Maruti to pay royalty to Suzuki in INR
Staff Reporter
PTI Maruti India Chairman R.C. Bhargava.
TOPICS
annual and special corporate meeting
Maruti Suzuki India, on Thursday, said it would pay royalty to parent Suzuki Motor Corp for all future models in Indian rupees instead of Japanese yen to mitigate risks due to foreign exchange fluctuations.
Addressing the company’s 33rd annual general meeting in New Delhi, its Chairman R. C. Bhargava said for all future models royalty to Suzuki would be paid in Indian rupees and not in yen so that the company was “not exposed to the variation in the exchange rate which has been happening in the past.”
Suzuki owns about 56 per cent stake in Maruti, for which the latter pays royalties in yen for use of technical know-how and brand name.
With the company enhancing its research and development capabilities and playing greater role in joint product development with Suzuki, the royalty payout would also decline, he added.
In the first quarter ended June 30, 2014, Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) had paid royalty of Rs.689 crore, which was 6.2 per cent of net sales.
The company, which is investing Rs.2,000 crore on a research and development facility, including a test track at Rohtak in Haryana, will enter the SUV segment early next year.
“Maruti has not been present in the SUV segment and Suzuki of Japan has been aware of it. Early next year, we will launch our SUV and a compact SUV will follow a year later. With these we will have sizable presence in the SUV segment and fill unutilised capacity at Gurgaon and Manesar plants,” Mr. Bhargava said.
On the Gujarat plant, he urged the shareholders to exercise their franchise favourably in the voting next month to let Suzuki own and invest at the facility.
Win-win situation
He said it was a “win-win situation” and would enable MSI to invest on strengthening sales and after sales network and enhancing R&D capability.

Sensex falls after 9 days on profit bookingMarket update Sensex snaps 9-day winning spree, Nifty ends below 8,100-mark
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 4, 2014  | 17:38 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After a long nine-session of strong bull run, the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex recovered smartly from intra-day low, but still got corrected by 54 points and broke its seven-session of record closing spree as tired operators opted to book profits mainly in key stocks from realty, metal, capital goods, IT and banking segments amid weak global cues.
The BSE 30-share barometer touched a high of 27,169.12 within few minues of resumption of trading but got stiff resistance at higher levels and later moved in negative terrain throughout the day.
It breached 27K-mark to log an intra-day low of 26,972.39 at mid-session - down by 167.55 points - but later recovered in the last session on heavy buying by foreign funds to end at 27,085.93, yet showing a loss of 54.01 points or 0.20 pct. In the longest straight nine-session of winning streak of the year 2014, it had zoomed by 825.65 points or 3.14 per cent.
The broader 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also snapped its five-session of gaining string and fell back by 18.65 points or 0.23 pct to end below 8,100-mark at 8,095.95. It had gained 209.85 points or 2.65 per cent in last five sessions.
Realty shares were at the pacesetter in decline. DLF was the top loser from this sector and was down by 8.60 pct the Punjab and Haryana High Court set aside the state government's decision to allot 350 acres of land in Gurgaon to the realty major in 2010. Other realty shares like Unitech, Oberoi Realty, DB Realty, Anant Raj, HDIL, IB Real Est and Godrej Prop dipped by 2.69 per cent to 6.25 per cent.
Construction and engineering firm, Jaipra Associates, tanked 17.60 per cent after promoter Jaypee Infra Ventures sold 1.45 per cent of share holding Jaiprakash Associates for Rs 62.40 crore through open market sale route.

MCF wants continuation of subsidy for naphtha-based plantscompany information
The industry is eagerly awaiting a comprehensive fertilizer policy that will provide clarity going forward.
Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCF) Chairman Vijay Mallya, on Thursday, said the company had requested the Centre to continue with the subsidy policy for naphtha-based plants until GAIL (India) began supplying gas to them.
Speaking to presspersons after the annual general meeting of the company here, he said MCF had invested about Rs.300 crore in converting naphtha to gas feedstock.
“We are absolutely ready… but it seems that the gas connectivity would be at least two years late,” he said, referring to the slow progress made by the Kochi-Mangalore natural gas pipeline of GAIL.
The industry, he replied to a query, was eagerly awaiting a comprehensive fertilizer policy that would provide clarity going forward.
“It will enable fertilizer companies to plan their businesses for the future, including expansion.”
About the open offers of Deepak Fertilizers and the combine of Zuari Agro Chemicals and UB group, he said Zuari was a better partner since it had a similar product profile and was geographically and conveniently located to MCF.
“SEBI approval has come and the Competition Commission of India approval is hopefully expected in the very near future,” he said.

ECB Surprises With Rate Cuts  New Stimulus PlanAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Nevada Offers Tesla up to $1.3B for Battery Plantnevada offers tesla up to $1.3b for battery plant
$1-to-$2 mn lawsuits: Paris Hilton settles court battle with footwear companyApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

India s m-cap@$1.5 tn  can double in next 3-4 yrs: AnalystsBSE sensex
(Analysts on the Street see…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian market has been the best performing market so far in the year 2014 across the globe, adding $0.4 trillion to its market capitalisation since December 2013, which contributed nearly 10 per cent to the rise in the world's market cap.
But analysts on the Street see it rising further in a matter of just two years if macros improve and reforms taken by the newly-elected Modi government start taking shape.
"India has grown faster in market cap from $1.1 to $1.5 trillion, which can double to $3-3.2 trillion by the end of 2016. This level would be at par with other emerging economies, say China, which has a market cap of $3.7 trillion," said A K Prabhakar, Independent Market Expert.
"We have a stable and pro-growth reformist government after 30 years, which adds strength to our markets. If economic growth shows signs of revival and crude prices remain low, that would push the markets higher by 2016," he added.
Analysts are quite optimist on Indian markets as the government intends to develop a strong bilateral relationship with developed and developing countries and increase trade and commerce.
"We believe corporates sustainable earnings of 20 per cent and above will start flowing in the next 6-8 quarters, which will add to the Indian markets' market cap quite substantially. Indian market cap may double in the next 3-4 years and add more value to the global market cap," said SiddharthSedani, Vice President - Portfolio Management Service at Microsec Capital Ltd.
India's market cap was $1.1 trillion at the end of December 2013, which rose to $1.5 trillion at the end of August 2014, as per a Motilal Oswal report.
The Sensex outperformed its emerging market (EM) peers, both in local currency and USD terms. The Sensex currently trades at 17.4x FY15 earnings, which is at a premium to all other EMs," said the report.
In the calendar year 2014, world market cap increased by USD 3.9 trillion, of which India contributed 10 per cent. India's contribution to world market cap is at 2.3 per cent, which is above its long period average of 2.1 per cent.
If we compare that with the US, we (India) are not even 1 per cent of the US markets, which has a total market cap of $24 trillion as of August 2014, according to the Motilal Oswal report (refer chart).
The US markets, which have been hitting fresh record highs on a daily basis, have rallied 8 per cent so far in the year 2014, supported by improving macro-economic data. But India manages to steal the show supported by strong global liquidity.
"All markets are hitting new highs. So India does not stand out in that respect. But when compared to other emerging markets, India stands out when it comes to its GDP growth and also its earnings story unfolding over the next two to three years," said Andrew Holland, CEO, Ambit Investment Advisors.
"Thus, Wall Street hitting new highs is great stuff, but valuations globally, particularly in the US, are looking stretched. I would not say much for a pullback there," he added.
  Sensex can double in 3-4 years:
Riding on the optimism and if there are no geo-political concerns, analysts across the globe have put faith in India's growth story and see earnings and the index doubling in the next three to four years.
If the Sensex doubles in the next 3-4 years, there is a fair chance of market capitalisation doubling from the current levels in the same period.
The macro-economic data is looking positive, the economic activity is expected to gather steam by 2015 and GDP growth rate might hit the 7 per cent mark in the next two years, say analysts.
They expect that the next leg of the rally will be led by increase in earnings growth and with the economy expected to bounce back, the estimates might not be unreasonable.
"We continue to reinforce our message that earnings are set to double over the next 4 years to FY18 and the market returns could mirror earnings growth," said Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Research Analyst at DSP Merrill Lynch (India) and Anand Kumar of DSP Merrill Lynch.
"We continue to be bullish in the long term on the Indian market and believe that buying on dips is a particularly compelling strategy. Our bullishness is driven by the bottoming of the earnings cycle," added Jaipuria.
With all the optimism around, analysts are not ruling out a target of 100000 on the Sensex in the next 10 years. Possible? Yes, say experts. The rally will be supported by earnings growth, economic revival and reform push by the new government.
"India has a long way to go. The ingredients for a sustained bull market are very much in place and there is good amount of visibility that we will at least go back to the long range profit growth of 14-15 per cent," said Navneet Munot, CIO, SBI Mutual Funds.
"Considering the fact that valuations are reasonable and if India Inc can deliver growth of roughly around 15 per cent per annum, which is not an unreasonable expectation over a long period, the Sensex can hit 1,00,000 in 10 years," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PNB plans to raise Rs 1 500 cr through Basel III bondsAbhijit Lele |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:32 AM IST
PNB to raise Rs 1,500 cr via Basel-III bonds
For the bank, cost of capital raised through Basel III instruments is expected to be lower
Public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) plans to raise up to Rs 1,500 crore through Basel-III-compliant Tier-II bonds to shore up its capital adequacy ratio, a senior executive with the Delhi-based bank said. He, however, added that the plans are yet to be firmed up.
The cost of capital raised through Basel-III instruments would be lower because early this week, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had eased the rules for these instruments, the PNB executive cited above said.
PNB’s capital adequacy at end-June 2014 was 11.52 per cent, out of which Tier-I was 8.82 per cent. Within Tier-I, common equity was 8.5 per cent and additional Tier-I was 0.31 per cent. The Tier-II capital base was 2.70 per cent.
The bank will ensure that the quantum in Tier-II is always be less than Tier-I, the PNB official added.
Rating agency CRISIL has assigned ‘AAA/Stable’ rating to PNB’s proposed Tier-II bond issue (under Basel-III). These instruments carry a feature - point of non-viability trigger.
The triggering of this provision might result in loss of principal to the investor. Hence, it could lead to default on the instrument by the issuer.
According to Basel-III norms, the PONV trigger will be determined by RBI. The chances of PONV trigger is a remote possibility in the Indian context owing to the robust regulatory and supervisory framework and the systemic importance of the banking sector, CRISIL said.
CRISIL added that the inherent risk associated with the PONV feature is adequately factored into the rating on the instrument of PNB.
PNB has comfortable capitalisation. The bank has large net worth of Rs 35,900 crore as on June 30, 2014 - up from Rs 34,500 crore as on March 31, 2014. The bank has received equity capital infusion of Rs 4,180 crore from Government of India and Life Insurance Corporation of India over the past four years. This includes Rs 500 crore received in 2013-14.
The Indian government’s stake in PNB - 58.9 per cent as of June 30, 2014 - provides it with some flexibility to raise equity capital over the medium term.
 Advertisements

Sensex ends 59 points lower at 27 026.70Urgent aid needed. Help Now
Mumbai: The benchmark Sensex on Friday fell 59.23 points to end at 27,026.70, its second straight session of decline after logging new highs earlier this week, on losses in bluechips including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Motors amid a weak global trend.
Domestic stock markets opened on a better note with the 30-scrip BSE Sensex touching the day's high of 27,178.80 points in early trade. It later slipped below the 27,000-mark and touched day's low of 26,920.56 before ending at 27,026.70, registering a drop of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent.
Among Sensex 30 components, 17 stocks ended in the negative zone, while 13 closed higher.
Sensex on Friday ended 59 points lower at 27,026.70. This was for the second straight session that the stocks experienced fall.
On Thursday, the Sensex had lost 54.01 points. It had hit life high of 27,225.85 and closed at record peak of 27,139.94 both on Wednesday.
Brokers said emergence of selling in stocks that had recently witnessed gains and a weak trend in global markets, led to the fall in major indices on Friday.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also shed 9.10 points, or 0.11 per cent, to end at 8,086.85. During the session, the Nifty shuttled between 8,122.70 and 8,049.85. Yesterday, it had fallen by 18.65 points.
Among the sectoral indices, the BSE Auto index dropped 0.65 per cent, followed by FMCG 0.32 per cent and Banking index lost 0.30 per cent.
On the other hand, the BSE Realty index surged 1.15 per cent, followed by Capital Goods index 0.86 per cent, Metal index 0.69 per cent and IT index 0.51 per cent, among others.
The BSE Small-cap index advanced 1.25 per cent and Mid-cap index added 0.56 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Asian shares and the euro slipped Friday after European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Eyes are now on the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe's main stock markets also dipped in late morning trades on Friday after data showed the 18-nation eurozone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.

RBI to hold rates on Sept 30  may cut in Feb: BofA-MLRBI to hold rates on Sept 30  may cut in Feb: BofA-ML
Rahul Gandhi targets Akhilesh Yadav on Teachers  DayApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Microsoft launches affordable Nokia X2 in India  prices it at Rs 8 699Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

India in numbers: The case of falling figures in primary and secondary educationenrollmentPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 7:02 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 7:36 pm
In part-2 of our fortnightly data series, India In Numbers , we take a look at the Gross Enrollment Ratio in Primary, Middle, Secondary & Senior Secondary, Higher Education from 2001 to 2010 by state and political party in power.
Gross Enrollment Ratio (GER) is the ratio of students enrolled of all age groups. States, as seen below, were ranked based on their average GER in Primary and Sr Secondary.
The colour coding of the states are as follows: Yellow signifies Good at Primary, Bad at Sr. Secondary; Orange signifies Bad at Primary, Good at Sr. Secondary; Green signifies Good at both Primary and Sr Secondary; Purple signifies Bad at both Primary and Sr Secondary.
The worrying trend is that there is an imbalance between GER at Primary and GER at Sr Secondary.
At least 10 states are doing well in Primary-level education, but they are falling behind in Higher-level education.
Same goes for states doing surprising well in Secondary-level education with low Primary-level education numbers.
Jigyasa has rated each state by considering the individual GERs of Primary, Middle, Secondary and Senior Secondary, and Higher education with the following weightage:
Here is a combined map of party-wise and state-wise analysis based on the average rating derived by using the above weightage
View Party wise analysis in a full screen map
Delhi, under the leadership of INC, is the only state that has excelled in providing primary and secondary education.
Eastern Indian States are a hub of poor academic performances: Bihar (under JDU+BJP), West Bengal (under CPI(M)), Assam (under INC) and Nagaland (under Nagaland People’s front) have poor primary and secondary education.
Almost half of all Indian States have either poor primary or secondary education programs and there is no consistent party program that is led by NDA or UPA.
The Indian Express has partnered Swaniti Initiative for a regular DATA series called India In Numbers.

Modi interacts with students on Teachers  Day  says girl education top priority'Taskmaster' PM Modi plays the role of headmaster
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 14:57 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:57 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi turned teacher for a day on Friday, chatting with an auditorium full of schoolchildren and teachers, sharing his vision of education and, through it, nation building, and making them smile with anecdotes from his childhood.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union minister Smriti Irani at the informal interation with teachers. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @PMOIndia)
He also took questions from the 1,000 Delhi students who had packed the Manekshaw Centre for the Teachers’ Day programme and from many more across the country who’d tuned in via video conference.
Read: Three cheers ring out for ‘Modi Sir’ in UP madrasas
“Your style conveys the image of a headmaster. Are you tough like a headmaster or are you sweet,” asked a girl in the crowd. “I am a taskmaster. I work hard and extract hard work from others,” the PM replied as millions of students watched him on TV in their schools and homes.
 
Most schools in the Capital, and elsewhere in the country, had made it mandatory for students to be present for the live broadcast of the PM’s speech.
Watch: Best of PM Modi's Teacher's Day speech
Modi exhorted students to become responsible citizens, wondered why they weren’t interested in becoming teachers, thought aloud about India becoming a country that exports teachers. Urging the young to work and play, he said, “You should play and sweat a lot, at least four times a day. Promise you will do it.” He added, “Keep the child in you alive.”
Asked if he’d played pranks as a boy, the PM spoke about tempting shehnai players with tamarind to make their mouth water and stapling the clothes of couples at weddings.
When a boy from Imphal asked him what he had to do to become PM, he responded, “Start preparing for the 2024 elections… at least till then I am safe.” 
A teacher should not discriminate. All children belong to the teacher. And every child has some talents: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 5, 2014
Going back to a recurring theme, he spoke of the importance of educating girls, and building toilets for them in schools to stop them from dropping out. To a student from Port Blair, he said, “Serving the nation does not only mean doing grand things. Doing small things is a big service too. Remember to switch off the fan in your room when you leave, to turn off the taps as you brush your teeth, to keep your things tidy. It is these small things that help build a clean nation.”
When a visually impaired girl asked if he had ever thought he would one day become prime minister, he said, “I never even contested the election to become class monitor.”

Aug payroll growth slumps; unemployment rate down to 6.1%Sep 05, 2014, 06.58 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
Aug payroll growth slumps; unemployment rate down to 6.1%
Economists expected payroll growth of 225,000 in August following July's upwardly revised 212,000. The unemployment rate was forecast to drop to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Aug payroll growth slumps; unemployment rate down to 6.1%
Economists expected payroll growth of 225,000 in August following July's upwardly revised 212,000. The unemployment rate was forecast to drop to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Job growth cooled in August, with nonfarm payrolls adding just 142,000 even as the unemployment rate fell to 6.1 percent, according to the Labor Department. The fall in the headline rate came as labor-force participation fell, declining to 62.8 percent, or 64,000 workers, tying the 2014 bottom and remaining at the lowest level since 1978.
Economists expected payroll growth of 225,000 in August following July's upwardly revised 212,000. The unemployment rate was forecast to drop to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
Markets actually liked the report, pushing stock futures higher as traders likely gained confidence that monetary policy would remain loose for an extended period of time. Bond yields declined in lockstep, with the 10-year Treasury note yield falling to 2.42 percent.
"The report is a remarkable disappointment as a headline number, especially after receiving such promising macro data over the summer," said Todd M. Schoenberger, president of J. Streicher Asset Management. "Oddly enough, though, this flat figure may still bode well for investor's portfolios because it should force the Fed to take a breather with its 'increase-in-interest-rate' chant, which will push equity valuations higher. The data should help continue the markets upward trajectory today, and throughout the rest of the quarter."
"With respect to the market, the rally in the S&P futures off a big miss still reflects the drug junkie attitude of anything that backs (off) the Fed is somehow good," added Peter Bockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group.
August's number are a notoriously volatile set, with 2013's initially reported 169,000 ultimately revised up to 238,000. In 2011, the Bureau of Labor Statistics initially said net job creation was zero, only to push that figure up to 104,000 by the time all was said and done.
The report breaks a string of months with payrolls above 200,000.
"The number was a surprise and a disappointment but we do not believe that it indicates a slowdown in the US economy," said Joseph Lake, U.S. analyst for The Economist Intelligence Unite. "Indeed, there is a reasonable chance that it will be revised upwards in coming months."
An alternative measure of unemployment that counts underemployed workers and those who have stopped looking also declined, falling from 12.2 percent to percent.
Professional and business services added the most positions, with 47,000, while health care gained 34,000, and bar and restaurant positions moved up by 22,000.
Overall wages increased, gaining 6 cents to $24.53 an hour, representing an annualized increase of 2.1 percent. The average work week was unchanged at 34.5 hours.
Full-time positions grew by 127,000, while part-time plunged by 327,000.
Taken as a whole the numbers are in keeping with a modest pace of economic growth likely to keep the Federal Reserve loose in how it approaches monetary policy. The U.S. central bank is nearly finished with the third round of its monthly bond buying program, but has pledged to keep short-term interest rates near zero until the jobs picture improves and inflation accelerates.
Prior months' job growth saw downward revisions, with June cut to 267,000 from 298,000.
RELATED NEWS

Delhi: FIR for theft registered after 10 days: Insurance claim deniedUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi The national consumer commission has rejected insurance claim of a man for his stolen tractor, noting that the FIR of the theft was registered ten days after the incident.
National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC), presided by Justice K S Chaudhari, passed the order while rejecting the revision petition of one Vijay Kumar, filed against Punjab State Consumer Commission's order.
Kumar had earlier approached a district forum, seeking a direction to Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co Ltd, insurer of his tractor, to pay the insured amount after it got stolen. The forum, however, dismissed complaint and thereafter, he field an appeal before state commission, which again dismissed his plea.
That the tractor was not insured comprehensively and theft of the tractor was not under cover of the insurance policy.
"Perusal of record further reveals that theft occurred on January 5, 2008, but FIR was lodged on January 15, 2008 and no specific date has been given regarding the intimation to the respondents. On account of delay in lodging FIR and intimation to insurance company, complaint was liable to be dismissed," NCDRC said.
It, however, also noted that the tractor was not insured comprehensively and theft of the tractor was not under cover of the insurance policy.
"The district forum rightly observed that tractor was not insured for theft purposes and the state commission rightly affirmed this finding.
"As tractor was not insured comprehensively and theft of tractor was not under cover of insurance policy, complainant was not entitled to any claim on account of theft of tractor," it said.
Kumar had contended before district consumer forum that his tractor, insured with the firm, was stolen along with its trolley on January 5, 2001 and an FIR was registered in this regard on January 15, 2001, and intimation was also given to the firm.
However, after claim was not settled by the firm, Kumar filed a complaint before district forum, he said. The firm, however, submitted before the forum that tractor was insured to cover risk for agriculture purpose only and no premium was paid to recover risk of theft.

Kashmiri migrants rehab: Rajnath writes to Omar seeking landWatch
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Kashmir reeling under worst floods in six decadesUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Srinagar: Kashmir was on Wednesday battling the worst floods in nearly six decades with four more people killed in the deluge that left a trail of devastation across the Valley, damaging roads, over two dozen bridges and standing crops worth hundreds of crores of rupees.
Due to heavy rains since Wednesday, River Jhelum and many other streams were swollen and had inundated most areas in five districts in the Valley leaving 10 people dead. Three more districts out of 10 have also been affected.
Three persons were washed away by the strong currents in Sukhnaq Nalla in central Kashmir Budgam district while another youth was drowned in Vishnu Nalla in south Kashmir Kulgam district, police said. State Finance Minister Abdul Rahim Rather had said that six persons had died due to floods in the Valley.
Flood situation critical in parts of Bihar, UP
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah has been monitoring the relief and rescue operations and visited several flood affected areas in south Kashmir. Omar also supervised the evacuation of patients from Bone and Joint Hospital at Barzulla late last night.
Officials said as many as 60 major and minor roads have been cut off and 30 bridges washed away, hampering the relief and rescue operations.
A senior official said this is the worst flood recorded in recent history of Kashmir.
"The level of water in River Jhelum at upstream Sangam in Anantnag district is well above the measurable mark of 34 feet... The measuring metre has disappeared, which has resulted in flooding of Anantnag and surrounding areas," the official said.
He said there was no mention in official records about this happening before. "We have seen the level of Jhelum rise to 26 or 27 feet in the past but never beyond that," he added.
Jhelum in Srinagar is flowing at 22.40 feet, 4.40 feet above danger mark, as many areas in the summer capital of the state have been submerged.
Schools and colleges across the state have been closed till Monday while Universities in Kashmir have suspended all work for two days.
Eighty-five-year-old Haji Abdul Gani Dar said he had seen such a flood in 1957 when almost the entire Kashmir Valley was submerged.
Army and National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) have been called in to assist the civil administration in relief and rescue operations in the flood affected areas.
"Army has been asked to assist in the relief and rescue operations in submerged areas of south Kashmir and Srinagar city while four companies of NDRF have already arrived and have been dispatched to the affected areas," Divisional Commissioner, Kashmir, Rohit Kansal said.
Most parts of south Kashmir including Pulwama, Anantnag and Kulgam district have been submerged.
Officials said the water level in Rambiara stream in Shopian district was also rising very fast, threatening to inundate the only south Kashmir district not affected by floods so far.
Doodhganga stream, which flows through southern part of the city, has breached the embankments at several places, flooding the residential areas.
People in many areas have either shifted out of the submerged areas or moved to higer floors, the officials said.
The threat of floods has increased in north Kashmir region after River Jhelum breached the danger mark of 14 feet at Asham in Bandipora district, they said.
The authorities have evacuated people from many areas in Bandipora in anticipation of flooding.
The Sindh nallah in Ganderbal district is also flowing above the danger mark while the water level in streams and rivulets in Budgam district is also rising fast.
There has been no respite from the rains which began on Tuesday as the heavy downpour continued through the night.
Standing crops like paddy and horticulture crops worth hundreds of crores of rupees have been damaged due to the floods. The exact quantum of loss will be known only after the flood situation eases.

European stocks hold steady after ECB rally; Dax up 0.07%European stocks hold steady after ECB rally; Dax up 0.07%
Delhi Lt Governor favours inviting BJP to form govtDelhi Lt Governor favours inviting BJP to form govt
JP Associates  stock tanks 35% in two daysJP Associates  stock tanks 35% in two days
NATO Secretary General Holds News ConferenceSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Tornadoes Possible as Storms Target Midwest
EXPLORE.org: Bird Cams - Osprey
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Forex reserves up by $60.5 million to $318.64 billionForex reserves up by $60.5 million to $318.64 billion
Cynics aside  Modi s speech gets thumbs up from twitteratiCynics aside  Modi s speech gets thumbs up from twitterati
India s Forex reserves rise USD 60.5 mnIndia s Forex reserves rise USD 60.5 mn
SBI launches savings bank account for childrenSBI launches savings bank account for children
Why India is slowing down  Rajan explainsHi Guest
Why India is slowing down, Rajan explains
Attributing decline in economic growth to 'slow governance' and faulty allocation of natural resources, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has said gross domestic product will improve to 7 per cent in next three years on back of political stability. "The sharp slowdown in GDP from 8-9 per cent growth to 4-5 per cent in the last two years was caused by issues such as environment and land acquisition problems, delays in withdrawal of fiscal and monetary stimulus, irregularities around allocation of ...

Jyoti Ltd-MEIL JV wins Rs 422 cr order from SSNNLBS Reporter |  Ahmedabad Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 08:53 PM IST
Jyoti Ltd, MEIL JV wins Rs 422 cr order from SSNNL
Jyoti Ltd's portion in this order will be about Rs 100 crore for supply of electro-mechanical equipment
Jyoti Ltd, Vadodara-based manufacturers of hydro turbines & generators has won a Rs 422.98 crore order from Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) in joint venture with Megha Engineering & Infrastructures Ltd (MEIL) for for complete engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) of civil, electro-mechanical and hydro-mechanical works. Jyoti Ltd’s portion in this order will be about Rs 100 crore for supply of electro-mechanical equipment.
The order also includes five years operation and maintenance for Saurashtra Branch Canal Project in Mehsana district. MEIL is a civil infrastructure company from Hyderabad.   
“The project includes three power houses on Saurashtra branch canal totalling 45 MW capacity.  The project is to be completed within 24 months. Power produced from these plants will offset power required for canal operation to some extent and hence stimulate the energy conservation activity for the project,” a company statement here claimed.  This is the largest hydel order received by Jyoti Ltd. till date.
The company has received major orders totalling to about Rs 441.06 crore since April 2014 till date and at present has pending orders of Rs 900 crore.
 Advertisements

Director Sunteck WealthmaxDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

NSE s CEO s next target might be an overseas acquisitionStory
Stock Star
With the home turf being well guarded, some say her next target would be an overseas acquisition.
NSE CEO and MD, Chitra Ramkrishna.
MPW 2014: REPEAT WINNER
CHITRA RAMKRISHNA, 51, CEO & MD, NSE
In 1994, she was one of five people handpicked to start the National Stock Exchange (NSE). More than two decades later, on April 1, 2013, Chitra Ramkrishna became the third person, and most importantly the first woman, to head India's largest stock exchange.
MPW JURY: Chitra Ramkrishna has become pillar of her institution
When she took charge of the NSE , there were fears she would face strong resistance from the newest stock exchange MCX-SX, promoted by Jignesh Shah. But Shah's arrest on the back of the National Spot Exchange Ltd fiasco has seen NSE maintaining its monopoly, with the BSE still struggling to bring back investors as well as volumes in its derivative segments.
With the home turf being well guarded, some say her next target would be an overseas acquisition.

ECB to buy asset-backed bonds  cuts ratesDraghi says ECB to start buying asset-backed bonds
By: Adam Shell September 4, 2014 9:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi. (Photo: AFP)
European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi got aggressive Thursday, announcing fresh stimulus measures to boost the eurozone’s flagging economy, including interest rate cuts and the start of a program to purchase asset-backed securities and other bonds.
Following the ECB’s surprise statement that it was lowering a key interest rate to a fresh record low of 0.05% from 0.15%, Draghi said in a press conference that the ECB will also start to buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds from eurozone banks next month. He did not specify the size of the asset purchases, which would put more cash in banks’ hands, with the hope of stimulating lending. The move, which Draghi outlined in a speech last month in Jackson Hole, Wyo., and which he said today was in response to “overall subdued outlook for inflation and weakening economic momentum,” is step that global investors had been hoping for — although it fell short of the most aggressive policy Wall Street was hoping for, which is the purchase of government bonds.
Wall Street fears that a deflationary-like outcome in Europe, similar to that suffered by Japan, could undermine the global recovery and hurt the profits of U.S. companies that do a lot of business in Europe.
Many Wall Street pundits expect today’s move by the ECB to be a precursor to a U.S.-style program to buy government bonds, an unconventional strategy dubbed quantitative easing, and a move that many on Wall Street think is necessary. Draghi, in a Twitter post, did not rule out such a move. He said quantitative easing or QE was discussed.
 
In a tweet on Twitter, ECB’s Draghi says more stimulus might be in the pipeline.
 
Draghi also said that some members of the ECB wanted to be more aggressive, but others balked.
 
Also Thursday, the ECB also slashed the interest rate on deposits further into negative territory, with the rate on deposits being lowered to a negative 0.20%, from -0.10%. A negative interest rate means depositors pay the ECB to hold their cash. It is a move designed by central banks to spur risk-taking and get European consumer banks to lend more readily.
Draghi, however, said banks shouldn’t expect more rate cuts.
Draghi also lowered economic growth forecasts for the eurozone for the rest of 2014 and next year.
“ECB policymakers are attempting to ward off deflation and jumpstart the eurozone economy,” says Alex Epstein, an analyst at Schaeffer’s Investment Research.
Asset-back securities are packages of loans issued by banks to investors. The goal of the ECB is to buy those securities from banks, leaving banks with a wad of cash that could be put to better use, such as issuing loans.
The ECB’s move on rates weighed on the euro, which fell to a 14-month low of 1.3005 vs. the U.S. dollar.
“The euro plunged to fresh yearly lows and tested the critical $1.30 mark versus the U.S. dollar,” said David Rodriguez, quantitative strategist at DailyFX. “Few analysts expected the ECB would move on interest rates and even less expected that ECB President Mario Draghi would announce the start of (asset purchases). Thus the euro fell sharply lower across the board, but questions remain how much lower it may go.”
Ever since Draghi’s speech at Jackson Hole last month, “market expectations are running high again” and markets are “increasingly pricing in  further easing of monetary policy,” a trio of economists and central bank watchers at Barclays told clients on the eve of the meeting.
In his Jackson Hole speech, Draghi hinted strongly that if inflation continues to fall and the economy continues to slow, a U.S.-style “government bond” buying program might need to be deployed. The Fed, of course, is winding down its third round of bond buying, which includes purchases of U.S. Treasuries. The Fed policy is known as quantitative easing, or QE.
“We don’t think the tipping point has been reached,” Barclays said, adding that the ECB is more likely to announce QE closer to the end of the year or early next year.
Citing progress, investment manager Luke Bartholomew of Aberdeen Asset Management offered his views on the ECB’s moves today.
“For years the ECB has been very slow to react and often frustrated markets,” Bartholomew says. “But in the face of dire and clearly worsening economic indicators Draghi has actually gone beyond markets’ expectations today. The frustration is that it has taken so long with inflation having already fallen so low, but it is certainly progress. Despite the fact that today’s announcement was not unanimous, resistance to Draghi within the council is clearly receding as the European recovery wilts.”
 

Of stories that need tellingUpdated: September 4, 2014 16:12 IST
Of stories that need telling
Archana Nathan
Megha Ramaswamy's film 'Newborns.' Photo: Special Arrangement
This documentary follows female survivors of acid attacks. Photo: Special Arrangement
Megha Ramaswamy. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOPICS
Megha Ramaswamy’s ‘Newborns’ premieres at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 8
(This is a monthly column on indie films and documentaries)
In eight years, this was the first time Nasreen had unveiled in front of the camera. Laxmi, on the other hand, danced without reserve and it barely mattered that the camera was recording her. She had broken down a couple of hours before that. Momentous and personal instances like these are the ones that Megha Ramaswamy recounts from the shoot of her film 'Newborns', a documentary that follows female survivors of acid attacks. The short film, premiering on September 8 at the Toronto International Film Festival, is the only entry from India to be selected.
It all began when Megha read about Priti Rathi in the newspaper. Rathi, a nurse working in Mumbai, was attacked with acid in broad daylight. “Passers-by looked on, leaving her old father to bring medical help. Priti died less than a month later,” describes Megha. “I was a screenwriter and not a documentary filmmaker but I was quite bothered by the issue to not do anything about it,” she continues. Megha then got in touch with 'Stop Acid Attacks', an NGO based in Delhi. “While at the NGO, I started to develop a relationship with the girls. Simultaneously, I looked at material available on the topic and realised that most of it was either sensationalist or tragic. After getting the luxury of spending time with the girls, I knew that they were looking for a different kind of representation.”
Born out of regular dialogue, extensive workshops and sessions that were both emotionally draining and liberating at the same time, was a film language that Megha feels was appropriate for the subject at hand. “It is a poetic... a literary testimonial to their lives. The film is not observational or journalistic. I didn't want that. I wanted to do what the girls wanted to do. To revisit normalcies. The approach is philosophical.”
An inkling of this language can be grasped through the trailer of the film which is punctuated with carefully crafted shots that are in themselves beautiful anecdotes from the lives of these women. It is clear that the women were co-authors of the film which is exactly what Megha had intended.
For instance, one of the aspects that the film tackles is the gaze. “The gaze bothered them. They were tired of being stared at wherever they went. So, in the film, they decided to confront their audience and stare right back at them. There is not a single shot where the camera gazes at them.”
For Megha, 'Newborns' is a personal film and her attempt at showing her outrage at an act that takes its birth in ruthless patriarchy and misogyny. “Films, I realise, are a great platform for stories that need telling. This film could encourage more women to seek funding for surgery and could also create more awareness on the need for stricter punishment for the crime. There is a general sense of participation and initiative that is lacking be it the government or the citizen body,” she argues.
Next week, Nasreen will unveil herself and Laxmi will showcase her charming dance moves in front of the world. Apart from the newborns in the film, perhaps the premiere will mark the birth of a newborn audience as well.

No easy path to higher growthNo easy path to higher growth
S S Tarapore
The RBI Annual Report rightly points out that even to grow at 7 per cent, inflation needs to fall sharply
September 4, 2014:  
It is important that government, policymakers, opinion-makers, industry and other stakeholders give serious attention to the Reserve Bank of India’s Annual Report 2013-14, especially as it provides a goldmine of ideas for improved overall macroeconomic policy.
With greater political stability, the move towards fiscal consolidation and strengthening of the monetary policy framework, GDP growth in 2014-15 would be around 5.5 per cent.
Risks to growth as also upside risks to inflation arise from the sub-optimal monsoon and the geopolitical situation in West Asia.
Preconditions for growth
There are always aspirations for a quick return to the halcyon days of 9 per cent growth. But the RBI does well to caution that for a medium-term growth of even 7 per cent per annum, it is imperative to have better microeconomic policies to improve activity and productivity; this should go along with a conducive macroeconomic environment with reasonable, positive rates of interest, low inflation, moderate balance of payments and current account deficit, (CAD) and a low fiscal deficit.
Higher growth does not come easy. The Government has been responsible in not generating expectations of an early acceleration of growth.
Even to have a sustained growth of 7 per cent per annum in the medium term will require considerable effort in terms of a better macroeconomic balance.
A major prerequisite is lower inflation. It is for this reason the RBI stresses the need to contain inflation to 8 per cent by January 2015 and 6 per cent by January 2016.
At the present time, 8 per cent inflation for January 2015 appears reasonably secure, but a lot more needs to be done to contain inflation to 6 per cent by January 2016.
Caution on interest rates
There is an asymmetry in that when inflation falls there are pressures to reduce policy interest rates, but there is no support for higher policy rates when inflation rises.
Hence, it is best to leave the RBI to take a considered call on when it is appropriate to reduce interest rates. It is gratifying that the new government has reduced the sabre-rattling, urging lowering of interest rates. It would strengthen macroeconomic policy if the Government were to refrain from expressing a hope for lower policy rates.
It is often not appreciated that a small reduction in interest rates has very little impact on reducing the cost of production.
On the contrary, excessively low real rates of interest can easily generate a resurgence of inflation.
According to the RBI, gross domestic savings have declined from an average of 35 per cent of GDP from 2005-06 to 2007-08 to a nine-year low of 30.1 per cent in 2012-13. Household sector savings have fallen from 25.2 per cent of GDP in 2009-10 to 21.9 per cent of GDP in 2012-13.
What is alarming is that household sector net financial savings have fallen from 12 per cent of GDP in 2009-10 to 7.1 per cent in 2012-13. In contract, gross savings in physical assets rose from 13.2 per cent of GDP in 2009-10 to 14.8 per cent in 2012-13.
These numbers provide a telling message that financial savings are not attractive and savers prefer physical assets. This is not surprising as inflation has eaten into real financial savings and nominal interest rates are low given current inflation levels.
As such, much of the clamour for lower interest rates is misplaced. Bringing down inflation should be the topmost policy priority.
The RBI is optimistic that the gross fiscal deficit (GFD) and the CAD in 2014-15 would moderate. According to the RBI, the reduction in the GFD to 3.6 per cent in 2015-16 and further to 3.0 in 2016-17 is feasible, but requires further expenditure reduction and better targeting of subsidies.
Medium-term challenges
The RBI advocates a quick pass-through of global crude oil prices and also early measures for more flexible diesel, LPG and fertiliser prices.
There is a need for better appreciation of the impact of increased administered prices. Illustratively, in the case of imported crude petroleum, India would have already paid the international price. By holding down administered prices, sectoral prices are kept down, but such measures cannot keep down overall inflation.
On the external front, in 2014-15, there are upside risks to oil prices due to geopolitical developments as improved domestic demand could increase imports.
Again, a faster monetary policy tightening by the industrial countries could put pressure on India’s CAD.
While higher exports are important, it is essential that the exchange rate be competitive. In particular, the macho spirits pushing for an appreciation of the rupee exchange rate should be resisted. An appreciation of the rupee vis-à-vis the major currencies is totally unwarranted as India’s inflation rate has been persistently way above inflation in major industrial countries.
The RBI has aptly set out the key challenges for the ensuing period. First is the need for lowering food inflation through supply side measures. Second, strengthening the monetary policy framework and improving the transmission process. Third, fiscal consolidation through better targeting of subsidies and revenue augmentation. The revenue to GDP ratio in India is significantly lower than in industrial countries.
There is a need for direct tax reforms taking into account the principles of efficiency, equity and effectiveness. The direct tax structure reflects gross inequity, in that some individuals with very large incomes and assets are free from direct taxes while some with moderate incomes are subject to relatively high direct taxes. (to be continued)
The writer is a Mumbai-based economist
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Scotland may just decide to break freeScotland may just decide to break free
Vidya Ram
The referendum on independence could go the ‘Yes’ way, with the poorer Scots backing it the most
September 4, 2014:  
With less than two weeks to go to the Scottish referendum, there seems little doubt that the “Yes” campaign stands a fighting chance of victory. Once written off by many, particularly in England, as the voice of a discontented minority, the movement for independence has rapidly been gaining ground. After publishing a poll placing the pro-Union “Better Together” (No) campaign at just six percentage points ahead of its rival, the Times of London warned that the Union was on a “knife edge” (in early February, the polling agency YouGov had put the No campaign 22 percentage points ahead).
Shift in fortunes
A number of recent factors have certainly contributed to the shift in fortunes. To start with, there is general consensus (and several polls to back it up) that the senior Labour Party politician Alistair Darling, who heads the cross-party Better Together campaign, delivered a lacklustre performance during a crucial (second) televised debate with Scottish National Party leader Alex Salmond.
Westminster’s often hectoring tone has also backfired. For example, the London government’s repeated insistence that an independent Scotland could lose the pound as its currency and would struggle to join the euro in the face of opposition from countries (such as Spain) confronting secessionist movements of their own, has been weak on evidence; as some pollsters indicated earlier this year, this may even have led to a mild surge in support for the Yes campaign.
Warnings about dwindling North Sea oil reserves have also had limited impact, with independence supporters pointing to the substantial investments made by oil companies in recent years into the region. A number of other missteps, among them a television advert by Better Together about an undecided stay-at-home mother naively mulling over her options (which many viewers found sexist and patronising) have only added to the feeling that the momentum has firmly shifted to the “Yes” camp.
Longer-term factors have also contributed to the ground swell of support for the Yes campaign.
First, there is a stark class divide when it comes to support for independence: opinion polls have shown that residents in more deprived areas and regions are far more likely to support independence, while Scotland’s wealthy overwhelmingly support remaining in the UK.
With voter turnout traditionally low in deprived communities, there have been considerable efforts within the pro-independence campaign to galvanise marginalised voters. For example, the Radical Independence Campaign — a pro-independence movement of left-wing activists, including Greens, Socialists and trade unionists — launched a voter registration drive targeting residents of some of Scotland’s most deprived communities (which are also among the poorest in the UK).
In communities with high levels of unemployment and poverty, where people have long felt marginalised by Westminster and most impacted by its austerity programme, the chance to break free has created hope, despite the uncertainties involved. “Many people feel they have nothing to lose from supporting independence…they think the only way is up from now,” says Nighet Riaz, an academic and businesswoman of Pakistani origin who heads the Scots Asians for Yes to an Independent Scotland campaign.
Asian support
While nationalist movements have typically alienated minority groups, there is considerable support for the Yes campaign among Scotland’s minorities. For example, in an online poll, Awaz FM — Scotland’s most popular radio station for the Asian community — found that 57 per cent of its sample supported an independent Scotland against 37 per cent for remaining within the Union.
Nasar Meer, a professor of social policy and citizenship at Glasgow’s Strathclyde University, points out this is in part down to the unique nature of Scottish identity, which enables even ethnic minorities to define themselves as Scottish (in England, by contrast, Asians are more likely to see themselves as British rather than English).
“In Scotland national identity isn’t based on ethnic criteria: you don’t have to be a speaker of Gaelic, or white, protestant or Christian,” Meer argues, pointing to the lack of an ethnic dimension in Scottish politics, where far right anti-immigration groups have made little headway and immigration and ethnicity have largely stayed off the agenda of mainstream political parties.
The SNP’s Blueprint for an Independent Scotland, published earlier this year, pledges a far more liberal immigration regime than that of Westminster, with incentives for those willing to work in more remote parts of the country.
Of course, whether this sense of identity translates into support for the Yes campaign remains to be seen (Meer cautions that Asians have also played a prominent role in the No campaign). Ethnic minorities comprise only a small percentage of Scotland’s population: around 4 per cent.
The involvement of Scots Asians does, however, point to the deep roots and broad nature of the campaign for independence, which is widely seen as an opportunity for positive change across the board. Riaz, the academic, is a case in point. Brought up in England but a resident of Scotland for the past 29 years, Riaz was a relative newcomer to politics until a few years ago. Then she joined the SNP because of its anti-war stance and opposition to weapons of mass destruction stance.
While she is no longer a party member, she supports the independence campaign and the opportunities it opens up, in relation to rebuilding the welfare state part-demolished by the government in Westminster. “It’s a question of whether you want to be governed by people who live and work in Scotland,” she says. “And the September 18th referendum is one chance we have to make that decision and see whether we can go forward as a progressive nation which looks after the poor and marginalised.”
Real issues
While Westminster has attempted to portray some of the independence campaigns’ aspirations — including strengthening the welfare state, education system and NHS — as unrealistic, many disagree. James Meadway, a senior economist at London-based independent think tank the New Economics Foundation, argues that with its substantial income from a number of industries from oil to whiskey and a big potential for renewable energies an independent Scotland would potentially have a huge trade surplus. “The arguments about low oil reserves are not very credible and not consistent with what we know about business investment, which has been shooting up. Even if reserves are on the lower end you still have billions of pounds of oil — and even at a high rate of decline that is still a lot of welfare you can provide,” he says.
In cities and rural communities across Scotland, political debate is raging fiercely as the day of decision approaches. Observers on the ground point to engagement with politics being evident everywhere, from the posters (‘Yes’ or ‘Better Together’) glaring from windows and hoardings to the robust reception given politicians flying in from London. With estimates of voter turnout already exceeding 80 per cent, Scotland seems to be giving the rest of the United Kingdom a lesson in political engagement, grassroots democracy and the possibility of a different road ahead.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Too many hungry stomachsNo meals ready That elusive fistful of rice
India’s experience will help it lead the charge on hunger and food security worldwide
Can India defeat hunger and malnutrition? It’s a question that’s been asked many times and at the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), we are confident that the answer is not only “yes it can”, but that India, a founding member of FAO, can play a leading role in eradicating hunger worldwide.
Following Independence in 1947, India resolved to tackle the scourge of famine that had repeatedly blighted its human and social landscape for hundreds of years. In a matter of decades, with political fortitude and technical ingenuity, the spectre of famine was finally laid to rest. Ever since, India has continued to develop the expertise, knowledge and capacity to win the war against hunger. It has already proved its ability for innovation in the Green Revolution that saved millions from hunger. It has established state-of-the-art science and technology institutes and its agricultural research facilities attract researchers from across the Asia-Pacific region.
India also has one of the most impressive economic growth rates of recent years. As one of the Brics countries (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa), it was at the vanguard of the initiative to establish a Brics development bank.
Collectively, these efforts and developments help move India and the world forward to the ultimate goal of eradicating hunger and ensuring food security. Indeed, around the world gains have been made in our common objective to reduce by half the proportion of hungry people by 2015 — a key Millennium Development Goal. India has 20 million fewer hungry people than it had in 1990 while the percentage of undernourished fell by 35 per cent during the same period.
Monumental tasks ahead
But we must be under no illusion about the monumental task still before us. There are still more than 800 million hungry people on this planet — and nearly one in four of them live in India. We must aim for zero hunger — it is not just a moral imperative, it is also a path to social justice and a preventive measure against civil unrest.
The challenge of ending hunger at home for India and the will to play a more significant role on the international scene are mutually supportive goals. In this respect, we are seeing the growing importance of South-South Cooperation where the exchange of ideas and development solutions is inspiring and helping others to find their own answers to overcoming poverty and hunger.
In India and across the Asia-Pacific region there is increasing awareness of the role that family farmers and smallholders play in eradicating hunger and conserving natural resources -- the central elements of the sustainable future we want. Fittingly, the United Nations named 2014 the International Year of Family Farming.
Many of India’s family farmers are subsistence producers who may struggle to grow to meet their own families’ needs.
At the same time, experiences in many countries show that family farmers respond well with increased sustainable production if the appropriate policy environment is effectively put in place. We need to transform family and smallholder farming to make it more productive, more profitable to the family farmer — and sustainable — as part of the solution to eradicating hunger.
The fight for nutrition
We must also recognise that while fighting hunger remains our biggest challenge, malnutrition manifests itself in many ways. How to ensure adequate nutrition and firmly place the right to healthy diets near the top of the global development agenda will be centre-stage at the Second International Conference on Nutrition (ICN2), being jointly organised by FAO and the World Health Organisation, and to be held in Rome on November 19-21.
The world has a lot to learn from India. Its unbroken narrative from ancient agriculture based civilisations of the Indus valley to the modern, largest democracy in the world today, has been a source of ideas and inspiration worldwide. FAO and India have a deep-rooted history of cooperation. At FAO, we are committed to continue that work with India to promote food security and sustainable development.
The writer is the director-general of the FAO
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Welcoming King MahabaliUpdated: September 4, 2014 20:44 IST
Welcoming King Mahabali
Tweet
The Hindu The Onam sadhya at Ente Keralam. Photo: R. Ravindran
The Hindu Jaya Prasad, branch chef at Ente Keralam, says that the past few years have seen an increase in the number of localites who come in to try the feast. Photo: R. Ravindran
TOPICS
traditional food
Onam weekend is here and Raveena Joseph meets the man behind the fare at Ente Keralam.
The rice is fatter than usual. Red rice, traditionally served in the Onam sadhya, is also harder and decidedly heavier. It is plated up on a banana leaf, surrounded by little goblets containing kaalan, olan, thoran and avial. There’s also inji thayir, kichadi, pachadi and erusseri. There is nei paruppu to start the meal; sambar, rasam and kachiya moru to keep it going and curd to end it. Four kinds of pickle, four types of chips and another four varieties of payasam supplement the meal.
The Onam sadhya brings family and friends together during the harvest festival in Kerala. In Chennai, it is a season to indulge in cultural fine dining. Jaya Prasad, branch chef at Ente Keralam, says that the past few years have seen an increase in the number of localites who come in to try the feast. On Onam day, 32 kitchen staff spend over 12 hours in cutting, chopping and preparing the sadhya. On any other day during the festival, the process easily takes five hours.
For the past eight years, Thirumeni Unnikrishnan Namboodiri has come down from Thrissur to anchor the spread. This year, they also have an ottathullal dance show. While the performance makes conversation difficult, it sets the mood for Onam celebrations. A special table mat, with a message from Thirumeni Unnikrishnan, explains the different components of the sadhya and offers directions on how to eat it according to traditional practices. The payasams, he writes, are to be consumed starting with the lightest and moving on to the darker ones.
Thirumeni Unnikrishnan, also an ayurvedic doctor, follows traditional rules when he prepares the meal — no onion, no garlic and no artificial masala. “The sadhya is based on the sattva guna diet, meaning there are no overpowering flavours and the food is cooked in a pure vegetarian kitchen,” says Thirumeni Unnikrishnan. Out of the 25 odd dishes in the sadhya, he enjoys making the ghee payasam the most, as it is traditionally offered to his favourite deity, Devi.
The son of a priest cum cook himself, the 63-year-old took over from his father and has been preparing Onam sadhyas for the past 40 years.
The first year he started cooking for Ente Keralam, he made sure all the food was cooked and ready to serve by 9 a.m. He then took a flight back home to for lunch, for an Onam Sadhya prepared by his wife. "She can cook too," he says casually, but it's obvious he's the culinary professional in the family.
For eight years since then, he hasn't shared an Onam meal with his family. He is often on duty for 36 hours straight during festival time, overlooking preparations. Shuttling between different Ente Keralam restaurants and fussing over the sadhya leaves him with little time to do much else. 
In Ente Keralam, the Onam sadhya is available till the 8 of September, priced at Rs. 495 onwards.
For reservations: 3221 6589

Trending teaching methodsUpdated: September 4, 2014 18:56 IST
Trending teaching methods
The Hindu It all adds up to loads of joy. Photo: V. Sreenivasa Murthy
The Hindu Making learning fun. Photo: V. Sreenivasa Murthy
The Hindu Making learning fun. Photo: V. Sreenivasa Murthy
TOPICS
education
When a teacher adopts methods that are simple yet novel, students are bound to learn faster and better.
September 5 and another Teacher’s Day. While some things never change, some do including how teachers teach. From taking lessons under the shade of a tree and going on excursions to places one is learning about in Geography to playing educational games in the classroom, today’s teachers are getting rather creative. Here is the lowdown on teaching methods that are now trending.
According to Heta Sheth, a mathematics teacher, “The teaching-learning process is one of the most enjoyable ones when innovative methods like problem/project based learning, flipped teaching, assessment for learning, interactive online activities and a friendly approach are used.
“These are some of my best practices and using them has only helped me see my students blossom. They enjoy the process and love math. To me, that is the ultimate satisfaction.”
When a teacher adopts methods that are simple yet novel, students are bound to learn faster and better. Joyce Selvaraj, a middle school supervisor and math teacher states: “I usually start my classes by getting the children to flex their muscles and then relax.
“Given that there are students who find the subject boring or difficult, it helps to crack jokes in between to keep them alert. I also get them to do a lot of mental sums related to their everyday lives, such as observing number plates of vehicles and adding them up. Getting kids involved is crucial so it’s good to give them a chance to come to the board and solve problems. There is teaching as well as learning taking place simultaneously.”
All work and no play sure makes Jack a dull boy which is probably why today’s teachers are bringing the fun element of games into the classroom. “For subjects like English, crossword puzzles, boggle, hangman and scrabble work like magic. In senior school, since the kids study drama, there’s nothing quite like making them enact the script, complete with costumes and props. I also get students to teach short poems and essays. This gets them to research for themselves and sharing what they’ve learnt also ensures that they don’t forget what they’ve studied. As far as Geography goes, I find that children learn better using multimedia. Also, it helps to provide historical milieu which can be told as a story to support their study about a particular place in context,” explains Melinda D’Souza, a social science teacher.
Even without adopting innovative methods of teaching, music is a fun subject to learn for most but Sharon Clarance, a music teacher observes: “I find that even in a music class, younger kids can get really distracted so for now I’ve assigned the third and fourth graders a project wherein they are divided into groups and have to come up with a rhythm of their own using handclaps. At the next stage, the groups will have to write a four line verse to match the tune they’ve composed and each of these groups will have to present their songs in class. The incentive for the best group is that they get to perform in front of the junior school during the assembly. I also show kids music videos from Disney movies every now and then. Characterisation of notations in music is another new concept I’m adopting in teaching music.”
Keeping abreast with the times, embracing new methods of teaching and opening up new arenas for students to express their talents and learning has always worked wonders in and out of the classroom.

HP weighed backing out of Autonomy dealSeptember 4, 2014 6:42 pm
HP weighed backing out of acquiring Autonomy
By Murad Ahmed in London and Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e11e5b1c-3374-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

An unequal world is an economic threatSeptember 4, 2014 6:43 pm
An unequal world is an uncharted economic threat
By Gillian Tett
Since the global economic crisis of 2008, western growth rates have been disappointing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f0a593b2-3413-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Twitpic shutting down after Twitter threats0
"Unfortunately we do not have the resources to fend off a large company like Twitter to maintain our mark which we believe wholeheartedly is rightfully ours. Therefore, we have decided to shut down Twitpic," Everett wrote.
Twitter, which has 271 million monthly users, said in a statement that it was "sad" to see Twitpic shut down its service. "We encourage developers to build on top of the Twitter service, as Twitpic has done for years, and we made it clear that they could operate using the Twitpic name. Of course, we also have to protect our brand, and that includes trademarks tied to the brand," Twitter said.
The dispute with Twitpic is not the first time that Twitter has tangled with third-party apps and services that are based on its social network. In 2011 Twitter temporarily blocked UberTwitter, a mobile app that offered a specialized way to use Twitter, for violating Twitter's trademark and its policies.

Scientists: Quake Directed Its Main Force at NapaAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

6 Ways to Refresh Your Brand Without Starting From Scratchreddit
Your brand will get stale and need an update after a while, but it's not always a good idea to rebuild from the ground up.
Brands are organic. It takes time to create one worthy of your company, but by the time you launch it takes on a motivation and an existence of its own. The brand becomes bigger than the company itself, or any individual within the company.
But brands also decay. Colors, fonts, styles, and voices come and go like fashions over the years, and what was relevant for your brand ten years ago may no longer be worth pursuing. Still, complete rebrands are painstaking endeavors, and may alienate your current audience.
If your brand needs a facelift but you aren't ready to overhaul your entire vision, try one of these refreshing strategies:
1. Build a new website. One of the easiest ways to breathe life into your brand is to redesign your website. It will appeal to old and new customers alike without making you change your core identity.
2. Keep the name and the colors, ditch the rest. Your customers should recognize your name and core brand colors easily, but at the same time you'll gain the flexibility to play with your font choices and other minor brand attributes.
3. Add a new segment of your business. If you want to step into a new space with a new target audience, consider making a sub-brand specifically for it.
4. Get social. Your social media voice will differ from your core brand voice, so take the opportunity to liven up your conversations and find a new angle.
5. Experiment with a new tagline. Taglines can make a big impact. Try one that better reflects your current goals and motives.
6. Simplify what you have. If your branding is overly detailed, try a simpler version. Abbreviate your name. Minimize the design of your logo.
Of course, if it's been more than ten years, it may be time for something more radical. Your decision should ultimately depend on your budget, your current customer base, and your own gut instincts.
Jose Vasquez is a serial entrepreneur and tech enthusiast dedicated to helping startup technology companies get the direction and momentum they need to succeed. As the founder of Build. Brand. Blast. , Jose has established a collective resource for tech entrepreneurs to consult when brainstorming, creating, launching, or expanding a new business. Jose is also the founder and CEO of Quez Media Marketing, a marketing firm that combines technology and creativity to help new and growing companies get the results they need.
Jose graduated from Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
Follow Jose:

Atlas Mara raises stake in Nigerian bankSeptember 5, 2014 8:28 am
Bob Diamond’s Atlas Mara raises stake in Union Bank of Nigeria
By Andy Sharman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/defd6846-34c3-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Former Serco boss takes John Menzies helmSeptember 5, 2014 8:43 am
Former Serco boss Jeremy Stafford takes helm at John Menzies
By Claer Barrett and Jane Wild
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5036ea7a-34c7-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CBI chief Ranjit Sinha s actions raises more questions than answersNivedita Mookerji |  New Delhi Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:23 AM IST
CBI chief's meetings at home raise questions of propriety
The fact that Sinha met many of the people connected to the case at his residential complex is a clear indicator of things gone amiss
Ever since the names of people who met Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) director Ranjit Sinha at his home office in the past several months have come out, the top sleuth has gone all out to say he has done no wrong and nobody can stop him from meeting people.
In one of his defiant statements, he said: “You have to often catch a thief through a thief,” implying that he’s been getting information from his visitors, and that this has enabled CBI to crack many cases.
ALSO READ:  Ranjit Sinha: In the hot seat
 
That may be partly correct, but Sinha’s argument seems to be faulty, according to experts. While technically the CBI chief can hold meetings at his residential office, it is the kind of people who are listed in the visitors’ logbooks as well as the frequency of their visits that is raising questions. “The core point is whether the meetings are furthering the cause of justice or not. The role of an investigator is nothing but that,” said a former CBI director.
The visitors’ diary, or diaries, are believed to be filled with controversial names, including those of industrialists, company executives and politicians with links to the 2G telecom scam and coalgate. The fact that Sinha, who’s heading the probe on both 2G and coal case that shook the nation, met these people at his residential complex (even if it is at the home office), at times late in the night perhaps without any written record of the interactions, is a clear indicator of things gone amiss, according to a civil servant.   
ALSO READ:  CBI chief says will hit back with perjury case against Bhushan
 
The questions that are being asked by top government officials are, why could not these same set of people meet the CBI chief at his office? What were the constraints in organising meetings at his spacious office in the CGO Complex, New Delhi? Was it the convenience of the visitors or the CBI chief himself that was kept in mind while allowing meetings at his residence? Just to put things in perspective, Sinha’s residence at 2, Janpath, is less than 5 km away from the CBI headquarters at the CGO complex, and in normal traffic the two destinations are apart by 10 minutes when travelling by car. There may not be a ready answer to those questions at this point, but a top bureaucrat pointed out that a residential office is sanctioned to top officials including the CBI chief for working at home beyond office hours and giving dictations to personal staff.
“But, such meetings with industrialists and company executives, who are linked to cases under investigation, are against any norm and, therefore, raise suspicion,” he added.
Former CBI chief Vijay Shankar told Business Standard that keeping a residential office is the director’s prerogative. “But, in case people involved in the investigation were given appointment at residential office, was it to each and everyone who sought it depending on the time available to him, or was it given to a particular kind of people?” he asked. “From what has come out in the media, the practice of giving appointment to persons under investigation, that too repeatedly, is highly suspicious,” said Shankar, who held the position of CBI director for three years.
Another former director of CBI, who did not want to be named, said: “I never met anybody at my home office other than personal staff who facilitated work.”
With just about two months to go before his term ends, will the government take any step to intervene? The buzz is that there may be a change in the rulebook that could actually end the CBI chief’s term before the due time. Sinha has said that he will not resign, and is planning a perjury case against Prashant Bhushan, the petitioner who brought the visitors’ log book to the court. However, what view the Supreme Court takes on Monday on the matter might hold the key. Sinha had not so long ago agreed with the Supreme Court that the agency was indeed a “caged parrot”. The current controversy raises the question of how much of a caged parrot the CBI actually is, and what can be done to change the complexion of the premier investigative agency.
 Advertisements

Modi to students: I am a task master  I work myself & take work from others alsoYou are here: Home > Collections
Narendra Modi on Teachers' Day: I am a task master, I work myself and take work from others also
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 04.28PM IST
Tags:
PM Narendra Modi
('There is need to find out…)
NEW DELHI: In a first, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today turned a teacher interacting with lakhs of school children across the country through video conferencing, laying emphasis on girls' education, cleanliness and the need to protect environment while describing himself as a "task master".
Choosing the occasion of Teachers' Day, the birth anniversary of late philosopher-statesman S Radhakrishnan, he gave a pep talk to the students as well as teachers, stressing on building respect for the profession of teaching, character building and skill development.
For the 90-minute interaction arrangements were made in lakhs of schools across the country even though governments in states like West Bengal and Tamil Nadu did not show much enthusiasm.
The event also brought out the lighter side of Modi who confessed to being mischievous in his childhood and regretted that childhood was being lost in the current age.
During the interaction with a gathering of children, telecast live across the country, he narrated anecdotes and faced questions from the floor as well as from six cities from Leh to Thiruvananthapuram through video conferencing.
"Your style conveys an image that you are a head master. Are you tough like a head master or are you sweet," asked a girl student from Delhi.
"I am a task master. I do a lot of hard work and extract hard work from others. I told officers in my first interaction that if you work for 11 hours, I am ready to work for 12 hours, if you work for 12 hours, I am ready to work for 13 hours," Modi said.
His gentle query to the girl whether she was accompanied by her head master evoked laughter in the audience that had a good sprinkling of teachers.
A boy from Manipur asked how to he can become the Prime Minister. In response, Modi said he hailed from a humble family and never thought of reaching the top.
"That is the beauty of our democracy and our Constitution-makers. Anybody can become the Prime Minister if you win the confidence and love of the people," he told the questioner.
"Start preparing for 2024, Till then I have no threat," he said, adding "I hope you will call me for your swearing-in", in remarks that again sent the audience into peals of laughter.
One girl asked Modi what change he feels on becoming PM after having been a Chief Minister.
"Not much change between the CM and the PM's work. Only the responsibility is a little more. In the person's life, there is no change. I continue to rise early and work till late in the night.
"But there is one difference. One or two words here and there would make no difference in the state. But I will have to worry that no harm is caused to the country. I have to be conscious," the Prime Minister said.
"I have no difficulty in getting work out of officers. With ease, I can get work out of them," he said.
To a question, he said experience as well as education are important in the making of a person.
Asked what kind of a person he is in real life, he replied, "I am yet to discover myself. I have not been able to know who I am. I am not able to decide who I am."
In his remarks earlier, he said there was a need to develop scientific temper, discipline and good habits.
Modi also said children should develop responsibility towards nature and environment by conserving power, water and other natural resources.
  Asked what type of students would he like if he were a teacher, he said a good teacher does not discriminate on the basis of ability. Like a mother who treats all children alike, a teacher should also not discriminate on the basis of ability or super ability.
One student asked what kind of mischief he used to indulge in during childhood. He confessed to doing acts like stapling clothes of a man and a woman and distract 'shehnai' players in marriages.
But he extracted a promise from the students that they would not indulge in such acts.
Lauding girls for excelling in all fields, Modi said educating them means educating two families - parental as well as in-laws but regretted the high drop-out rate.
"Educating girls is my priority," he asserted. Referring to his Independence Day address in which he talked about providing toilets in every school, he said the initiative was aimed at curbing dropout.
"I have noticed that girls drop out of schools by the time they reach class 3rd or 4th just because schools don't have separate toilets for them. They don't feel comfortable. There should be toilets for boys and girls in all schools. We should concentrate on girl students not quitting schools," he said.
On what he would gain by talking to children, Modi said, "If I had to gain things I would not come here. Everything is not about 'laabh' (gain). Work without any 'laabh' and the joy from it is different."
To a question on how children can contribute in nation building, he asked them to help in power conservation by reducing consumption.
The Prime Minister also asked children to imbibe the habit of reading biographies of people who have made a mark in various fields.
Asking children to enjoy childhood, he said, "Don't let the child in you die."
He said childhood was important for life's development, but lamented that "childhood is fast dying" as children are taking to doing big things.
"As students I am sure you have several dreams. If you are determined to move ahead nothing can stop you. Don't let your aspirations become a problem. Take pride in whatever you have achieved in life," he said.
Lamenting on the reduced respect for teachers in society, he said there was need to restore the respect of a teacher.
"Till the time we don't accept this, teachers will not feel proud and nor will success be achieved in society," he said.
On the occasion, Modi launched a book entitled "Swacchh Bharat, Swacchh Vidyalaya".
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Israeli land grab that wasntBy Eugene Kontorovich September 5
This week saw a settlement paradox. After a six-month silent freeze on new settlement permissions, the Israeli government took an administrative action that does not enable a single Israeli to move across the Green Line, and yet was met with unusual outrage and condemnation from John Kerry, Europe and the UN. Then it launched a building project that would let over 2000 families move across the Green Line in Jerusalem, and not a word of criticism has been heard.
Lets start with the so-called “land expropriation” for settlements, as it has widely been d escribed in the press . That characterization is entirely wrong, and appears to uncritically recycle unsupported allegations in Peace Now press release . The declaration is neither an expropriation, nor for settlements.
Indeed, Israel’s action is not a seizure, a taking, condemnation, expropriation, or confiscation. Nor does it establish a new settlement, expand settlements, or in any way change the demographics of the territory.
As I explain in Commentary :
A determination that land is “state land” is a factual, administrative finding that does not change the ownership of land. In the West Bank – like in the American Wes t– massive amounts of land have no private owners. There is nothing unusual about this; indeed, it is even truer inside the Green Line. Moreover, if Israel is indeed an occupying power, it has a duty to administer and maintain the rule of law, and oversee public resources, both of which require the authorities to know what land has private owners and what does not.
An “appropriation” involves taking something that is someone’s. A designation of land as “state land” requires a determination, based on extensive investigation, that it does not have a private owner. The determination can be challenged administratively and judicially, as Palestinian claimants often do, and sometimes prevail.
In other words, nothing has been taken from anyone, or given to anyone. Thus a “state land” determination does not create any new facts or change ownership.
Moreover, designating an area state land does not mean that a Jewish community can be built on it. Both illegal Jewish and Arab building on state land is often demolished. Authorizing a new residential community would require a vast number of additional administrative and political permissions, none of which appear to be remotely forthcoming. Indeed, those who object to Israel’s recent action also object Jews living or even studying on undisputedly private Jewish-owned land in the West Bank.
The hysteria over this announcement illustrates several points. First, it reflects how detached discussions of “illegal settlements” are from international law. The entire legal argument against settlements rests on one sentence of the Fourth Geneva Convention, which prohibits an “occupying power” to “deport or transfer parts of its own civilian population” into the territory it occupies…
None of that has anything to do with the occupying power determining the ownership status of the land, an action which does not transfer or help transfer, and indeed, has nothing to do with the movement of people.
On the other hand, Israel also announced this week the construction of thousands of housing units in eastern Jerusalem for Arab Israelis. If the Geneva Convention indeed forbids building apartments in occupied territory for one’s nationals, it does so without any ethnic discrimination. The question would not be whether the “settlers” are Jews or Arabs, but whether they are part of Israel’s “civilian population.” Yet on this action, the international community was entirely silent.
The outrage over Israel’s “settlement” actions has no basis in law. Moving people is settlement activity, but only when done by Jews. Not moving people is also settlement activity. “Settlement activity” has just become a term of opprobrium with legal pretensions…
Bibi has quietly done exactly what all his critics in the peace camp have long demanded [ by not announcing new settlement construction]. But instead of bringing Abbas to the table, it has sent him on unilateral attacks at the UN and ICC. So instead of giving Netanyahu credit for his silent freeze–credit which would raise serious questions about Abbas’s sincerity–Peace Now and the international community simply define settlements down.
Other useful analysis of the state lands declaration can be found here and here .
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409916738/1409916738000/1409916738 tracking: {authors=Eugene Kontorovich, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=the-israeli-land-grab-that-wasnt, post_id=13045, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 11:32:18 AM close date: Sep 19, 2014 11:32:18 AM

Pritish Nandy Communications to hold AGMPritish Nandy Communications to hold AGM
Al Qaeda wants to portray Modi as enemy of Islam  says US analyst'Al Qaeda wants to portray Modi as enemy of Islam'
PTI
print
Al Qaeda, which has announced the creation of a separate wing for India, wants to portray Prime Minister Narendra Modi as an enemy of Islam and as such India should take its threat "very seriously", a well-known American counter-terror expert said on Friday.
"This video, the first from al Qaeda leader Ayman Al-Zawahri this year, should be taken very seriously. Al Qaeda wants to portray Prime Minister Modi as an enemy of Islam," ex-CIA analyst Bruce Riedel, who is considered to be one of the US' top experts on counter-terrorism, told PTI.
"From its base in Pakistan and with its close links to Lashkar-e-Taiba, al Qaeda is a dangerous menace to India," Riedel said when asked about the latest video of Zawahri announcing al-Qaeda's creation of a new branch for the Indian subcontinent to wage jihad in India, including in Kashmir, Gujarat and Assam with the goal of establishing a caliphate and impose sharia ranging from Afghanistan to Myanmar.
Zawahri had announced new branch of al Qaeda called "Qaedat al-Jihad in the Indian Subcontinent", "seeking to raise the flag of jihad, return Islamic rule, and imposing Sharia across the Indian subcontinent," in the video which was posted on various social media websites including YouTube.
Reiterating that the new Indian government should take the threat very seriously, Riedel said that New Delhi should increase its counter-terrorism co-operation with the US and Afghanistan.
After the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, counter-terrorism cooperation between India and the US has increased significantly.
The US, however, is yet verify the authenticity of the video or the creation of a new wing of al Qaeda.
"We haven't been able to verify that yet. Obviously, we're looking to see if there's more information we can get about this here," state department deputy spokesperson Marie Harf told reporters at her daily news conference.
 
"We also don't regard this announcement as an indication of any new capabilities by al Qaeda," she said.
At the same time, she reiterated that the US remains committed to dismantling al Qaeda anywhere that it poses a threat to the US and make sure that it doesn't renew its threat to America.

HMTMTL forays into Naval Systems productionYou are here: Home > Collections
HMT Machine Tools Ltd forays into Naval Systems production
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 06.09PM IST
Tags:
Bharat Electronics Ltd.
(The first equipment was…)
KOCHI: HMT Machine Tools Ltd has for the first time forayed into the production of Naval Systems by successfully developing 'Directing Gear', a critical onboard equipment for naval application.
The equipment called 'Directing Gear' is an auxiliary of SONAR system developed by Naval Physical and Oceanographic Laboratory , (NPOL) here and has been developed through a collaborative effort with Bangalore based Bharat Electronics, the country's premier Defence Production agency and NPOL.
The first equipment was handed over to Dr Ajit T Kalghatgi, Dierctor (R&D) BEL by HMTMTL Managing Director B M Shivashankar at a function at nearby Kalamassery.
This would also be a major import-substitution for Bharat Electronics Ltd.
This is the first of the three units against a defence order Bharat Electronics, Bangalore had given to HMTMTL. It is for the first time that HMTMTL is entering into the manufacturing of Naval Systems, a press release said.
The major challenge for HMTMTL was to design, manufacture, test, qualify and deliver this complex system within a tight time schedule to facilitate an important order for BEL.
The Directing Gear is a computer-controlled rotary system using state-of-the-art technology. It would be used for supporting and calibrating the 4.5-ton sensor array of the SONAR system. It is designed to withstand harsh environmental conditions such as shock, vibration, temperature and other adverse conditions of the battle field during operation
A MOU was signed between NPOL, BEL and HMTMTL for ensuring successful realization of the Directing Gear in January this year, K K Balachandran, General Manager, said.
The tie up is a major outcome of NPOL's efforts to involve both public and private sector industries in sonar production. It also underlines BEL's interest in utilising its Product Support Centre at Kalamassery to promote sonar systems development through NPOL.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Diamonds sparkle amid mining sector gloomSeptember 5, 2014 12:10 pm
Diamond companies sparkle amid mining sector gloom
By James Wilson and Andrew England
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4864e7d2-3451-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Blackouts cast shadow over Narendra Modi s economic recoveryApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Ukraine  pro-Russian rebels sign ceasefire dealDelhi - [ Min25°C / Max33°C ]     | city weather
Advertisement

Consumer price index inflation still high: Raghuram RajanBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:32 AM IST
Rajan reiterates hawkish view on price rise
Also says PSU banks divestment to be considered after improvement in governance
Inflation in India as measured by the Consumer Price Index (CPI) is off its peak rate of rise but still high due to supply-side rigidities, Citigroup quoted Reserve Bank governor Raghuram Rajan saying so during an investor summit in Boston, USA, on Thursday.
“Food inflation is a source of discomfort and given the sub-par monsoon this year, there is a need to keep an eye on it,” it quoted Rajan.
The RBI chief reiterated his aim to bring CPI inflation down to eight per cent this year and to six per cent by next year, through a sound monetary policy framework. It had accelerated to a two-month high of 7.96 per cent in July, driven by surging prices of vegetables, fruit and milk.
Rajan also said the government needed to improve the governance of public sector banks before it can reduce its stake in these. The measures he mentioned were separation of the roles of chairman and managing director (MD), an increased tenure for MDs to help them formulate long-term strategy, higher compensation for them, and the related need to attract and retain the best talent in state sector lenders.
In recent years, the focus on financial inclusion has increased. To facilitate greater participation of foreign banks, Rajan said RBI might relook at priority sector lending norms. “One possible solution could involve domestic banks doing more agriculture lending and foreign banks doing more SME (small and medium enterprises) lending,” Citigroup quoted Rajan.
The governor said the limits for government securities had been raised and more would be steadily done. He was, he said, comfortable with the current levels.
Economic growth seems to be picking up on the back of political stability and an improved business and investment climate. It is poised to improve towards an annual seven per cent over the next three years. “Given the low per capita income in India, there is a high potential for catch-up with its Asian peers, considering its demographic dividend,” Citigroup quoted Rajan. “Recent developments on resource allocation such as coal may create uncertainty in the short term but long term, is a positive development.”
He considers it prudent to all to be prepared for the eventual exit from low rates. Due to this, he had pushed the average duration of bond holding to three years and built up reserves, while curbing volatility in foreign exchange rates.
Rajan’s vision for India’s banking system involves a more competitive structure. He believes India needs more banks but RBI was a little conservative in the current round of licensing, as it was timed around the elections, quoted Citigroup.
Rajan believes payment banks could play a key role. Telecom companies and supermarkets could get integrated into the payments network. Besides, small banks could target small entrepreneurs, a population currently underserved, it said.
Rajan also said RBI would like to have a flourishing non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) sector, to complement banks. “There is a need to create a system without significant regulatory arbitrage. RBI will come out with a framework around this – however, NBFCs will continue to be more lightly regulated than the banks,” Citigroup quoted Rajan.
 Advertisements

Army chief briefs PM Modi on China  Pakistan bordersituationPrint
Army Chief Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 7:37 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 7:39 pm
Army Chief Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag on Friday met Prime Minister Narendra Modi and is understood to have briefed him about the situation along the borders with China and Pakistan.
The Army chief gave a presentation to him on important issues, Army sources said in New Delhi.
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval was present during the briefing, they said.
The briefing came soon after the Army chief visited the northeastern region to review the operational preparedness of the formations deployed along the Line of Actual Control (LAC).
Gen Suhag had also visited Panagarh in West Bengal to review the progress made by the force in raising the recently-sanctioned 17 Mountain Strike Corps, whose formations would be deployed from Ladakh in Jammu and Kashmir to Arunachal Pradesh in northeast along the LAC.
The situation along the Pakistan front has also been volatile with an increase in ceasefire violations along the Line of Control and the International Border.
Soon after the Prime Minister took over, the Army had briefed him on several issues including the shortages of arms and ammunition being faced by the force.

Gujarat CM gives homework to award winning schoolprincipalsPress Trust of India | Gandhinagar | Posted: September 5, 2014 7:31 pm
Gujarat Chief Minister Anandi Patel gave what she called “homework” on Friday, to award winning teachers and principals, by asking them to adopt at least one ‘anganwadi’ in their respective area.
On the occasion of Teacher’s Day, the Gujarat government felicitated 33 teachers and principals for their exceptional work at Mahatma Mandir here today in the presence of Gujarat Governor O P Kohli.
After giving away the ‘Best Teacher Award’ to 33 such teachers and principals, Patel, who used to work as a school teacher before she joined politics, asked them to spread their knowledge and pass on the benefit to others.
“I am basically a teacher, so I want to give you some homework. Award winning teachers of secondary and higher secondary schools should now adopt one primary school in their area. Similarly, each primary school teacher should adopt one ‘anganwadi’ in their area to spread their knowledge and benefit those who are deprived of it,” Patel said in her speech.
Patel also asked teachers to take up the mission to clean villages. To inspire them, Patel claimed that she and her colleagues used to sweep floors of her school.
“I used to clean the school where I have served as a teacher for 30 years, but I don’t see such sense of involvement and belongingness among today’s teachers. I want all teachers to take up a mission to clean villages. Just give it a try. People will also join your mission,” Patel said.
On the occasion, Gujarat Governor Kohli asked teachers to keep their morale high, as they are much more than salaried employees.
“I urge teachers not to consider themselves as mere salaried employees, because their status is definitely more than that. Once we had global universities like Taxshila and Nalanda, but now, India’s global rank in terms of education is 200th. So I urge teachers to work hard to regain that lost glory,” Kohli said in his speech.

Alibaba a big deal  and that will work against itAlibaba a sure loser in one IPO competition
By: David Craig September 5, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The buzz is building about the upcoming IPO of Alibaba, and the next week or two might finally show if the intense anticipation is warranted.
The much-hyped initial public offering of Chinese e-commerce behemoth Alibaba now is expected to take place as early as next week, though the following week also is a possibility.
Unless you live under a rock, you’ve heard that Alibaba is literally a very big deal. It will be the biggest U.S. IPO if it raises $20 billion as estimated. That easily tops Visa’s $17.9 billion IPO back in March of 2008, says Renaissance Capital. And for comparison with another high-profile IPO, Facebook’s botched offering in May 2012 raised $16 billion.
While Alibaba will be one for the record books in terms of size, it will likely never match the U.S. IPO of another Chinese company in one way: stock performance.
The best first-day IPO gain since the technology bubble burst in 2001 was Chinese web search engine Baidu.com.
Baidu went public back in August of 2005 and exploded out of the starting block, soaring 354% its first day of trading. And it has gone on to gain another 1,600%-plus since.
Best opening IPO gains since 2001
Stock

Decent End to Upbeat WeekRahul Oberoi      Follow @iamrahuloberoi    Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 20:53 IST
Photo: Reuters
Benchmark stock indices traded near all-time highs during the week. The BSE Sensex opened the week at 26,733.18, touched a record high of 27,225 points on Wednesday and closed the week at 27,026. It rose 293 points or 1.1% during the week. The Nifty opened the week at 7,990, touched a high of 8,141 and closed at 8,086 points, up 96 points or 1.2%.
Consumer goods, health care and IT stocks were the top performers. The FMCG index was the only sector index that closed in the red. The BSE Consumer Goods index rose 3.02% to 15,420.9. It was followed by BSE IT (2.92% to 10,405) and BSE Healthcare indices (2.62% to 13,760).
In the BSE 500 index, Abbott India, Motherson Sumi, Bharti Infratel, UPL Ltd, Jyothy Laboratories, Kaveri Seed Company, Tech Mahindra, Tata Consultancy Services and Glenmark Pharmaceuticals touched all-time highs during the week.
Foreign institutional investors , or FIIs, remained net buyers for another week. Their net investment stood at Rs 3,972 crore.
Rakesh Goyal, senior vice president, Bonanza Portfolio, says, "The market looks positive. Trade positions, market activity, derivatives positions and sentiment indicate healthy movement in the coming week. The Ukraine crisis is about to get resolved, which is a positive. We expect markets to remain upbeat and FII flows to continue."
The Sensex fell 113 points on Thursday and Friday. Vikram Dhawan, director, Equentis Capital, says, "In spite of steady flow of positive news, both locally and globally, broad indices appear to be losing momentum. This usually happens when markets are either hugely overbought or when big-ticket buying tapers off. A steep correction is not envisaged at this point in time, though we may be entering a phase of procrastinated time correction."
The HSBC India manufacturing purchasing managers' index data fell to 52.4 in August from 53 in July, showing moderation in manufacturing activity. The HSBC/Markit purchasing managers index for services fell to 50.6 compared to 52.2 in July, again indicating a slowdown. A reading above 50 indicates growth.
At the same time, the HSBC composite output index stood at 51.6 in August, down from 53 in July, showing slowing output growth across the private sector.
Crude oil is still weak. Alex Mathews, head of research, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services, says, "Crude oil is likely to test $92 levels in the near term and even fall below this crucial support level. The key reasons are higher production, lower demand and strong dollar."
The major events to watch out for in the coming week are the release of inflation, industrial production and manufacturing numbers.

Modis Teachers Day speech: Flood plays spoil sport forstudentsPrint
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Muktsar/ Mansa | Posted: September 5, 2014 8:08 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 8:32 pm
With heavy rainfall in the region for the last 20 hours, more than 80 government as well as private schools in Malaut block — falling in Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal’s constituency Lambi — stayed away from Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s speech.
Most of the schools were flooded with 2-3 feet deep water inside their buildings. Also, the students travel 3-5 kms to reach the schools and hence they preferred to stay back due to the heavy rain.
This block was the same which was the worst affected even last year during heavy rains, as a large number of villages had been flooded due to waterlogging. A few of the villages included Ranniwala, Middha, Mohlan, Pakkitibbi and many others. The schools were a mix of primary, middle and high schools. The school heads had been given the charge to decide whether organising a programme was possible or not as per the weather condition.
Apart from this, situation was the same in border areas of Fazilka and Ferozepur where a number of schools could not organise the programme because of no attendance, while in majority attendance was bare minimum. In about 20 schools in Fazilka, there was no power supply and hence radio was the only option and students in Kabul Shah Khubban village and Oddian in Fazilka revealed that the network was so poor that most of the students could not understand anything.
In Mansa, about 15 villages were struggling to drain out water out of the villages as well as the fields and hence listening to the PM speech was the last thing on their minds. Jherrianwali village in Mansa, which is submerged in knee-deep water due to overflowing of Uddag and Musa canal branches, has been powerless for the last five days. As a result, the government high school in this village remained closed since Monday.
Today the school reopened and water could be seen only in the playground, but there was only a thin attendance of students. Moreover, in the absence of power and Internet facility, a battery operated radio was the only option for the students to listen to the live telecast of Modi.
Badal Singh, sarpanch of the village, said: “Our villagers are busy saving lives and stock from the floods. In the present condition, it was not possible for the children to go to school, majority stayed back home. A number of kutcha houses have fallen in our village, while cracks have appeared in pucca houses. Cracks have appeared in the school building also and the parents fear it is not safe for their children to attend school.”
Similar was the situation in Government Primary School Raipur located nearby, where only 80 students, out of nearly 247, turned up. Staff of four teachers switched on the radio set for these students in one room. Two rooms of this school have also been damaged because of rain. In all the schools located in the outskirts of the villages, no programme was organised as students did not turn up. They have to come continued…

Mahabali comes callingUpdated: September 5, 2014 20:19 IST
Mahabali comes calling
CULTURAL HARMONY Graceful appearances and joyful celebration Photo: K. Ravikumar
TOPICS
religious festival or holiday
In the ever bloating metropolis, Onam is a festival for everyone
Despite it traditionally being a regional Hindu festival, Onam today has come to be a cultural one, one that is embraced by people of other faiths and communities. Linked with the harvest season of Kerala, most Malayalees observe all ten days of the harvest festival. On the eve of Thiru-Onam, MetroPlus finds non-Malayalees too are partaking in all the festivity and merriment.
Bangalore being a melting pot of cultures, Onam is now as popular as any other festival native to the state. Althea Rodriguez, an engineer, says: “When I first came to Bangalore from Goa, I didn’t know what the hype was about but the classic white and gold Kerala sari that women in my office wore were so elegant. The very next year, I purchased one too and so have other non-Malayalees. Now nobody feels left out on Onam!”
Trisha Serrao, a homemaker, says: “We live in a building where there are a lot of Malayalee families. Through the ten days of Onam there is some activity or the other to observe the importance of the festival. The children have pookalam designing competitions organised by some of the female residents. We also have teens enact the renowned fable of Onam, complete with costumes and props, at the clubhouse, after which we have a sadya organised for all the residents of the building. We thoroughly enjoy ourselves every Onam.”
The Kasavu sari and mundu sure enjoy the glory on Onam but it is the Onasadya, the nine course meal consisting of 11 to 13 essential traditional dishes, which is the highlight of the day’s festivities. “Bangalore has so many Kerala specialty restaurants across categories and with each of them offering lip-smacking spreads for Onam, every year my friends and I partake of the sadya. I enjoy sitting on the floor and eating off a banana leaf,” says Rishabh Bhog, a financial analyst.
“What I love most about the festival is that it is inclusive. I have so many Keralite friends who invite me home every year for the sadya. It’s like I’m a part of the family and for someone who lives on her own, there’s no better feeling than that of belonging,” feels Manoj Jha, a collegian.
With cultural and religious lines being blurred like this and the North-South gap being bridged so beautifully, unity in diversity may not be such a far-fetched dream in India!

British Prime Minister Delivers Remarks at NATO SummitSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Tornadoes Possible as Storms Target Midwest
EXPLORE.org: Bird Cams - Osprey
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Flight Forced to Return to D.C. in Custody Caseflight forced to return to d.c. in custody case
Modi stresses on skill development in Teachers Day addressModi stresses on skill development in Teachers Day address
Indian firms look to acquire US companies  form JVsIndian firms look to acquire US companies  form JVs
Matra Kaushal Enterprise: Outcome of board meetingMatra Kaushal Enterprise: Outcome of board meeting
FMC winds up Monitoring and Auction Committee at NSELFMC winds up Monitoring and Auction Committee at NSEL
14 killed in landside in Rajouri  thousands flee homes in flood-ravaged Kashmir (Roundup)14 killed in landside in Rajouri  thousands flee homes in flood-ravaged Kashmir (Roundup)
Deutsche Bank sees mixed outlook for Q2FY2015Deutsche Bank sees mixed outlook for Q2FY2015
Airlines draw union flak over fuel tax breaksAirlines draw union flak over fuel tax breaks
Airplanes at O'Hare.
O'Hare International Airport in Chicago.
O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
Union study says airlines get big break on jet-fuel taxes.
States, taxpayers lose because of jet-fuel deals, union group says.
The airline industry is getting $1 billion in tax breaks per year from states on the jet fuel it buys, according to a new study funded by a national labor union.
In Illinois, two separate tax breaks on fuel amount to $85 million a year, said a study by the UNITE HERE International union to be released Tuesday. Nationwide, the tax breaks totaled an estimated $1 billion on 12 billion gallons of jet fuel bought, the study said. UNITE HERE said it represents 33,000 employees in the airport and airline industry.
"This is a lot of money states are giving away in tax breaks ... happening at the same time that airlines are saying they are actually overtaxed and are pushing for new tax breaks," said Adam Yalowitz, a union research analyst focused on airline tax policy and author of the study. "It's just a lot of money that taxpayers are losing out on."
The study is part of a new website, 12billion.org, to launch Tuesday.
Airlines for America, a trade group, said the industry helps create 11 million jobs and $1.5 trillion in economic activity.
@MKT If that money went into creating jobs, paying employees more or giving investors like me a dividend, I would agree with your point. But it's not ... the execs loot those savings.
garydpdx
4
"Our employees — and the largest labor unions — know that when the airline industry is financially healthy, they and our customers win because we can invest in benefits, training, planes and other customer amenities," said A4A spokeswoman Jean Medina. "No one wins when the industry, our customers and our employees are forced to shoulder higher taxes."
Airline taxes and fees amount to more than $60 on a $300 round-trip ticket, according to the trade group. Legislatively, it is pushing for a national bill that would allow airlines to prominently advertise fares without including government fees, saying this would highlight how much the industry is taxed. The bill has been roundly criticized by consumer advocates.
Airlines for America also filed a court action against the Transportation Security Administration, asking a U.S. appeals court to review a TSA fee hike that took effect last month, calling it an "unlawful TSA cash grab."
This is not the first time in Illinois that airlines have come under fire over fuel purchases.
The Regional Transportation Authority sued United Airlines and American Airlines for their jet fuel purchasing practices. Airlines were using what some describe as a loophole to buy jet fuel in virtually unoccupied satellite sales offices in areas with lower tax rates than in Chicago — where the airlines take delivery and use the fuel. In the most recent suit, against American Airlines, the RTA claims the practice cost it, Chicago and Cook County some $24 million in 2013.
The airlines have said the practice is lawful.

What Life Is Like Today For 9/11 Widow Whose Spending Spree Sparked OutragePrevious Story
Next Story
What Life Is Like Today For Kathy Trant, The 9/11 Widow Whose Spending Spree Sparked Outrage (VIDEO)
Posted:
reddit
On Sept. 11, 2001, Dan Trant left his home on Long Island and arrived at his office on the 104th floor of the World Trade Center. He was in the North Tower when the first plane struck the building below his office that morning, and immediately called his wife, Kathy. He told her he loved her and to take care of their three children. That was the last time Kathy spoke to her husband.
Dan was one of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the terrorist attacks that day, and Kathy's whole life was shattered. The homemaker struggled with her grief and her new life as a widow . That's when she received approximately $4.2 million from the government's Victims' Compensation Fund, along with an estimated $300,000 in charitable donations. But what Kathy ended up doing with the money soon sparked national outrage.
As she struggled with her overwhelming grief, Kathy went on a shopping spree of epic proportions .  She bought hundreds of pairs of designer shoes, countless designer dresses and purses, completely renovated her kitchen, upgraded her home's furniture and even paid for her friends' plastic surgery, including breast reductions, eye lifts and Botox injections.
"After I lost my husband, I had no control," Kathy told Oprah in 2005 . "The spending filled the void."
Even Kathy knew that her shopping addiction couldn't fill the void for very long. Today, her once-lavish life looks much different than it did a decade ago, as she tells "Oprah: Where Are They Now?" . The first major change she made? Selling her spacious New York home and moving into an apartment in Florida.
"I just couldn't live on Long Island in the same house anymore," Kathy says. "It was too big of a house and it brings back too many memories... I just had to move on and start a whole new life."
Kathy says she gave away many of her designer clothes to Goodwill and insists that her shopping addiction is under control. "I go shopping every now and then, but not compulsively," she says.
Looking back at herself on "The Oprah Show" in 2005, Kathy says, is still painful. "I was so lost, so sad," she says. "I had shame. That wasn't the person I wanted to be. It was a very difficult time in my life."
Though she began making positive changes in her life after "Oprah," Kathy suffered a major setback in 2008 when her kids left for college.
"I fell apart. I said, 'I've done my job.' That's what Danny asked me to do when he called me when he was dying. He said he wanted me to just take care of the children and be strong," Kathy says. "But I didn't want to live anymore. I tried taking my life."
After her suicide attempt, Kathy, with the support of her children, was able to get her life back on track.
"With therapy, getting on the right medications, getting off the wrong medications, my children being there for me... that made me realize that life can go on," Kathy says. "Things can get better, and they are OK."

Why do Indians want to study abroadUpdated: September 4, 2014 12:22 IST
Why do Indians want to study abroad?
Philip G. Altbach
The Hindu GREENER PASTURES: A degree from a top foreign university tends to be valued more in the Indian job market than a local degree, a perception based on facts too. File photo: Nagara Gopal
TOPICS
education
When bright students look around India for a place to study for an advanced degree, they find few top-quality programmes
Post-graduate students from India are increasingly choosing to study abroad. The U.S. Council of Graduate Schools’ new statistics show that offers of admission to Indian post-graduate students are up 25 per cent for 2013-14 from the previous year, compared to a 9 per cent increase for all countries. Numbers from China showed no increase compared to last year. While these statistics are only for the U.S., India’s most popular destination, it is likely that other countries such as Germany, Canada and the U.K. are also seeing significant increases from India.
Reasons for departure
Why? There are, no doubt, many reasons why Indians are choosing to study abroad. Two of these factors are troubling for India’s universities and for prospects for the high-tech economy. When bright students look around India for a place to study for an advanced degree, they find few top-quality programmes. In the social sciences and humanities, there are a small number of respectable departments, but absolutely none that are considered by international experts as in the top class of academic programmes. In the hard sciences, biotechnology, and related fields, the situation is more favourable with a few institutions such as the Indian Institutes of Technology, the All-India Institute of Medical Sciences, the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research and some others, despite limited acknowledgement from abroad, being internationally competitive by most measures. But the numbers of students who can be served by these schools is quite limited.
Thus, if a bright Indian wants to study for a doctorate or even a master’s degree at a top department or university in most fields, he or she is forced to study overseas. Further, a degree from a top foreign university tends to be valued more in the Indian job market than a local degree — a perception based not only on snobbery but also on facts. While master’s degrees can be quite costly in the U.S., the U.K., Australia, and elsewhere, doctorates are in fact quite inexpensive because of the likelihood of securing a research or teaching fellowship or assistantship that pays for most or all of the costs.
Not only are overseas programmes and departments more prestigious, they also have far better facilities, laboratories and a more favourable culture of research . Top faculty members are often more accessible and it is easier to become affiliated with a laboratory or institute. Academic politics exists everywhere, and Indians may suffer from occasional discrimination abroad, but overall academic conditions are likely to be better than at home.
Step toward emigration
Finally, studying abroad is often seen as the first step toward emigration. Of course, few students will admit this, but statistics show that a very large proportion of students from India — and also from China, South Korea and other Asian countries — choose to stay in the U.S. following the completion of doctoral degrees. Data from the U.S. National Science Foundation’s Survey of Earned Doctorates show that 80 per cent or more of students who complete their PhDs in the U.S. from India and some other Asian countries remain in the U.S.
Since everyone who completes a doctorate is required to fill the survey, the data is quite accurate. Further, the U.S. and other host nations are making it easier for foreign doctoral holders to remain — boosting their “stay rates”— and in this way contribute to the brain drain.
The reasons for deciding not to return to India are varied and not hard to discern. Better salaries and facilities abroad, easier access to research funds, working on cutting-edge topics and many others are part of the mix. And while some are lured back to India later in their careers, the numbers are small. Once established overseas, either in a university or in the research or corporate sectors, it is difficult to return.
It may be relevant to note that the rate of Chinese post-graduate students going abroad is flat after a number of years of steady increases. A likely explanation, with relevance for India, is that China has invested heavily in its top-tier universities and now has significant quality and capacity in most academic fields for post-graduate study. Chinese students are no longer obliged to go abroad for high-quality programmes, with an apparent trend toward choosing to remain at home .
Solutions
There is no short-term solution to this problem for India . The only remedy is to build up high-quality capacity in key disciplines at national institutions so that a greater number of Indian students can obtain excellent training at home. This means significant investment over time, and careful choices about where to invest since all universities cannot be top research universities.
It also means significant changes in India’s academic culture to ensure that meritocracy operates at all levels. China’s top universities are beginning to show up in the mid-levels of the global rankings, an indication that they are having some success. India, so far, is nowhere to be seen.
(Philip G. Altbach is research professor and director of the Center for International Higher Education at Boston College, U.S.)

We are seeing traction growing for us: Blackberry MDAjita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 20:55 IST
Sunil Lalvani, Managing Director, BlackBerry India (Photo: Shekhar Ghosh)
BlackBerry is no longer the most sought after smartphone device, with more and more Indians migrating to competing brands. However, Sunil Lalvani, Managing Director, BlackBerry India, claims that the recent Z3 launch has been a huge success. In a conversation with Ajita Shashidhar, Lalvani talks about his company's four-pillar strategy and how the enterprise software business is becoming increasingly crucial for the company. Excerpts:
Q- BlackBerry is longer a smart phone-only company. Can you tell us about this shift in strategy?
A- When we first launched our smartphones  companies loved the fact that they could get lot of productivity by having their virtual office on their device. That was more than a decade ago and we built on that success over the years to continue extending services and software to the corporate sector and to enterprises. So, Blackberry has always been offering software and solutions to customers, be it corporate customers or professional users/consumers.
Over the last two years a lot of companies have adopted iOS and Android, so the terminology called BYOD (bring your own device) has become common. This has brought down their capital expenditure, as they don't have to buy devices and give to their employees. They allow employees to bring their own device but they enable the corporate e-mail. When you are accessing company information and data on your personal device, there comes in an element of security. So how does the company ensure that this data is not getting compromised? Many financial services companies, pharmaceutical, retail and FMCG companies rely on a lot of data. There is a lot of sensitive data that goes around in the corporate environment and employees are accessing that data irrespective of the device. That's where security comes in and that's where BlackBerry comes in. One of the biggest strengths of BlackBerry is that it is one of the most secured platforms.
As things stand today, our Bes10, the enterprise software solution, has received certification from independent third-party certification providers. For BB10 we have 45 independent certifications. That's a testimony to the fact that BlackBerry is a very secure platform. So, irrespective of an employee bringing an Android or iOS to work, we can secure and manage that data. This has become the big differentiator for us today and it constitutes a large chunk of the 60 per cent revenue that comes from services and software.
It has been very successful for us in the last one year, for the simple reason that as growth of Android devices increases, the security concerns within the work environment are also being raised. India had the highest malware and spyware attacks last year from an Internet perspective. Most of these came from mobile platforms. That's where we walk in and ask corporate houses to deploy Blackberry's Bes10 enterprise server, that takes care of iOS, Android and BlackBerry. By the year end we would be adding Windows to it as well. Our revenue model in that is the license fee, which is an annual fee which a customer pays us to secure his or her mobile infrastructure irrespective of these three platforms. That's our core strength and the big differentiator that we are driving in the market.
Q- Why is it that you haven't talked about this earlier? BlackBerry is known more for its smartphones.
A-This solution is something which we talk to corporate houses a lot, because at the end of the day both the employee and employer benefit from deploying a Bes10 server. The person deploying it is always the employer as he needs to secure the work environment. We have been talking about it actively, but our mode of talking is different. Instead of doing above-the-line activities around that, we are doing CIO round tables, we are participating in CEO forums to talk about while BYOD is a boon, it also poses certain security challenges. They unanimously agreed that while BYOD reduces capex it also exposes the company to security vulnerability. So, you won't find us putting out a TV commercial on this for the simple reason that people won't understand what we are talking about.
Q- Has the enterprise software business always been bigger than the devices business?
A- No, it wasn't always bigger. About three years back about 60 per cent of our revenue came from hardware devices and 40 per cent from enterprise software. One of the reasons is because three years ago we didn't have this particular software for Android and iOS, what we had was a software just to manage BB devices. We rolled out Bes10 only in February 2013. In little over a year we have seen more than 35,000 Bes10 server deployments globally. Bes10 has opened up a larger addressable opportunity.
Each Bes10 server can scale up to multiple users. One Bes server can scale up to 30,000 users. India is one of the key contributors to the growth of Bes 10. Last quarter we rolled out a licensing programme called EZ Pass, which will help you migrate your existing management tools to move to Bes10. The EZ Pass programme was started in March this year and in the first quarter alone we sold 1.2 million EZ Pass licenses. Again, India was a sizeable contributor to this. That showed  us there is a huge market for software. The beauty of this software is it bifurcates work and personal use. So, you can continue using Facebook, Twitter without any hindrance from the company and yet your work data stays under the control of the company.
Going forward, we would launching Bes 12, which will take care of iOS, Android, Blackberry and Windows. Bes 12 is backward compatible to existing BlackBerry devices. So, a customer doesn't have to throw away his or her infrastructure, its backward compatible, which means a lot of investment protection.
Q- Can you elaborate on your business model?
A- Our business model is built around four pillars, one of them being devices, the second is enterprise software, the third one is BBM (the messaging service) and the fourth is Internet of things.
The third pillar, BBM, started the revolution of instant messaging. The youth segment took it on very quickly. You had to be a BB user to communicate with each other. Now BBM is also available across platforms. We have more than 85 million active users of BBM globally who are using it across platforms. India again forms a sizeable chunk of this business.
There are multiple instant platforms there for you to choose. However, BBM has the unique advantage of running on a network controlled and managed by BlackBerry. We have a global network that spans across 175 countries and we respect your privacy. If I have your mobile number I can ping you on other platforms as your identity is your mobile number. You may choose not to stay in touch with me but you have no choice as your identity is your mobile number. With BBM, the PIN number of your device is your identity, if you don't share your PIN number with me, I can't reach out to you. That's the differentiator.
A CEO of a leading FMCG company once told me that he gets a lot of sales data which he shares with his team. All of them are exposed to all kinds of social media platforms, so what stops an user from taking his sales data and putting it on a social media platform and publishing it to competition. He was concerned. We have rolled out a service called BBM Protected. It is a service by which you and me can stay in touch over BBM and have our messaging completely encrypted into it. There will be no possibility of third-party intervention. It becomes a closed user group.
We launched BBM Protected last month. We have got a fantastic response. Our charges for this is $29.95 a year. It is a published price we have globally. That is the new avatar of messaging we are taking forward through BBM Protected.
We have a roadmap to take that beyond. We have a complete enterprise BBM suite offering targeted at corporates and we would monetise it.
Our fourth pillar is Internet of things. Blackberry acquired a company called QNX, which is an embedded real time operating software which goes into equipment. It could be anything that is mission critical. Top-end luxury cars, all of them use QNX-embedded software in their cars. Even medical equipment companies and air traffic control use QNX. Each one of these sectors is classified as mission critical sectors and requires high amount of efficiency and reliability. We have brought QNX into India. We are talking to healthcare, automotive, power and energy sectors to begin with.
Coming to devices, it is a key chunk of our focus as most people associate the brand with devices. We recently launched Z3, which we launched in partnership with Foxconn (out of Indonesia) and that helped us reduce our prices. Previously, all our devices were manufactured in the US. Z3 is launched at Rs 15,900 in India, so it actually helped us bring the cost down. The Z3 caters to the mid-market segment and Z30 is for the high-end market.
Q- How does QNX work?
A- Many times in the auto sector, companies recall their vehicles, that is because they get frequent complaints from consumers. QNX gives real-time updates back to the auto manufacturer and says this batch of cars is having a similar issue. The message that will come on the dashboard is 'please get your car checked for free at your closest service centre'. That's a wow customer experience.
Q- The BlackBerry devices are no longer as popular, and this has led to a drop in profitability. Do you see a revival?
A- That is one of the reason I am sharing the four-pillar strategy with you and how each one of these pillars significantly contributes to revenue. If you look at the last quarter results, Q1 in particular, our cash reserves grew significantly.
We have already seen a huge off-take of Z3. We have seen a virtual stock-out situation of Z3. It's been two months since launch and it continues to sell very well. Z3 was conceptualised with emerging markets in mind, so the feedback that has come in from users who have tried out other platforms is that battery life on many platforms is a big challenge, specially on full touch devices. We have taken that feedback and Z3 comes with a 2500 mAh battery, but the beauty of that is coupled with the operating system, processor and the battery gives you a fantastic full day plus battery life and that's what people are loving. We are finding a clear comeback of users who migrate away from BlackBerry. We are seeing the traction growing for us.
Q- But the focus as of today is much more on the enterprise software business?
A- It is. If you look at the market evolution in the last two years, today you have a smartphone being launched virtually every week. You also have Android One coming out which will bring down prices further. So, you have to choose where your strengths are. Everything that I talked to you about positions us in the mid to high-end segment. So how do we compare ourselves with a low-priced Chinese handset? We don't want to play in that low-margin, high-volume segment.

Gap Stores in India by April 2015: Arvind LtdYou are here: Home Industries
Gap Stores in India by April 2015, Says Arvind Ltd
NDTV | Updated On: September 04, 2014 00:32 (IST)
Apple Unveils the Watch, Larger iPhones at Star-Studded Event
Arvind Ltd will open Gap stores in India by April of next year, chairman and managing director Sanjay Lalbhai told NDTV. The first store will either be in Mumbai or Delhi, he said.
"It (first Gap store) will either be in Bombay or Delhi, which is the first one I don't know. The discussions are on, and I think it should happen by April of next year," Mr Lalbhai said. ( Watch )
Gap is a popular American apparel brand. It has partnered with Arvind Lifestyle Brand Ltd, a unit of textile manufacturer Arvind Ltd to come to India.
The Arvind stable already boasts of popular brands like Arrow, US Polo, Tommy Hilfiger and Nautica. It has 16 international brand licences in all, in its kitty.
The Gap stores in India will be owned and operated by Arvind through a licencing agreement.
Gap is headquartered in San Francisco, California. It operates five primary brands- Gap, Banana Republic, Old Navy, Piperlime, Intermix, and Athleta.
"It (Gap) has given us a licence to bring the entire Gap lifestyle to this country. So we'll be opening the Gap stores. All the merchandise will be bought from Gap, so it will be the international merchandise which will be available to the Indian consumers and we'll be paying them (Gap) a royalty," Mr Lalbhai said.
The company will open 40 Gap stores across the country with an investment of Rs 400 crore and expects an annual revenue of Rs 1,000- 1,200 crore.
Story first published on: September 03, 2014 16:58 (IST)

CCI Says Sun s Takeover of Ranbaxy May Hurt CompetitionJack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
Mumbai:
India's antitrust regulator said on Thursday it had made an initial observation that Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd's agreed $3.2 billion acquisition of Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd could hurt competition, asking the companies to provide more details.
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) is still investigating the deal, but has formed a "prima facie opinion that the combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition", according to a government statement on Thursday and a document posted on the regulator's website.
Sun and Ranbaxy have been asked by the regulator to publish details of the deal within 10 working days on their websites as well as in four national newspapers. The CCI also sought comments or objections from the public on the proposed deal.
Sun Pharma agreed in April to buy Ranbaxy from Japan's Daiichi Sankyo Ltd to create the world's fifth-largest maker of generic drugs. Both companies have previously said they expect to complete the deal by December.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Mazda reveals 2016 MX-5 Miata2016 Mazda Miata MX-5 announced amidst secrecy on specs.
Mazda celebrates 25th birthday of the Miata by announcing plans for the 4th-gen MX-5.
Mazda's beloved roadster gets SKYACTIV redesign for its 25th birthday.
Twenty-five years after resurrecting the roadster, Mazda has unveiled the latest version of its MX-5 Miata, the bestselling two-seat convertible in history.
The original Miata, a 1990 model, spawned copies from Honda, Toyota, BMW and others. This new crop replaced the charming but notoriously unreliable British roadsters from the likes of MG and Triumph, which by then had halted production.
The Miata also established the Mazda brand as the fun-to-drive alternative to its staid Japanese competitors.
25 years of Miata
"The MX-5 Miata stands as the flag-bearer for everything that a Mazda vehicle is," Jim O'Sullivan, president and chief executive of Mazda North America, said ahead of the simultaneous debuts in Monterey, Calif., Tokyo and Barcelona, Spain, on Wednesday night. "Tonight's reveal is a big deal for us."
The all-new fourth-generation Miata — known only as the MX-5 abroad — goes on sale next year as a 2016 model and is expected to make its North American debut at the 2014 Los Angeles Auto Show in November.
Mazda didn't disclose details on engines, horsepower or other specifications, but expect the formula to stay the same: four cylinders, rear-wheel drive and a six-speed stick shift (an automatic optional). Like all other Miatas, it will prioritize eager handling over raw power.
Mazda shaved roughly 220 pounds off the outgoing model — an impressive feat given the existing car weighs only about 2,500 pounds. It also lost 3 inches in overall length and half an inch in width, a profile closer to the original model.
The design of the new Miata expands on the aesthetic of the rest of Mazda's lineup. Narrow, squinting headlights are etched into a sloping front grill. At the back, circular taillights are offset by turn signals that curve around the side of the car.
The overall look is more angular and less cute than the third-generation Miata, but relies less on a retro theme than the original car.
That original Miata defined affordable thrills for a new generation of buyers. Drawing on the heritage of lost roadsters from brands such as Lotus, MG and Triumph, the first-generation Miata proved a sensation at its Chicago Auto Show debut in 1989.
At the time, no one else offered a rear-wheel-drive sports car in a reliable and value-oriented package. Sports cars such as the Nissan Z and Toyota Supra were getting bigger, heavier and more expensive.
Building a small sports car was a risky venture for any automaker in the late 1980s. "Making a relatively low-volume car on its own dedicated platform didn't make a whole lot of sense," said Ed Kim, vice president of industry analysis at AutoPacific.
Mazda gambled that the Miata's sporting ethos would trickle down to the rest of its lineup. The bet worked, and Mazdas have been known as some of the best-handling vehicles in their respective segments ever since.
The original Miata started at just $13,800. With 116 horsepower moving just 2,181 pounds of mass, it offered thrills in the form of an intimate connection with the road.
cComments
I've owned and driven both Fiats and Alfa Romeos, and currently own a Mazda. I would be hard pressed to purchase the Fiat version of this car, no matter what it looked like or even drove like, given my experience with both brands. Don't get me wrong, I loved my Fiat against all common...
buick48

Do You Like Your Company s Emotion Statementreddit
Decision-making is colored by emotion. Some, like Sir Richard Branson, admit to this openly when they say, "I rely far more on gut instinct than researching huge amounts of statistics." Others claim great pride in quantitative assessments behind their decisions, but are just running away from the unquestionable influence of emotions on corporate decisions. The fact is that corporate leaders -- and the corporations they lead -- rely more on feelings than the data in front of them to make decisions.
This influence of emotions also percolates into how large companies choose to partner with smaller companies or startups. Early in my career, I worked for smaller companies that looked to large corporations for projects. I witnessed firsthand the excitement and confusion in these companies before high-stake engagements. Should we be bold? Should we be reverent? Should we ask questions? Should we point out mistakes? Should we admit our mistakes? These are only some of the many questions that swirl around, with no definite strategy to guide the answers.
Now that I work with a large corporation that relies on many smaller companies to perform their work, I get to sit on the other side of the table. I now see how emotions guide decisions to partner with companies. Surprisingly many companies fail to grasp, or do not want to admit, that their competitors also fulfill the technical threshold required for most projects. Provided commercial implications are similar, companies that are considered for partnerships fulfill emotional needs of these large corporations.
The idea that emotional needs of clients should be addressed exposes a gap in the corporate thinking of many smaller companies. Though these companies spend enormous amounts of time crafting Vision Statements and Mission Statements, they may not realize the impact their Emotion Statement has on their clients. Simply saying, "We don't have an Emotion Statement," is not adequate because, planned or not, a small company makes an Emotion Statement every time they engage with these large corporations. Successful engagements occur when the Emotion Statement of a small company is suited to fill the emotional needs of the large corporations.
When large corporations are evaluating potential vendors for their projects, they will lean towards the small company that feels right if the technical hurdles have been met. For example, a large corporation delivering a technically challenging project would rather work with people they feel can bounce back when things go wrong, and have the courage to give them bad news early and not sweep it under the carpet, hoping that it will go away.
What is an Emotion Statement?
Every company, through their actions, presentations, people and personality, evokes certain emotions in their clients. This feeling, which is a combination of the many things including company profile and culture, becomes a key differentiator for small companies and startups if it fulfills the emotional needs of larger corporations. Very few small companies have thought through and developed an Emotion Statement, which is a statement of how they want their (potential) clients to feel when they work or engage with them.
Unlike the Vision Statement or Mission Statement, a successful Emotion Statement is by definition outward looking and, to some extent, client specific. It requires an understanding of felt emotions in others so as to identify the correct behaviors in ourselves. It requires startups and small companies to understand the emotional needs of their potential client base and tailor their interaction with these potential clients to address those emotional needs. Finally, it requires small companies to be flexible and aware of their marketplace, tweaking their Emotion Statement to address local and global moods that affect the emotional needs of their clients. An Emotion Statement is much more dynamic and alive than either the Mission or Vision Statement.
How does a company craft a good Emotion Statement?
Crafting a good Emotion Statement takes time and effort, but it also requires companies to look outward. Small companies and startups need to understand their business landscape, the needs of their potential clients, research their prior experiences and sometimes make suppositions about their fears and inhibitions. All this is not easy but the following three step process can help small companies craft a good Emotion Statement.
Step 1: How do I want my clients to feel when they work with us?
An Emotion Statement is as much about the company as it is about their clients. Small companies and startups should spend considerable effort to understand their potential clients. They need to put themselves in the shoes of their clients to ask the question, "How do I need to feel when I meet a possible contractor for me to want to work with them?" By understanding the emotional needs of their clients and the current environment, a company can develop a list of emotions or feelings that they need to evoke during engagements with potential clients. These identified feelings are used to craft the "Emotion Statement."
Step 2: Implement the Emotion Statement
Once a startup or small company has developed an Emotion Statement, all interactions should be aligned to evoke the emotions laid out in the Emotion Statement. This begins with the company brochures -- their feel and content but also their color -- to company personnel and associations and even company presentations. Other aspects, like the kind of projects the company chooses to undertake, the type of people it hires and the office décor should, as much as possible, align with the Emotion Statement of the company.
Step 3: Seek feedback after engagements
Engagements provide avenues for companies to seek feedback on the emotions they evoke in their clients. Companies should ask specific questions related how their clients feel after engagements and compare them with the Emotion Statement that they have crafted. Companies can then change behavior or develop a different engagement strategy if there is disparity between the evoked emotions and the Emotion Statement.
If you feel that your startup or small company is good but unable to win the big contracts, maybe your company needs a good Emotion Statement. After all, the late Mary Angelou once said: "I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." What she should have also said, is that this is surprisingly accurate in the corporate world, as well.
More:

When Robots Take Over Most Jobs  What Will Be the Purpose of Humansreddit
In March of 2013, four economics researchers from the New York Federal Reserve published a report on job "polarization" -- the phenomenon of routine task work disappearing and only the highest and lowest skilled work still available. The authors stated:
An occupation is routine if its main tasks require following explicit instructions and obeying well-defined rules. These tend to be middle-skilled jobs. If the job involves flexibility, problem solving or creativity, it's considered nonroutine. Job polarization occurs when employment moves to nonroutine occupations, a category that contains the highest- and lowest-skilled jobs.
They based their analysis on data from the U.S. Census Bureau, which demonstrates that around 2005, the U.S. passed a threshold where more than 50 percent of all occupations are non-routine. In fact, extrapolating from the relatively straight line on the graph, at this point we should be over 60 percent nonroutine.
These researchers also broke out the four quadrants of the work sphere, with routine versus nonroutine work arrayed against cognitive versus manual work.
The central takeaway from this exposition is that routine jobs have been decreasing in both cognitive and manual forms, and nonroutine jobs have been increasing largely in cognitive form. Again, here's the census data:
The indications are fairly stark. The work in routine occupations is trending toward zero. This fall lines up fairly well with the rise of automation of various kinds. For example, computer programs are doing the work of paralegals and x-ray technicians, and factory robots are displacing large numbers of automobile assembly line workers. There are applications that can write sports newspaper articles, based simply on the scoring history in the game.
Of course, for those who consider science fiction as the best oracle for an unknowable future, consider this shot in the dark from Isaac Asimov, who wrote in 1964 about a visit to the World's Fair of 2014:
The world of A.D. 2014 will have few routine jobs that cannot be done better by some machine than by any human being. Mankind will therefore have become largely a race of machine tenders.
Soon, all that will be left for human beings will be the non-routine, creative work. How many of our occupations will our software overlords steal away from us? Many more than today, according to Carl Benedict Frey and Michael A. Osborne, two researchers at Oxford who looked at 702 current occupations.
"Soon, all that will be left for human beings will be the non-routine, creative work."
The researchers found that approximately half of current occupations (47 percent) are at risk of going the way of the telephone operator within just a decade or two. These two researchers relied on the same matrix of work as the Federal Reserve team, and examined how quickly robotic dexterity and A.I. cognition would hollow out jobs that seem to be the preserve of humans today:
Our findings could be interpreted as two waves of computerisation, separated by a "technological plateau". In the first wave, we find that most workers in transportation and logistics occupations, together with the bulk of office and administrative support workers, and labour in production occupations, are likely to be substituted by computer capital.
Note that the "transportation and logistics" sector includes many occupations that will be slammed by autonomous vehicles, like truckers (the number one occupation for men in the U.S. currently), taxi drivers and warehouse workers. Administrative support is the number one job for women in the US, so our robot overlords are equal opportunity, at least.
Frey and Osborne suggest that the second future wave of displacement will come at some later date, when A.I. gains the secrets of creativity and social intelligence. That may take a longer time, but at some future date, lawyers, engineers, brain surgeons and even actors might be displaced by 'bots. In fact, one venture capital firm, Deep Knowledge Ventures, has already appointed an algorithm to its board of directors.
"Lawyers, engineers, brain surgeons and even actors might be displaced by 'bots."
So, we are confronted with the critical question of 2025, as I stated in the recent Pew Internet report, AI, Robotics, and the Future of Jobs :
What are people for in a world that does not need their labor, and where only a minority are needed to guide the 'bot-based economy?
While it is likely that for the next few decades the educated, creative and inventive will find avenues to gainful employment, that will not be the case for all. How will we organize our world if machines can provide goods and services at lower and lower costs while fewer and fewer have income enough to buy anything?
Can we educate our way out of this mess, or will people be forced into a return to the land, tending 40 acres with the help of several mechanical mules? Can we legislate a Luddite future, where the new levels of automation are made illegal? Or will the techno utopians be vindicated by new sorts of work -- as yet unseen -- emerge to engage the surplus workers now being displaced?
The end state is uncertain, but we are headed toward a disruption of our society on the same order of magnitude as the rise of agriculture and industrialism, but in a much more compressed time frame: decades, not generations or centuries. And that question -- what are people for? -- will taunt us because it's unclear if there is an answer or whether it is just an irresolvable dilemma.
More:

The price of keeping the pound for ScotsSeptember 4, 2014 6:48 pm
If Scots keep the pound they forgo independence
By Martin Wolf
Alternatives to the currency union exist and some might work well
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/995a8b64-3380-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CBI denies Ranjit Sinha met telecom companies officialsReliance Group shares fall after CBI’s Ranjit Sinha admits meeting its officials
R-Com fell 5.60%, Reliance Infra shed 2.72%, Reliance Capital lost 2.26% and Reliance Power gave up 3.01%
ICICI Bank board approves 1:5 stock split
Activist-lawyer Prashant Bhushan had earlier alleged that Ranjit Sinha (pictured) had met persons linked to those accused in the 2G spectrum allocations and coal block allocations scams. Photo: HT
Mumbai: Shares of Anil Ambani -controlled Reliance Group companies were trading lower after The Economic Times reported that Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) chief Ranjit Sinha has admitted he met with company executives at his residence.
“Yes, I have met the two ADAG (Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group, now referred as Reliance Group) officials. So what? I know them for the past 30 years. It is my duty to meet people who have a grievance against my officers. The question is whether I favoured them. Meeting anyone is not banned,” the CBI chief was quoted as saying in the article.
Shares of Reliance Communications Ltd (R-Com) ell 5.60% to Rs.112.10 apiece, Reliance Infrastructure Ltd shed 2.72% to Rs.715.95, Reliance Capital Ltd lost 2.26% to Rs.537.45 and Reliance Power Ltd gave up 3.01% to Rs.74.10.
Earlier, lawyer Prashant Bhushan alleged that Sinha had met people linked to those accused in the 2G telecom spectrum allocations and coal field allocations scandals. The Supreme Court will examine Bhushan’s allegations on Thursday, the report said.

What It Really Takes to Open a Craft DistilleryNot just a matter of getting the right barrels
Photo by Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Inc .
Boutique American distilleries are having a moment . But just because you've figured out the perfect recipe for your artisanal whiskey doesn't mean you can start selling it. There are three levels of red tape craft distillers have to get past—federal, state, and local, which can entail cities and/or counties—and many rules are time-consuming, and often non-existent. (One distiller I spoke with said it isn't unheard of for local authorities to go back to the books and look up workarounds.) 
Advertisement
Washington is home to the most craft distilleries (80), while Colorado (50) and Michigan (about 40) trail closely behind. The reason for this, says Bill Owens, founder and president of the American Distilling Institute, is their progressive legislatures. In Michigan, that means being able to open tasting rooms downtown where tourists can see them and operating your distillery in town, not near a refinery.
Yet in states like Arizona, where craft distilling is a fairly new phenomenon, entrepreneurs face an uphill battle trying to secure their licenses. With that in mind, here's an overview of some of the red tape craft distillers encounter as they try to get off the ground. 
Federal
Most distillers I spoke with said this step of the process is cut and dry, but there are still some things to watch out for. The application for a federal license is essentially "a full background check," warns Rick Burch of CaskWerks Distilling Co. in Tempe, Arizona, "and they're really concerned with your plan for security as far as how you're going to secure your facility from potential hazards such as fire, theft, and internal theft." This means you'll need to lease or purchase your facility beforehand and be prepared to explain how you'll protect it. You may also be asked to include documentation as proof you're in charge. 
Speaking of background checks, make sure your record is clean. "They want to know your family history," says Burch, "you can't be a felon; you have to be a good, upstanding citizen." Questions may pertain to your spouse, your top investors, and from whom you secured a loan. It's in-depth and rife with personal questions. 
Another concern to keep in mind is taxes. Say you have $100,000 worth of whiskey but lose most of it in a fire. Even if it's gone, you'll still be required to pay a tax to the government as if you had sold the whiskey. Why? Because it ensures you won't get out of paying your taxes. 
If you plan on producing new products—and who wouldn’t?—you may find yourself dealing with the feds more often. Every new formula must be approved. "You have to get data sheets on everything that goes in there, get label approval, and register new labels with the state," explains Troy Roberts of Drum Circle Distilling in Sarasota County, Florida. For instance, getting his new coconut rum approved has taken three months so far, and he's still waiting to hear back on his label. "Realistically, you have to give it six months before you get it in bottles," he says.
State
Securing a state license isn't so hard once you have your federal license, but rules vary wildly from state to state, and some are more hospitable to craft distillers than others. What's clearcut in Florida may not be in Arizona, and New York has only become more welcoming in the past 10 years. Arizona didn't even offer a craft distiller's license until this year. "Originally, we were going to get the same license as a huge vodka manufacturer—a producer's license," says Burch, who advocated for the new license. "Now we can do craft fairs and farmers markets, and that counts as a sale from the front of our house." 
It also varies how people are allowed to market their spirits directly to customers. For instance, Roberts has a tasting room but can only sell two bottles of rum to each customer per year. "We have to keep track of who buys what," he says. "We're working on changing that." 
Wherever you are, find out the liquor laws in your state and get familiar with them. "If there is a domestic or micro-distiller's license, that's great," says Burch, "because that means someone has gone before you and got that initiated." If not, expect to encounter a lot of red tape. 
Local
It's the rare craft distiller who hasn't had a run-in with local authorities. Roberts says, "They had no idea what to do with me," when he applied for his license in Sarasota County. "They thought, you're going to be a rum bar or a rum distributor because I'm the first craft distiller in this area." Thankfully, once they did some research and figured out where he needed to be zoning-wise, things got a little bit easier. "The water people came out to make sure we're not draining stuff improperly, the fire marshall had us make changes, sealing off space and installing bigger sprinklers, but there was nothing real difficult for us."  
That may have been because he's outside of the city. Paul Hletko of Few Spirits in Evanston, Illinois, took three years becoming acquainted with Chicago's maze of rules but still says craft distilling "is a heavily regulated business."* He must track every "drop of alcohol" he produces, after all. 
For this reason, Burch of CaskWerks recommends "making as many friends as you can" with local authorities, since it isn't uncommon to go back and spend money on retrofitting to "satisfy someone's request." One friend had an inspector come to his plant and say everything looked great only to meet with another inspector who spotted something he didn't agree with from the previous checklist. "Some get an overzealous fire marshall," Roberts says. 
*Correction, Sept. 4, 2014: This post originally misspelled the last name of Few Spirits’ Paul Hletko.
Jill Krasny is a staff writer at Inc.

Sahara chief seeks 10 more days from SC to facilitate the sale of his hotels in NY  LondonVijay Mallya denies being a 'wilful defaulter', says will pursue legal action 6 days ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Digital age to disrupt $30 trillion in market capitalisation: ZinnovApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Changing Kaya s positioning was a mistake says Marico chairmanAjita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 11:54 IST
Marico Chairman Harsh Mariwala. (Photo: Nishikant Gamre)
Marico chairman Harsh Mariwala decided to de-merge his Rs 366.8 crore retail wellness brand, Kaya, from the flagship company last year. The decision, he says, has paid off. Marico Kaya Enterprises has finally made profits since its launch in 2002. In a conversation with Ajita Shashidhar, Mariwala talks about the Kaya strategy and the lessons learnt from the mistakes the company made in the past. Excerpts:
Q-What was the idea behind de-merging Kaya and listing it as a standalone entity?
A- You have to see holistically both from a Marico as well as Kaya point of view. In the initial phases Kaya was part of Marico and as Marico grew, Kaya also grew. We realised that the skills needed to manage a services business are different from the skills needed to manage an FMCG brand . The mindset in selling consumer goods with huge advertising budgets is very different from managing Kaya. At Kaya, we interact directly with customers, versus Marico where we don't meet the customers. We meet the trade and the supply chain is through the trade. Customer experience was very important for Kaya, it wasn't important for Marico. Cost consciousness, having an entrepreneurial kind of a drive because of the small business, is very important to Kaya. So, we realised that. At the same time, Marico had three different businesses -- the international business, domestic business and Kaya. So, we started seeing synergies between international and domestic businesses in terms of supply chain synergy, marketing synergy. At one level we said that we will blend, then Kaya was standing alone, not really fitting into Marico's structure. So, we decided to spin off Kaya into a separate subsidiary.
Also, since there was big brother Marico taking care of the financials, that much pressure wasn't there on Kaya in terms of taking care of financial performance. If we made them stand alone then there is nobody to support them. We felt that would energise the company from an employees' point of view. We also felt that if Kaya gets listed it will be an opportunity for Kaya employees to belong to a company which has a separate identity and image than Marico. All this has materialised over the last one year. We have been able to turnaround the business. We are getting extra visibility, at least in the capital markets. I think it has been a good decision. Separately, combining Marico's international and domestic business has paid off good dividends.
Q- Kaya, at the time of launch, was positioned as a dermatological-led skin 'cure' services brand. You then went on to reposition it as a skin care service brand wherein you offered regular skin management services such as facials and so on. Today, you have once again gone back to your original positioning of 'cure'. What has been the learning?
A- Looking back, the change in positioning was a mistake. We should have stuck to the positioning. If you look at my own history, I haven't changed positioning of anything. Parachute stands for nourishment, Saffola stands for heart care. Kaya wasn't doing well and in frustration I decided to change the positioning. When the business is not doing well, you tend to get certain ideas which you think will lead you to profitability, but you tend to overlook the fundamentals. We thought that by going to the care mode, we will get a lot more customers and they in turn will go into the cure mode. A lot of our advertising went towards pushing our skin care positioning and  'cure' suffered. Even the doctors in the clinic were not feeling belonged.
Changing the positioning was a wrong decision, but luckily it didn't happen for a very long time, so we could easily shift back to cure, which was our original DNA.
Q- Did the change in strategy lead to closing down of stores?
A- No, it didn't. The focus went back to investing in technology for 'cure' and marketing those newer initiatives. Now the 'care ' services continue but what gets promoted and invested is in the 'cure' part. So, the doctors are feeling far more energised, the business has become much stronger.
Q- What percentage of revenue comes from 'cure'?
A- Two years back the 'care' services contributed more than 60 per cent of the revenue, now it's the other way round. What happens in care is that you think you are offering better facials but the customer experience here is quite different from what you get in a conventional salon or spa. We don't really pamper them with a massage. Our services are more about safety and efficacy than pampering.
Q- What kind of investment have you made in technology after your shift back to the 'cure' positioning?
A- We have invested in laser hair removal, pigmentation through Q Switched machines, in skin-tightening and anti-ageing solutions, in platelet reducing plasma and so on.
Q-What's the way forward for Kaya?
A- We have 87 clinics in India and 26 outside, and the plan is to add another 10-15 clinics in India a year and two-three clinics a year overseas. We have prototyped what we call Kaya Skin Bar last year, we will scale that up too. Kaya Skin Bar is a product-only format. We have three stores in Bangalore. It is a smaller footprint than Kaya (150 sq.ft. to 300 sq.ft. of retail space. This will enable us to engage with our customers at multiple touch points. We also hope to scale up this model much faster as being a product-only model it provides you opportunity to look at franchisee as an option to scale. By the end of the year we are planning at least 10 Kaya Skin Bars.
Q- Are you looking to enter newer verticals under Kaya? You launched the fitness brand Kaya Life which you withdrew. What went wrong there?
A- There is lot of scale up to be done in Kaya itself. Kaya Life was more to do with lifestyle change, one needs to diet, exercise, unlike competition which had a more passive weight loss reduction model through machines. That actually gives short-term benefits and the consumer is also looking for quick solutions. For those who were willing to regulate their diet and exercise, it had good traction, but that was not critical mass. I had personally spent lot of energy in developing Kaya Life, but unfortunately it didn't work.
Q- What are your revenue goals?
A- We hope to grow by at least 20 per cent year on year.

Output from captive mines lower than target: CoalMin to PMOSep 05, 2014, 01.11 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Output from captive mines lower than target: CoalMin to PMO
The production target set from the captive coal blocks in FY 2013-14 was 50 million tonnes (MT), a source close to the development said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Output from captive mines lower than target: CoalMin to PMO
The production target set from the captive coal blocks in FY 2013-14 was 50 million tonnes (MT), a source close to the development said.
Post your opinion here
 
At a time when the Supreme Court is set to take a call on captive mines, the Coal Ministry has informed the Prime Minister's Office that firms allotted blocks for end-use plants have just produced 39 MT of coal in FY'14, missing their target for the fiscal.
The production target set from the captive coal blocks in FY 2013-14 was 50 million tonnes (MT), a source close to the development said.
The apex court has held meanwhile that all coal blocks since 1993 have been allocated illegally and arbitrarily, bringing uncertainty to the fate of 218 block allocations.
Of the total, 40 blocks are in production and 6 are likely to become operational in the current fiscal, the source said.
The government has told the Supreme Court that it "wants re-auction of all 218 coal blocks" declared as illegal allocation but sought its indulgence to "exempt" 40 of them which are functional and ready for the end use power plants.
Giving reasons for lower production, the ministry said less output was due to factors like "pending court cases in matters relating to the captive coal blocks".
The Coal Ministry had earlier said that output from captive coal blocks may reach 53 million tonnes (MT) in the ongoing fiscal.
"Based on the review of the status of producing coal blocks which have not yet attained PRC (peak rated capacity) and the coal blocks which were likely to commence production in 2014-15 as well as the information/assurance given by the coal block allocatees for achieving production during 2014-15," is 52.925 MT, the ministry had earlier said.
Of the total 328 coal blocks identified for allocation for captive purposes, the government has so far allocated 218 and deallocated 80 coal blocks.
Supreme Court which is looking into the issue of coal blocks had earlier said: "There was no fair and transparent procedure, all resulting in unfair distribution of the national wealth."
The next hearing is scheduled for September 9.
RELATED NEWS

Rajnath asks Omar to identify land for rehabilitation of Kashmiri migrantsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: In a major step towards bringing back Kashmiri Pandits to their homeland, the Home Minister on Friday asked Jammu & Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah to identify land for their rehabilitation in the Valley.
The Narendra Modi Government has committed itself to the return of some 62,000 Kashmiri Pandit families with "full dignity" to their homes in the Valley and has earmarked Rs 500 crore for this in the 2014-15 Union budget.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh has written to Omar Abdullah seeking help for the displaced Kashmiri Pandits.
Singh suggested that the land may be identified near the native place from where they migrated and also advised that this should be done in such a manner there was adequate security in and around the area.
The Bharatiya Janata Party had in its poll manifesto promised that it would bring back Kashmiri Pandits to their homeland in a dignified manner. Also, the party is desperately trying to make its presence felt in the state which is bound for Assembly elections later this year.
At present, there are about 62,000 registered Kashmiri migrant families who migrated from the Kashmir Valley to either Jammu, Delhi or to other parts of the country after the onset of militancy in the border state.
Singh's missive came ahead of the State Assembly elections likely to be held in November-December this year for which BJP has declared its intention to seek a majority in the 87-member legislature, a target not easy to achieve.
Political parties in Kashmir and even separatist groups have favoured return of the Pandits but are strongly opposed to creation of separate colonies for them.
Singh said in order to achieve these goals, the Centre has already earmarked a sum of Rs 500 crore which was announced during the presentation of the new government's first budget.
Reacting to Singh's directive, Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said, "I would have preferred to have received the letter first. It is not right to discuss it when I don't know what the content of the letter is. In a situation like this, when we are grappling to save lives, I think it is in very bad taste that this letter is being used to distract our attention away."

Australia and India to sign uranium dealLast updated: September 5, 2014 4:57 pm
Australia’s Abbott strikes uranium export deal with India’s Modi
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/894aa7cc-34c0-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Intex launches limited edition  Aqua Style Mini  smartphone featuring Mary Kom on SnapdealApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Closing bell! Sensex loses 59 pts |  Bull run is here for several yearsYou are here: Home > Collections > Banking
Sensex ends in red for second straight session; banks, auto decline
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 04.58PM IST
Tags:
Auto
(The S&P BSE Sensex closed…)
MUMBAI: The benchmark Sensex today fell 59.23 points to end at 27,026.70, its second straight session of decline after logging new highs earlier this week, on losses in bluechips including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Motors amid a weak global trend.
Domestic stock markets opened on a better note with the 30-scrip BSE Sensex touching the day's high of 27,178.80 points in early trade. It later slipped below the 27,000-mark and touched day's low of 26,920.56 before ending at 27,026.70, registering a drop of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent.
Among Sensex 30 components, 17 stocks ended in the negative zone, while 13 closed higher.
On Thursday, the Sensex had lost 54.01 points. It had hit life high of 27,225.85 and closed at record peak of 27,139.94 both on Wednesday.
Brokers said emergence of selling in stocks that had recently witnessed gains and a weak trend in global markets, led to the fall in major indices today.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also shed 9.10 points, or 0.11 per cent, to end at 8,086.85. During the session, the Nifty shuttled between 8,122.70 and 8,049.85. Yesterday, it had fallen by 18.65 points.
Among the sectoral indices, the BSE Auto index dropped 0.65 per cent, followed by FMCG 0.32 per cent and Banking index lost 0.30 per cent.
On the other hand, the BSE Realty index surged 1.15 per cent, followed by Capital Goods index 0.86 per cent, Metal index 0.69 per cent and IT index 0.51 per cent, among others.
The BSE Small-cap index advanced 1.25 per cent and Mid-cap index added 0.56 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Asian shares and the euro slipped Friday after European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Eyes are now on the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe's main stock markets also dipped in late morning trades today after data showed the 18-nation eurozone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IDFC plans to raise Rs 800-1000 crore  may go for FPO; eyes cutting foreign holdingCredit Suisse
(A quick back of the envelope…)
MUMBAI: IDFC, which is in the process of converting into a bank, is soon looking to raise capital in order to cut its foreign shareholding to below 50 per cent and meet RBI bank shareholding norms.
IDFC is looking to test markets for a QIP offering size worth Rs 800-1000 crore, say sources. There is also a possibility that IDFC may raise capital via FPO .
Kotak Mahindra Bank , JP Morgan , Credit Suisse , ISec are likely bankers to the issue.
A quick back of the envelope calculation suggests that at CMP of Rs 142/share, IDFC will be looking for a post issue share dilution of about 3.6-4.4 per cent.
The offering is likely to primarily to domestic investors as IDFC is seeking to bring the foreign shareholding down to below 50 per cent. FII shareholding in IDFC stands at 51.8 per cent as of June 2014.
Currently IDFC is sufficient on capital (Capital adequacy of 23.9 per cent, Tier I capital of 21.6 per cent) and further capital raising will mean that IDFC need not raise capital for at least for next 2-3 years.
Although the capital raising will further impact ROEs, there is likelihood that IDFC receives good investor response as there will be no further capital raising atleast for next 1-2 years.
Also IDFC is likely to benefit positively from the RBI norms for infrastructure financing which will reduce the impact on ROEs.
Brokerages remain bullish on IDFC with Axis Capital having a BUY rating of Rs 172, ICICI Securities having a BUY recommendation with target price of Rs 213.
Stock data: 52week high/low Rs 166/Rs 82.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys Foundation commits Rs 30 crore to CMIYou are here: Home > Collections
Infosys Foundation commits Rs 30 crore to Chennai Mathematical Institute
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 06.13PM IST
Tags:
Chennai Mathematical Institute
("Infosys and the Foundation…)
CHENNAI: The Infosys Foundation, the corporate social responsibility (CSR) arm of software major Infosys has committed Rs 30 crore for the Chennai Mathematical Institute (CMI) to enhance faculty compensation and support fellowship requirements for research students.
In addition, the grant will enable CMI to invite distinguished mathematicians from across the world to mentor students and boost the institute's quality of research, a release issued here today said.
The corpus from the Infosys Foundation will allow CMI to provide its faculty members with facilities such as housing and standard benefits like health coverage, besides helping it increase scholarships at the Masters and Doctoral levels to attract greater number of talented students.
"Infosys and the Foundation are committed to enriching higher education and research across disciplines including mathematics and science. We also believe that motivated professors are key to encouraging students to push the realms in research. We are honored that our contribution can help CMI to attract the best and the brightest teachers and students," said Sudha Murty, Chairperson, Infosys Foundation.
"CMI has established itself as a center of excellence and the preferred destination for students who wish to pursue mathematics. The corpus created by Infosys Foundation will allow us to expand our teaching programs to other areas related to the mathematical sciences. It will also help us improve the quality and quantity of postgraduate teaching and research faculty," said Prof Rajeeva Karandikar , Director, Chennai Mathematical Institute.
Founded in 1989, CMI has a good track record in the field of mathematics and computer science.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What was fake on the Internet this week: Betty White  Twitter filtering  and that photo of Darren WilsonBy Caitlin Dewey September 5 Follow @caitlindewey
Betty White, still kicking, in 2010. (Reuters/Lucas Jackson)
There is so much fake stuff on the Internet in any given week that we’ve grown tired of debunking it all. Fake Twitter fights . Fake DHL ads . Amazing viral video? Nope — a Jimmy Kimmel stunt !
So, rather than take down each and every undeservedly viral story that crosses our monitors each week, we’re rounding them all up in a quick, once-a-week Friday debunk of fake photos, misleading headlines and bad studies that you probably shouldn’t share over the weekend.
Ready? Here’s what was fake on the Internet this week:
1. Betty White is not dead — and if she had a dollar for every time someone falsely tweeted that she was, she’d be a
wealthy
even wealthier woman by now. In fact, this is the second time White, 92, has fallen victim to a viral death hoax in the past six months alone. Like many a viral rumor, this one began on Empire News, a less-than-funny “satire” site that actually mustered a bit of wit on this one: Their headline was actually “Actress Betty Whites, 92, Dyes Peacefully In Her Los Angeles Home” and the story was about her coloring her hair. Of course, as Empire News and its ilk know very well, people on the Internet are not terribly fond of nuance. Nearly half a million people had missed the pun, as of Thursday afternoon.
2. Those photos of Darren Wilson in the hospital are not actually of Darren Wilson. No one knows exactly what injuries Ferguson, Mo., Officer Wilson sustained in his encounter with Michael Brown, which left the teenager dead and sparked a national debate about justice and race. But that ambiguity hasn’t stopped Warren’s Internet advocates from circulating photos of his “broken face,” like this one that was popular on both Facebook and the Web site of right-wing talk show host Larry Elder this week. The man in the photo is actually Jim McNeil , a freestyle motocross rider who crashed his bike in 2006 (and later died , in 2011, from a separate motocross injury). McNeil and Wilson do admittedly look a little bit alike. If you squint through a black eye, anyway.
Post by Kevin O’Grady .
3. British police did not predict an imminent attack on the London Underground. A chain message that circulated widely via text, WhatsApp and social media last weekend convinced thousands of Brits that police were rallying for an early-morning terrorist strike on the “Tube.” In fact, the warnings — which claimed to originate with in-the-know friends and family of police officers — were completely made-up. While Britain has raised its official terror threat level to severe, the head of London’s transit police tweeted that there was “no specific threat” and no reason to avoid the subway.
Getting a taxi to work tomorrow. No way in hell I am risking the tube. Petrified.
— Belle Avery (@BelleGirlSoho) September 1, 2014
4. Twitter is not introducing a “Facebook-style” filter. The technorati and Twitter elite suffered a full-scale meltdown Thursday afternoon when Gigaom’s Matthew Ingram reported that “a Facebook-style filtered feed is coming, whether you like it or not.” That claim was based on comments Twitter CFO Anthony Noto made at a meeting on Wednesday. But as cooler heads have since clarified , Noto never said Twitter planned to filter users’ feeds — only that the company wanted to find a way to resurface content users may have missed. We don’t know exactly what that means, but it’s no reason to panic. (Yet.)
5. A 15-year-old gamer was not jailed for “swatting.” In a veritable layer cake of hoaxes on hoaxes, the fake news Web site National Report published a made-up story on the consequences of swatting … which is, in and of itself, a prank. Swatting, for the uninitiated, is an inexplicably popular prank wherein someone calls a fake tip in to police and thus summons a SWAT team to some innocent’s home. (It’s become particularly trendy among gamers, who can — via Twitch — view their mischief in real-time.) Calling in a fake police tip is, of course, illegal — just not 25-years-to-life illegal. To date, even the most egregious swatters haven’t served more than a few years . But perhaps because we all secretly hate these shenanigans — and wish these little punks would learn a lesson, already — more than 250,000 people gleefully shared the National Report “story,” including the tech and science blog Boing Boing . It is, of course, 100-percent fictional.
6. Canadians did not throw a U.S. hockey star in jail. But one of Canada’s largest wire services, the QMI, mysteriously reported that the Pittsburgh Penguins’ Sidney Crosby was jailed in Ottawa  Wednesday after being pulled over in a rented Porsche. Police have no idea where the rumor started — Crosby isn’t even in Canada right now — but the “out and out blatant lie” was printed in several major Canadian newspapers before QMI took it back. “There was no basis for the story,” the retraction reads, “and QMI unreservedly retracts the story in its entirety.” Penguins fans were still kind of peeved .
7. Apple Support is not e-mailing you. In the wake of this week’s celebrity nude-hacking scandal — and the panic over iCloud security that followed — clever phishers posing as Apple customer support have begun e-mailing users and asking them to “secure” their accounts by giving up their Apple IDs and passwords. Pro tip: No one from Apple, or any other tech company, is going to request sensitive account information by e-mail. (And if they did, it would presumably be capitalized and punctuated correctly.)
A sample phishing email. (Symantec)
8. P. Diddy’s pineapple vodka did not test positive for cocaine. Over 34,000 people have liked this post on Facebook. We’ll just leave that one here.
Did we miss any other notable fake stuff this week? E-mail caitlin.dewey@washpost.com — or stay tuned until next week, because surely some more shenanigans will go down in the meantime.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409923486/1409923486000/1409923486  tracking: {authors=Caitlin Dewey, blog_name=the-intersect, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=what-was-fake-on-the-internet-this-week-betty-white-twitter-filtering-and-that-photo-of-darren-wilson, post_id=2826, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true}  allow_comments: true  published_date:Sep 5, 2014 1:24:46 PM  close date: Sep 19, 2014 1:24:46 PM

Rupee logs fifth straight weekly rise against US dollarPress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 05:54 PM IST
Rupee logs fifth straight weekly rise against US dollar
The rupee today fell back by three paise to end at 60.39 against the US dollar but managed to log its fifth straight weekly rise on account of recent gains.
The rupee today fell back by three paise to end at 60.39 against the US dollar but managed to log its fifth straight weekly rise on account of recent gains.
The rupee commenced lower at 60.44 a dollar from previous close of 60.36 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market. It was then trapped in a limited range of 60.3775 and 60.5175 before finishing at 60.39 -- a small loss of three paise or 0.05%.
In previous two days, it had risen by 32 paise or 0.53%. These gains helped the domestic currency register its fifth straight weekly gains as it appreciated by 11 paise.
In the preceding four weeks, it had gained 3 paise, 29 paise, 39 paise and 3 paise against the Greenback.
Meanwhile, the Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex today declined by another 59.23 points, or 0.22%.
FPIs/FIIs injected USD 286.54 million yesterday, as per provisional data after picking up shares worth a net USD 216.91 million on Wednesday.
The dollar index was down 0.10% against its major global rivals ahead of announcement of US non-farm payrolls for August.
Meanwhile, the European Central Bank (ECB) yesterday surprisingly cut its key policy rates to record low and announced additional measures to fuel the flagging economy.
According to forex dealers, it will help Asian currencies as liquidity will flow into Asia, including India.
 Advertisements

Srithai Superware plans to invest Rs 57 cr in Sanand facilityHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Srithai Superware plans to invest Rs 57 cr in Sanand facility
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Sept 5:  
Thailand-based crockery and home storage items maker, Srithai Superware on Friday announced to invest Rs 57 crore to set up a manufacturing facility at Sanand in Gujarat.
The company will manufacture 100 per cent pure melamine crockery items at the plant, which is will be operational in 2015.
In addition to this, the company plans to set up three additional facilities over the next 10 years with a total investment outlay of Rs 229 crore. As a part of its future expansion strategy, Srithai Superware India plans to export the products to South-Asian countries once the unit becomes operational, the company stated in a statement issued today.
Mita Chaudhury, Country Manager-India said, “Srithai Superware enjoys a strong foothold in the Indian market and the launch of Gujarat factory unit will brighten the prospects of those associated with the company.”
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

IEEE conference on cloud computingIEEE conference on cloud computing
Our Bureau
Tweet
Sept 5:  
The Institute of Electronics and Engineers (IEEE) will host a conference on cloud computing for emerging markets from 15-17th October this year.
The conference will address challenges and opportunities of cloud computing for emerging markets. Further, it will be chaired by Gopal Pingali of IBM and D. Janakiram from IIT Chennai, according to a statement from the company. The summit also aims to bring together captains and thought leaders from the industry, government and academia from across the world, according to a company statement.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

AP announces sale of dated securityAP announces sale of dated security
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 5:  
The Andhra Pradesh Government has announced the sale of 10-year dated security in the form of stock to the public by auction of an aggregate amount of Rs 1500 crore.
According to a statement from Ajaya Kallam, Principal Secretary Finance, Government of AP, the auction will be conducted by the Reserve Bank of India at its Mumbai office on September 9.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Smart Cities will make India manufacturing hub for energy efficient solutions“Smart Cities will make India manufacturing hub for energy efficient solutions”
V. Rishi Kumar
Danfoss showcases its green campus
Hyderabad, Sept. 5:  
With the national green promise taking shape, in the form of green building movement and plans for development of smart cities, India has potential to become a manufacturing hub for energy efficient, according to Danfoss, a global player in energy efficiency solutions.
Speaking the Green Building Congress here, Danfoss highlighted energy efficient solutions given the Government’s thrust towards setting up 100 smart cities.
With rising population and infrastructure constraints, the need to build smart cities has been identified by the Government. Smart cities will actually be smart when the right technologies are used making the citizens live comfortably.
Affordability factor in smart cities can be addressed by the uptake of energy efficient technologies which would not only reduce the energy and carbon footprint but would make them sustainable and improve the living conditions.
“With the thrust towards smart cities, time has come for India to become the manufacturing hub for energy efficient HVAC solutions as they are vital for high energy savings and optimized performance. The solutions can become affordable only when India truly becomes the global manufacturing hub. With the right technology, design and energy efficient solutions, every building can be converted to a green building,” Ravichandran Purushothaman, President, Danfoss India, said.
Heating and air-conditioning takes a major share of electricity bills for residential, commercial and industrial applications, which puts tremendous pressure on energy sources, and ultimately impacts overall economy of the country. The Smart Cities provide the right opportunity for stakeholders to have a holistic approach.
Green campus
Danfoss India is in the process of completing its green facility in Oragadam near Chennai. The upcoming green facility is a Platinum LEED rated R&D cum manufacturing facility which will replicate the zero waste environment of the Danfoss Global Centre in Denmark by housing a 1MW solar plant which will generate 1.5 million units of solar power per annum approximately.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

2G: CBI moves SC for lodging perjury case against NGO s SecyPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 07:00 PM IST
2G: CBI moves SC for lodging perjury case against NGO's Secy
The agency has sought registration of the case against advocate Kamini Jaiswal who sought recusal of CBI Director Ranjit Sinha from participating in the 2G inquiry
CBI today moved the Supreme Court for lodging a case of perjury against Secretary of an NGO for allegedly making "deliberate and intentional false statements on oath" relating to investigations into the 2G spectrum allocation scam.
The agency has sought registration of the case against advocate Kamini Jaiswal, who as the General Secretary of NGO, Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL), has filed an affidavit seeking recusal of CBI Director Ranjit Sinha from participating in the 2G inquiry/trial in any manner.
CBI said that she had also filed affidavit for Sinha's impleadment in the matter by making identical allegations which are punishable under various sections of Indian Penal Code including Section 193 for leading false evidence.
The agency denied allegations against CBI Director of interfering with the probe in Aircel-Maxis deal allegedly involving former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran or keeping away Santosh Rastogi, DIG, from the 2G cases.
It disputed CPIL's contention that Sinha as the Director was "admonished" by the apex court in the coal scam for showing status report to political parties.
"The application is clearly mischievous and is based upon untrue facts in which mis-statements have been deliberately made so as to obtain favourable orders from this court," the CBI said while accusing CPIL of making wrong allegations that attempt has been made at the behest of the Director to save Maran in the Aircel-Maxis deal.
The agency denied the allegation that CBI Director overruled all investigating officers and Director of prosecution on the issue of filing charge sheet.
It said the charge about the "Director overruling his own investigating officers is clearly false".
"Hence a case of perjury needs to be registered," CBI said.
 Advertisements

Kiev agrees ceasefire with Ukraine rebels© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a53569c-34cd-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lalu Prasad undergoing cardiac rehabilitationPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 5, 2014 7:41 pm
RJD chief Lalu Prasad, who was shifted out of the intensive care unit on Thursday after undergoing triple heart surgery on August 27 here, was now undergoing ‘cardiac rehabilitation’, doctors said.
“Today we have started cardiac rehabilitation process under close medical supervision on Lalu Prasad Yadav where he is being made to do active breathing exercises… he felt energetic after the exercise,” said Dr Nilesh Gautam, head of cardiac rehabilitation, Asian Heart Institute.
The 66-year-old RJD leader was operated at the Institute by a team of 20 doctors under the supervision of Dr Ramakanta Panda.
“He (Lalu Prasad) is in high spirits… We normally start cardiac rehabilitation after 15 days of the surgery, but considering his good recovery, we have started this process after 9 days,” Dr Panda said in a statement.
The former Bihar Chief Minister had been diagnosed with aortic stenosis, following which he underwent three heart surgeries (aortic valve replacement, aortic repair and a repair for a three millimetre hole in his heart).

Court refuses bail to suspended censor board CEO Rakesh KumarCBI prosecutor Gul Asnani had said the investigation was at a crucial stage and Kumar may tamper with the evidence or abscond if released.
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 5, 2014 7:47 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 7:49 pm
The special CBI court in Mumbai on Friday rejected the bail application of suspended CEO of Central Board of Film Certification Rakesh Kumar who was arrested on the charge of taking bribe for issuing censor certificates to films.
Judge R N Joshi, while refusing him bail, accepted CBI’s contention that Kumar might tamper with evidence if released.
During the hearing on the application, the judge remarked that the impact of this crime was “depraving which destroys the coming generations” and it was “worse than economic offences”.
Kumar’s bail application said he was framed by a lobby of agents. The application, filed through his lawyer advocate Mahesh Vaswani, claimed the agents wanted him out of the way because he had initiated certain reforms to curb the red tape and increase transparency.
CBI prosecutor Gul Asnani had said the investigation was at a crucial stage and Kumar may tamper with the evidence or abscond if released.
Kumar was arrested by CBI on August 18, four days after an agent and a member of CBFC’s advisory panel were arrested for taking bribe, allegedly on Kumar’s behalf.
They later got bail.

Stocks lower on weak jobs dataBad news on August job creation not-so-bad news for stocks
By: Adam Shell September 5, 2014 8:48 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on September 2, 2014. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images) ORG XMIT: 510385307 ORIG FILE ID: 454498262
It may not make much sense to Main Street investors, but the big disappointment on August employment — only 142,000 new jobs were created, far below the roughly 220,000 economists expected — could actually be good news for stock investors.
The reason: The weaker-than-expected August jobs number will likely be interpreted by Wall Street as a sign that the labor market isn’t as strong as the previous string of six months in a row of 200,000-plus jobs suggested, confirming the concerns of Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen.
The kneejerk reaction on Wall Street, where stock futures jumped sharply to the upside minutes after the data was released, is that the first rate hike from the Federal Reserve may now not come as early in 2015 as feared. A mid-year rate hike is what Wall Street is expecting, but it has feared hikes starting earlier in the year.
“The report is a remarkable disappointment as a headline number, especially after receiving such promising macro data over the summer,” says Todd Schoenberger, president at J. Streicher Asset Management. “Oddly enough, though, this flat figure may still bode well for investor’s portfolios because it should force the Fed to take a breather with its ‘increase-in-interest-rate’ chant, which will push equity valuations higher.  The data should help continue the markets upward trajectory today, and throughout the rest of the quarter.”
Take a look at the pre-market reaction in the stock market before and after the release of the employment report.
Index        Before report      10 min. after report
Dow          -55 pts.                Flat
S&P 500  -7.50 pts.             +0.25
Source: USA TODAY research
In late afternoon trading, both indexes were sporting even stronger rebounds. At 2:20 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 47 points, or 0.3%, to 17,117. And the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index was 6.55 points higher, or 0.3%, at 2004.20. If the S&P 500 can hold that level, it will mark a new record closing high, eclipsing its Aug. 20 closing peak of 2003.37.
Heading into the August jobs report, Wall Street was worried that a strong report would suggest the Fed needed to move sooner, says Kate Warne, investment strategist at Edward Jones. The takeaway from the “highly disappointing” number, she says, is that the “Fed is likely to consider this as a reason to stay with current policy, which is reassuring to investors.”
Still, Warne says investors should not focus on just one month’s data, but instead look at longer averages, such as the average jobs created over the past three months, which still remains north of 200,000. (August was the first month since January in which the economy did not generate more than 200,000 new jobs.)
Warne adds that she would not be surprised if the weak August jobs number, which caught Wall Street off guard, gets revised upward when the government reports the September jobs number in early October. “All of the other recent economic indicators,” she says, “suggest strength in the job market.”
There is precedent for upward revisions to the August jobs report. Back in 2011, the initial estimate for the number of jobs created in August was zero, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ initial report released in September 2011. However, that number was revised up to plus 57,000 jobs in the first revision announced in October 2011 and then to 104,000 jobs in the second revision released in November 2011.
Today’s report makes it likely the Fed is unlikely to take a less-market friendly stance at its two-day meeting in Sept. 16 and 17, says Michael Gapen, an economist at Barclays.
“This report,” he says, “will likely reduce the probability that the Fed takes an abrupt change in tone in September to a more hawkish policy stance, and we continue to see longer-term economic trends as consistent with a June 2015 rate hike.”

Homoeopathy for cattle catches farmers fancy in GujaratHomoeopathy for cattle catches farmers’ fancy in Gujarat
Rutam Vora
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Sept 5:  
Homoeopathy, a ‘sweet’ method of medication, mostly preferred by children and elderly to avoid bitter allopathic medicines has growing takers from an unusual quarter. The ages old therapy is gaining acceptance in veterinary field in Gujarat, the heartland of milk cooperative movement.
In Gujarat, homoeopathy pharma companies have started approaching cooperative dairies and veterinary clinics to make the homoeopathic treatment popular for cattle. At a time, when a recent Livestock Census data showed encouraging growth in livestock population in Gujarat at about 15.36 per cent against a drop of 3.33 per cent in national average, homoeopathic remedy in veterinary has found big potential in the state.
Ramjibhai Ahir from Junagadh district inquired much about homoeopathy Chittorgarh-based Goel Vet. Pharma's stall at AgriTech Asia 2014 exhibition held at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar. He returned convinced to take up homoeopathic treatment for his two buffalo and one cow. There were many others following Ramjibhai's suit.
Goel Vet. Pharma has taken up dual job of expanding business in Gujarat and educating farmers about benefits of homoeopathy for their milch cattle with cost effectiveness vis-à-vis allopathic treatment for the same. “We have to educate them from the perspective of cattle’s health and medical cost benefits. This year we are planning to cover entire Gujarat market and more than double our sales,” said Mradul Goel, one of the promoters of Goel Vet Pharma.
Mradul, who is also approaching local milk cooperative societies and veterinary clinics in Gujarat, said homoeopathy can cure some of the commonly found yet critical illness among animals. Like mastitis, a type of infection in udder, which restricts milk flow, can be cured in a shorter span of time than antibiotics and without affecting hormones. Another serious complication is infertility, which is largely caused by misuse of hormone injections. Homoeopathy has sure cure for animal infertility, stated Mradul. Excess antibiotics and hormone dosages to milch animals were found to be adversely affecting milk quality as well.
Goel also sells milk increasing dosages for cow and buffalo costing at Rs 50 for 10-day course. “These dosages can be administered on those animals which are producing below their original milk production capacity. And results are seen after 10 days,” said Mradul adding that any domestic milch animal can be administered homoeopathy.
Present in 10 states since 1977 and providing homoeopathy in veterinary, Goel Vet Pharma has established strong presence in northern India with about 10,000 veterinary doctors using homoeopathy medicines for various illnesses that cows, buffaloes or other cattle face. In Gujarat there are a couple of local homoeopathy veterinary players too.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

RBI opens supervisory college for ICICI BankRBI opens supervisory college for ICICI Bank
Our Bureau
Tweet
Sept 5:  
The RBI opened a second supervisory college for ICICI Bank Ltd in Mumbai on Thursday as part of supervision of cross border operations of Indian banks abroad.
The RBI sets up supervisory colleges for banks which have good international presence. The main objectives of such colleges are to enhance information exchange and cooperation among supervisors, to improve understanding of the risk profile of the banking group and thereby facilitate more effective supervision of internationally active banks.
The first supervisory college for ICICI bank was set up in December, 2012. The RBI had set up supervisory college for State Bank of India in December 2012, while for Bank of Baroda, Bank of India and Axis Bank were set up in February and September 2014, respectively.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Vaarad Ventures: Change in auditor (Board Meeting on Sep 05  2014)Sep 05, 2014, 08.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Vaarad Ventures: Change in auditor (Board Meeting on Sep 05, 2014)
Vaarad Ventures has informed that the existing statutory Auditor M/s G.C. Patel & Co. expressed their inability to continue as the statutory auditor of the Company for reason of their other professional assignments, to consider the appointment of auditor and considering the date of AGM is on September 29, 2014.

Delhi/NCR highest consumer of pizza in India: SurveyUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: On the occasion of National Cheese Pizza Day on Friday, food ordering portal Foodpanda.in conducted a survey and the results revealed that people in the NCR region indulge in the Italian delight the most in the country.
Maximum orders for Pizzas came from Delhi/NCR with 45 per cent, followed by Bangalore (27 per cent), Mumbai (eight per cent), Hyderabad and Pune (six per cent), while Chennai and cities like Jaipur, Kolkata and Ahmedabad (four per cent).
"We observe that every city has an entirely different food culture and choices but Pizza is one of the few uniformly favourite food items across the country," Rohit Chadda, managing director and co-founder of Foodpanda, said in a statement.
On the occasion of National Cheese Pizza Day, a survey conducted proved that people in the NCR region indulge in the Italian delight the most in the country.
The study revealed that Delhiites love their Pizzas with a lot of wholesome veggie toppings.

Army chief briefs PM on China  Pakistan border situationNew Delhi: Army Chief Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag on Friday met Prime Minister Narendra Modi and is understood to have briefed him about the situation along the borders with China and Pakistan.
The Army chief gave a presentation to him on important issues, Army sources said here.
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval was present during the briefing, they said.
The briefing came soon after the Army chief visited the northeastern region to review the operational preparedness of the formations deployed along the Line of Actual Control(LAC).
The briefing came soon after the Army chief visited the northeastern region to review the operational preparedness of the formations deployed along the Line of Actual Control(LAC).
Gen Suhag had also visited Panagarh in West Bengal to review the progress made by the force in raising the recently-sanctioned 17 Mountain Strike Corps, whose formations would be deployed from Ladakh in Jammu and Kashmir to Arunachal Pradesh in northeast along the LAC.
The situation along the Pakistan front has also been volatile with an increase in ceasefire violations along the Line of Control and the International Border.
Soon after the Prime Minister took over, the Army had briefed him on several issues including the shortages of arms and ammunition being faced by the force.

Govt approves 22 proposals of FDI worth Rs 3 951 croreGovt approves 22 proposals of FDI worth Rs 3 951 crore
Flipkart to appoint Tata Communications finance chief as CFOFlipkart to appoint Tata Communications finance chief as CFO
Decent end to upbeat week; Sensex ends up by over 1%Rahul Oberoi      Follow @iamrahuloberoi    Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 20:53 IST
Photo: Reuters
Benchmark stock indices traded near all-time highs during the week. The BSE Sensex opened the week at 26,733.18, touched a record high of 27,225 points on Wednesday and closed the week at 27,026. It rose 293 points or 1.1% during the week. The Nifty opened the week at 7,990, touched a high of 8,141 and closed at 8,086 points, up 96 points or 1.2%.
Consumer goods, health care and IT stocks were the top performers. The FMCG index was the only sector index that closed in the red. The BSE Consumer Goods index rose 3.02% to 15,420.9. It was followed by BSE IT (2.92% to 10,405) and BSE Healthcare indices (2.62% to 13,760).
In the BSE 500 index, Abbott India, Motherson Sumi, Bharti Infratel, UPL Ltd, Jyothy Laboratories, Kaveri Seed Company, Tech Mahindra, Tata Consultancy Services and Glenmark Pharmaceuticals touched all-time highs during the week.
Foreign institutional investors , or FIIs, remained net buyers for another week. Their net investment stood at Rs 3,972 crore.
Rakesh Goyal, senior vice president, Bonanza Portfolio, says, "The market looks positive. Trade positions, market activity, derivatives positions and sentiment indicate healthy movement in the coming week. The Ukraine crisis is about to get resolved, which is a positive. We expect markets to remain upbeat and FII flows to continue."
The Sensex fell 113 points on Thursday and Friday. Vikram Dhawan, director, Equentis Capital, says, "In spite of steady flow of positive news, both locally and globally, broad indices appear to be losing momentum. This usually happens when markets are either hugely overbought or when big-ticket buying tapers off. A steep correction is not envisaged at this point in time, though we may be entering a phase of procrastinated time correction."
The HSBC India manufacturing purchasing managers' index data fell to 52.4 in August from 53 in July, showing moderation in manufacturing activity. The HSBC/Markit purchasing managers index for services fell to 50.6 compared to 52.2 in July, again indicating a slowdown. A reading above 50 indicates growth.
At the same time, the HSBC composite output index stood at 51.6 in August, down from 53 in July, showing slowing output growth across the private sector.
Crude oil is still weak. Alex Mathews, head of research, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services, says, "Crude oil is likely to test $92 levels in the near term and even fall below this crucial support level. The key reasons are higher production, lower demand and strong dollar."
The major events to watch out for in the coming week are the release of inflation, industrial production and manufacturing numbers.

Osamu Suzuki meets Guj CM Anandi Patel; govt clears issues related to projectYou are here: Home > Collections > Government
Osamu Suzuki meets Gujarat CM Anandi Patel; government clears issues related to project
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 08.27PM IST
Tags:
Anandi Patel
(Suzuki and Patel discussed…)
GANDHINAGAR: Japanese auto major Suzuki Motor Corp chief Osamu Suzuki today met Gujarat Chief Minister Anandi Patel, even as the state government cleared issues related to the company owning and investing at the upcoming plant in the state instead of its Indian arm, Maruti Suzuki.
Suzuki and Patel discussed SMC's proposed plant coming up at Hansalpur village of Ahmedabad district at an estimated investment of Rs 4,000 crore, according to an official statement.
He told Patel that the plant would be operational by May 2017, it added.
A senior government official said the state has sorted out all the issues pertaining to the transfer of ownership of the Gujarat plant to Suzuki from Maruti Suzuki India (MSI).
"At present, all the technical issues have been sorted out. Concession on VAT is not at all an issue, as we are going to give them concession," said state Additional Chief Secretary Finance Hasmukh Adhiya.
The plant was originally proposed to be set up Suzuki's Indian arm Maruti Suzuki India. It was, however, decided that the Japanese parent would own and invest there.
The move was opposed by institutional shareholders in Maruti Suzuki, forcing the company to seek minority shareholders approval after tweaking original proposals and the voting is expected to be held sometime in October.
It had also led to issues on the agreement with the state government as it was signed with MSI and not Suzuki. Such an investment by SMC would have to be considered a Foreign Direct Investment ( FDI ), requiring the government to rework rules related to VAT concession to clear the proposal.
Earlier during June this year, MSI Chairman R C Bhargava had met Anandi Patel and Finance Minister Saurabh Patel to sort out the issues.
The plant was meant be MSI' first plant outside Haryana and third in the country after Gurgaon and Manesar. Now, it is is being proposed to be set up another wholly owned company of SMC -- Suzuki Motor Gujarat Pvt Ltd.
During June 2012, the state government allocated 700 acres of land to Maruti Suzuki India Ltd (MSIL) near Hansalpur to set up their plant. At that time, it was announced that MSIL will invest Rs 4,000 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mary Kom: A ringside viewDirector: Omung Kumar
Cast: Priyanka Chopra, Darshan Kumar,Sunil Thapa
World champions are as rare in Indian sports as biopics in Hindi cinema. Debutant director Omung Kumar tries to correct the anomaly by bringing the exploits of five-time World Amateur Boxing champion and Olympic medallist M C Mary Kom and makes a good fist of the eventful life of this feisty girl from a remote village in Manipur who excels in a sport considered to be male domain without shedding her gender identity.
She wears gloves on manicured hands and considers nail paint as every woman’s birth right.
She grapples with the obstacles not as a wannabe male but as a daughter and as a mother.
A headstrong girl who picks fights with local boys, Mary (Priyanka Chopra) finds direction under the tutelage of coach M. Narjit Singh (Sunil Thapa is persistently grumpy) and gathers composure in the company of Onler (Dharam Kumar) despite strong opposition from her father. When she punches her way to the top, Cupid strikes and she gets married to Onler. This time, the opposition comes from her coach but Mary goes with her heart and embraces motherhood. Soon she begins to miss her core identity and Onler ensures that she returns to the ring and he takes care of home. It is not that easy but then, nothing is. Mary and Onler are an incredible example of modern-day Indian couple and Omung ensures that their romance shines through not through song routines but in their understated commitment to each other.
Unlike Rakeysh Om Prakash Mehra, who brought Milkha Singh to screen last year, Omung doesn’t overtly dramatize the scenario and keeps the creative licence in check. He focuses on the making of Mary by staying true to the timelines. The bouts look believable and the fast intercutting ensures that the layman doesn’t get the luxury to see through the loopholes.
However, he has a star eager to act and plenty of brands endorsements to justify. In the process, Omung, who is better known as a production designer of producer Sanjay Leela Bhansali’s films, ends up offering a simple motivational tale where he has taken the universal certificate of CBFC literally. The bandhs and blockade which have become part of everyday life in Manipur are only touched with a barge pole.
And their impact on Mary’s life is glossed over. For instance, there is no mention of her father-in-law’s murder. Also the fact that sporting glory and gory violence exist side by side in that region doesn’t interest Omung.
Shot far from Imphal — in Manali and Dharamshala, the regional details, the accent and the rural milieu, have been toned down for a pan Indian appeal.
Writer Saiwyn Qadras doesn’t care to share with us what makes Mary special in the ring. Priyanka’s presence ensures that Mary’s opponents are crafted as sheer cardboards. He does bring the regional bias and nepotism prevalent in sports administration into play but his expansive punches don’t result in scoring points and off and on make Mary’s struggle look rather one-sided on screen.
However, if the ring side view is all you want, there is enough to keep you engaged. The moments between Mary and her father and the unsaid chemistry between Onler and Mary are moving largely due to Priyanka, who is the tour de force of this loosely assembled vehicle. She gets the measure of the emotional depth of the character and when it comes to the foot work and the upper cut, Priyanka jabs at her ravishing image with impunity. She comes pretty close to Mary in her demeanour as she shares her fondness for nail paint and sense of dressing and generates the energy required for the role. Providing a safety net, Omung hasn’t surrounded her with actors from the North East — Dharam is a Delhi boy — and it ensures that she doesn’t come across as the odd one out after the first few scenes and pummels the cardboards placed around her with ease.

President Obama to Deliver Remarks at NATO Summit in WalesSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Tornadoes Possible as Storms Target Midwest
EXPLORE.org: Bird Cams - Osprey
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

New Apps Keep Students On Tracknew apps keep students on track
Not many followed PM s chaste Hindi: Goa school headNot many followed PM s chaste Hindi: Goa school head
Punjab asks realty players to set up affordable housing projsPunjab asks realty players to set up affordable housing projs
Sahara chief seeks 10 more days to sell propertiesSahara chief seeks 10 more days to sell properties
Noida murderer Koli to be hanged Sep 12 in Meerut jailNoida murderer Koli to be hanged Sep 12 in Meerut jail
Wilful defaulter tag a  powerful weapon  for creditors: RajanWilful defaulter tag a  powerful weapon  for creditors: Rajan
The new sporty Scooty ZestThe sporty scooty looks upmarket with its sharp curves twilight lamps and leaf-shaped mirrors. The textured floor board gives the extra oomph.
PHOTO: www.tvsscooty.com

Highlights from the Freescale Technology Forum 2014Tom Deitrich, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Digital Networking, Freescale Semiconductor, addressing the Freescale Technology India 2014 Forum in Bangalore. He said the Internet of Things will add intelligence to devices around us.
PHOTO: Nilotpal Baruah

Hopes high as Cutty Sark docks in IndiaJimmy Jacob        Edition: Sep 14, 2014
David Pattison, Siddharth Banerji, Glen Gribbon and Pushpanjali Banerji at the press meet in Taj Mahal Hotel, Delhi, on August 28.
If you thought India's already brimming with premium whisky brands vying to satisfy your taste for the exquisite, here's some more good news that will make your cup brim over.
Kyndal Group, India's leading Alcobev Company in the premium spirits segment, and Edrington, Scotland's premier producer and distributor of global spirits brands, have announced a 50:50 joint venture - dubbed the Edrington Kyndal India Pvt Ltd - to bottle, market and distribute Cutty Sark blended Scotch whisky in the Indian market. And this is one collaboration that is bound to go down in history, considering that it's the first time Cutty Sark will be bottled away from the heady shores of Scotland.
 
Announcing the partnership at the Taj Mahal Hotel in Delhi on August 28 were Glen Gribbon, Director of Blends for Edrington; David Pattison, Edrington's Area Director for India; and Siddharth Banerji, Managing Director of Kyndal Group. This tie-up, they said, will establish a fully integrated supply chain for Cutty Sark in the Indian market.
Banerji, for one, seemed extremely delighted at the developments involving the Scottish brand. "We are delighted to be associated with a brand like Cutty Sark, which has a great history and story behind it," he said. "Our JV with Edrington will bring this outstanding premium brand to the Indian shores."
Describing the phenomenon that is Cutty Sark, Banerji added, "It is a blend of the best grain whisky and the finest malts in the world such as The Macallan and Highland Park. This blend will be imported in bulk from Scotland and Kyndal will use its best-in-class bottling facility at Gemini Distilleries in Goa to bottle, pack and market Cutty Sark. It will ensure that the Indian consumers get access to the original Cutty Sark in an exciting new pack."
Glen Gribbon, Director of Blends for Edrington, said, "The market for Scotch whisky is growing internationally. We believe that Edrington's expertise in premium spirits, combined with Kyndal's strong distribution, creates a great opportunity to make Cutty Sark more accessible to premium consumers in the dynamic and growing Indian market."
When asked if recent reports of alcohol prohibition in Kerala will set off a national trend detrimental to the interests of alcohol brands, Banerji just replied smilingly that Oommen Chandy government's initiative may not be  successful in the long run. Citing the example of prohibition-era America, he said that such a step will only increase cases of bootlegging and production of illegal liquor. Also, the administration is bound to realise that prohibiting liquor without creating a means of alternative income is hardly practical, as is the possibility that it could affect the state's flourishing tourism industry.  
        
Starting October, Cutty Sark will be available across retail outlets in the key markets of Goa, Delhi, Chandigarh, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal, Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura, Puducherry, Odisha, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. Edrington will continue to bottle Cutty Sark in Scotland for all the other global markets.

Centre for Sight eyes 10 more branches in 2014Story
Long-range Vision
Dr Mahipal Sachdev wants to build presence across India by 2020 and aims to open 10 centres this year.
Centre for Sight founder Dr Mahipal Sachdev. Picture by Shekhar Ghosh.
BT-YES Bank Best SME Survey
CENTRE FOR SIGHT
More than two decades after joining Delhi-based All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) - first as a MBBS student and later a faculty member - when Mahipal Sachdev, Chairman of Centre for Sight, decided to start his own practice, he faced a lot of resistance from his family. But he decided to take a chance. His only buffer was support from Apollo Hospitals promoter Prathap Reddy, whom he knew from the past. Sachdev rented a room in a local clinic where he would treat patients for about four hours and spend his remaining working hours in Delhi's Apollo Hospital. In a short period, Sachdev made a name for himself.
Later, he moved to a bigger centre nearby. "When I quit AIIMS, my intent was to create a tertiary eye care centre. Buying land was the biggest impediment. Coming from a middle-class background, I didn't have access to large funds," he says. Mahipal's wife Alka Sachdev, who is now the CEO of Centre for Sight, decided to continue her government job for sustenance. "We decided we will not take loan from family because if we fail, we will not have to answer anyone. We took a small loan by pulling a few strings. In the first few years, whatever was earned was ploughed back into the business," she says. With his initial success, Mahipal was able to attract talent from AIIMS and gave them higher salaries.
Watch video of Dr Mahipal Sachdev
Business grew at a modest pace until 2009 but then picked up momentum. Mahipal Sachdev, 56, says business grew at an annual pace of about 40 per cent in the past five years. Today, it has 49 centres across north, central and west India. Broadly, the hospital chain follows three models of expansion - greenfield, brownfield and running ophthalmology departments in hospitals. It does not follow a franchisee model so that the administrative control remains in their hands. Each model has its own advantages and disadvantages. In brownfield projects, for instance, where they acquire practice of other ophthalmologists, the break even comes fast because the acquired centre already has a running operation.
"There is no suspense. However, the risk of losing the key people is always there," she says. By 2020, Sachdev says, that he wants to build presence across India. "We have a target of opening up 10 new centres this year which will take our revenues to over Rs 175 crore in 2014/15, up from Rs 133 crore in 2013/14," he adds. Setting up a centre costs anywhere between Rs 2 crore and Rs 15 crore depending upon the equipment and services it plans to offer.
Centre for Sight does not buy properties, it takes them on lease. Growth in older centres is around 15 per cent while new ones, after a year of launch, grow at around 40-50 per cent. What are the future prospects? Sachdev points out that every third blind person in the world is Indian, according to some estimates.
"The commonest cause of blindness is cataract. There are around 12 million blinds in India out of which 8 million are blind because of cataract. With life expectancy increasing, diseases such as cataract will grow." Centre for Sight has raised private equity fund twice - both time from Matrix Partners-in the past to fund its expansion. In the next few months, Sachdev plans to raise more money from private equity. Parijat Ghosh, India health-care practice head at Bain & Company, says that single-specialty format in the health-care sector is gaining momentum but there are some challenges that could hinder their growth plans.
"People in India give more emphasis to doctors rather than a hospital brand name. So acquisition of key doctors in each locality is crucial. Secondly, how do you ensure consistent level of quality and care on a broader level," says Ghosh. Sachdev agrees by saying that getting the same standard operating procedures and maintaining clinical excellence could pose challenge. "All doctors are not same," he says.

Tuareg aims to expand in eastern  southern statesStory
Gaining Heft
Tuareg Marketing is now looking to expand to eastern and southern states as well as neighbouring countries such as Bangladesh and Nepal.
Tuareg Marketing CEO Jitendra Chauhan.
BT-YES Bank Best SME Survey
TUAREG MARKETING
Tuareg Marketing, a subsidiary of Spain-headquartered Taurus Group, was formed after the $1-billion group acquired INALSA brands in 2004. Started by the Usha Group in the mid-sixties, INALSA has seen many organisational changes, due to multiple parent companies, before it was acquired by Taurus.
Tuareg has grown five times over the past decade and aims to cross Rs 100 crore in revenue in 2014. Tuareg, which sells the INALSA brand of kitchen appliances, gets most of its revenue from northern and western India but is now looking to expand to eastern and southern states as well as neighbouring countries such as Bangladesh and Nepal. The company also plans to strengthen its product portfolio, says CEO Jitendra Chauhan.
Currently, it sells products in more than 30 categories through a network of more than 250 distributors and 10,000 retailers across India and enjoys a leadership position in the food processor segment. While food processors contribute 80-85 per cent of its turnover, small appliances make up 15-20 per cent.
The Noida-based company aims to dominate other categories such as cooking and heating appliances as well as home and personal care products, says Associate Vice President Satish Chaudhary.
"The USP (unique selling proposition) of INALSA is its durability. While the product life cycle is five to six years, our consumers use our food processors for more than a decade and they only change it for an upgraded design," says Chouhan. He spends five per cent of the turnover on marketing, while the industry standard varies from three per cent to eight per cent. "Our distributors, too, spend 1.5 per cent of their margin on marketing INALSA products," adds Chauhan.
Full coverage: India's Best SMEs
It's been three decades that INALSA has been enjoying the leadership position in the food processor category. The average price for its food processors is Rs 6,500, while it goes up to Rs 7,500 for various models. Its price range is higher than Bajaj and Prestige and a shade below Phillips.
Full coverage: Winners'profiles
In the next decade, the Rs 7,000-crore home appliance market has the potential to grow 15 per cent to 20 per cent. Manu Agarwal, Founder of Naaptol.com, says many other factors are influencing the rising popularity of kitchen appliances as a category within the e-commerce framework.
VIDEO: Tuareg Marketing aims at Rs 100 cr turnover by December
"Customers are getting more refined about their choices in their kitchen. Customers are choosing kitchen appliances that allow them to further customise their kitchen the way they visualise."
Gulbahar Taurani, Director, Domestic Appliances, Philips India, says the popularity of food processors in India is growing because the rising number of working women and changing lifestyles has made multi-tasking a necessity. This is prompting several companies to tap into this demand. Chauhan is aware of market dynamics. "It's a highly fragmented market where every player is doing everything. But there will take place a lot of consolidation and we are very much open to acquire some brands," he says.

Londons supercar invasionShare this page
Fast times
Summer is nearly in the rear-view. Time, then, for a last-gasp holiday. Have you got everything packed? Swimwear? Sun cream? Gold-plated Ferrari?
Though most motorists would leave the car at home, an ever-expanding group of wealthy travellers, primarily from the Middle East, are making excursions to central London with supercars in tow .
The phenomenon has become an annual pastime, drawing enthusiasts into the congestion-charge zone to see and snap the exotic and unusual, which parade through the British capital like models on a catwalk.
With ready assistance from prominent UK car bloggers, BBC Autos surveys the  garish and the gorgeous giving the streets of London one last summertime salute. (Photo: Freddy Atkins )
The bling thing
Top-spec Range Rover Mystere by Hamann in gold. (Photo: Joao Faustino )
Shining up nicely
Idling outside a luxury hotel in London, three exotic fruits ripe for the picking (if you’re a magpie, that is). (Photo: Neil Gordhan NGP 2014 @Flickr)
Precious metal
With a seven-figure price tag, a Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport Vitesse is already virtually worth its weight in gold. This one takes the analogy rather literally. (Photo: Freddy Atkins )
Web of wonder
A Ferrari 458 Spider parked in central London wears a bespoke weave. (Photo: Neil Gordhan NGP 2014 @Flickr)
A rarified queue
Pagani Huayra, Lamborghini Aventador and a humble BMW 7 Series sedan. (Photo: Freddy Atkins )
Bigger always better?
A Mercedes-Benz G63 6x6 AMG has been frequently spotted cruising across the capital. (Photo: Freddy Atkins )
Midas goes shopping
A gold-wrapped Ferrari 458 Spider outside Harrods. (Photo: Tim via Shmee150 /Facebook)
Yellow jacket
One of the world’s least popular car colours on one of the world’s most desired cars, the Lamborghini Aventador. (Photo: Freddy Atkins )
The price is right
One of the most expensive cars on the planet, the Koenigsegg Agera R, worth approximately $2m. (Photo: Courtesy Aqib Chaudry)
Child’s play
For a bit of supercar bling minus the wallet sting, a custom Atom V8 Roadster could be yours in gold for £29,999 (roughly $50,000) from Selfridges department store in London. Only catch? It is for your child – not you. (Photo: Emily Wren)
Looking for more London supercars? Click here for BBC News’ special video report.
More Slideshows

Russian hostility to test Natos resolveSeptember 3, 2014 6:40 pm
Russian aggression sets stiffest test of Nato resolve in 20 years
By Sam Jones in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d588831a-337c-11e4-9607-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Power crisis looms as coal shortage worsensPower crisis looms as coal stock becomes critical in 23 plants
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 4, 2014  | 09:53 IST
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal
The country is on the brink of a major power crisis as several power plants are running out of coal stocks. The number of thermal power plants which have less than seven days of coal stocks left has shot up to 56 this week from 52 last week, official figures showed on Wednesday.
The stock levels are at the lowest since mid-2012, when large swathes of the country had to go without power plunging millions of homes in darkness.
An NTPC official said the situation is very critical in at least six of its 23 thermal power plants across the country. "We have stocks of less than a day at our plants at Badarpur, Dadri and Jhajjar all of which feed Delhi and NCR," the official disclosed. Public sector NTPC is the biggest power producer in the country.
FUEL SHORTAGE
"Most of our plants are running 25-30 per cent below their normal capacity. We are not sure by when the situation will normalise. We have many western power projects not working and that is adding to the power crisis," the NTPC official added. Plants are running short of the fuel due to lower supplies from Coal India (CIL), which accounts for 80 per cent of India's coal production. The quality of coal supplied to the power plants has also been an issue. Imported coal has to be mixed with domestic coal to fire the plants as the poor quality of Indian coal tends to damage the plants.
Investments in washeries to upgrade the quality of Indian coal has also been tardy. The situation worsens in the monsoon months as the evacuation of coal from the mines slows down due to the rains.
However, CIL claims that it cannot to be blamed for stocks at power plants  dropping to critical levels. A high plant load factor (PLF) and delay related to coal imports were responsible for the problem, it said.
Coal fired thermal plants account for over two-thirds of the country's power generation capacity. Senior officials point out that as many as 12 major power projects entailing an investment of Rs36,000 crore and having a total generation capacity of 7,230 MW are stranded due to a shortage of coal. Besides a power generation capacity of 42,480 MW commissioned in the country after 2009 is presently entitled to only 65 per cent of their Letter of Assurance (LoA) commitment.
The shortage of coal  has increased the dependence on imports . Union power and coal minister Piyush Goyal will meet state power ministers on September 9 ahead of his meeting with private and public power producers later this month amid pressure from power generating companies to hike power tariffs from the state utilities as compensation for the costlier fuel.
Interestingly, the meeting also coincides the day when the Supreme Court is expected to take a final decision on its August 25 judgment declaring illegal all coal blocks allocated from 1993 to 2010.

Cameron cautions on unilateral actionSeptember 4, 2014 9:17 am
David Cameron cautions on unilateral response to conflicts
By John Aglionby in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a2f86a4-3400-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India Plans to Open Handloom Stores AbroadYou are here: Home Economy
India Plans to Open Handloom Stores Abroad
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 04, 2014 16:03 (IST)
Will All Coal Licenses be Cancelled? Verdict by September 26
Hyderabad:
India is planning to open handloom stores abroad and is in the process of pooling artisans to work on contemporary and export-oriented designs, a top government official said here today.
"As far as the exports market is concerned, we are trying to explore new markets and look for some of the franchise model over there...also to open our own stores and we are working on that. It will take some time before we can put it into operation," Development Commissioner (Handlooms), Ministry of Textiles, Dinesh Kumar told PTI here.
Handicrafts and Handloom Exports Corporation of India as well as Handloom Export Promotion Council are working in that direction, he said.
"So, we are trying to put designers into clusters so as to make different kinds of designs which are contemporary and acceptable in the export market. Things are taking place. But growth rate... I think over a period of time we should see some upswing," Kumar said.
Referring to the Indian market, he said though the number of looms has declined over the years, the amount of cloth that has been weaved has increased.
"There is a reduction in domestic looms much more than commercial looms. People are now spending more number of days per annum on the loom and it is getting slightly commercialised. Value addition is taking place and perhaps it is moving in the direction where it can become sustainable and we should be able to see that the number stays and then it takes off from there," he added.
The official also stressed the need for handloom sector to go in for more and more diversified products and contemporary designs with focus on colour consciousness.
"There is lot of demand in the domestic market as well as in the export market provided we are able to provide right kind of design and right kind of fashion," Kumar said.
He added: "We are trying to highlight that handloom is eco-friendly...as well as skin-friendly. It also takes care of our tradition, culture and heritage".
Story first published on: September 04, 2014 15:59 (IST)

Iraq War Supporters Urge Caution Amid ISIS Media FrenzyTwo Iraq War Supporters Urge Caution Amid ISIS Media Frenzy
Posted:
reddit
NEW YORK -– As the Obama administration weighs whether it should try to manage the Islamic State, destroy it or follow it to the “gates of Hell,” endless news coverage and non-stop cable chatter have focused on the possibility of expanding the fight from Iraq to Syria.
Many have argued that President Barack Obama needs to go beyond air strikes against the Islamic State in Iraq -– there have been 124 strikes so far -– and begin targeting militants inside civil war-torn Syria. The notion that Obama isn't doing enough has been a common theme, regardless of party.
“I think it’s time for him to say more and do more,” former Rep. Jane Harman (D-Calif.) told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday. The next day, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) told Blitzer he agreed with Harman and expressed support for targeting the Islamic State within Syria.
The New York Post, which famously mocked U.S. allies over a decade ago for not rushing to invade Iraq, ran a front-page photo Wednesday of journalist Steven Sotloff just before he was killed with the headline, “This won’t stop until WE STOP THEM.” The Daily News used another still image Wednesday from the horrific video of Sotloff's beheading and asked, “Do you have a strategy now, Mr. President?”
The tabloid covers, and much of the current media frenzy, suggest a high level of urgency -- that Obama needs to come up with a strategy and immediately carry it out. But does he?
The FBI and Homeland Security Department found the Islamic State has made no credible threats to the U.S. and the Defense Department expressed doubts about the organization’s “capability right now to conduct a major attack” on U.S. soil. Some politicians have raised the specter of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks when urging further action against the group, but National Counterterrorism Center Director Matthew Olsen said Wednesday that the organization is "not al Qaeda pre 9/11."
And while a number of politicians and pundits say Obama needs to act fast, two prominent Iraq war supporters are urging restraint, arguing he should be cautious about escalating the fight against the Islamic State.
“I feel the atmosphere today is, in some ways, similar to the atmosphere in 2003, when we thought there was less time to deal with Saddam [Hussein] than there was,” said Jeffrey Goldberg, a national correspondent for The Atlantic, in an interview with The Huffington Post. “Yes, I understand ISIS poses a threat to the United States. It’s not clear it poses an imminent threat.”
Goldberg, who endorsed the 2003 invasion and describes himself as “dispositionally interventionist,” said, “We saw the consequences of an administration launching a war without a strategy in Iraq.” For that reason, he added, it’s better for Obama to admit “he doesn’t have a strategy than to lie that he has a strategy when he does not.”
On Twitter, Goldberg pushed back against calls by some prominent writers on foreign affairs -- The New Yorker's Jon Lee Anderson and Council of Foreign Relations fellow Max Boot –- for expanded military action against the Islamic State.
“If a full-scale attack on ISIS is going to end up with a long-term occupation of Syria and Iraq by the U.S., or the U.S. allying with [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s] regime or the Iranian regime," Goldberg said, "then I think we need to do more thinking.”
New York Times columnist Tom Friedman, another supporter of the Iraq war, wrote Tuesday that “we were in a hurry, myself included, to change things after 9/11, and when you’re in a hurry you ignore complexities that come back to haunt you later.”
The U.S. military easily defeated the Iraqi army, but proved to have no serious post-war plan. The result was years of sectarian warfare, which further destabilized the country. That unraveling led to situation where a terrorist group like ISIS -- which counts former high-ranking Iraqi soldiers among its leaders -- seize large swaths of territory.
“There are no words to describe the vileness of the video beheadings of two American journalists by ISIS, but I have no doubt that they’re meant to get us to overreact, à la 9/11, and rush off again without a strategy,” Friedman wrote. “ISIS is awful, but it is not a threat to America’s homeland.”
Goldberg acknowledged that Obama’s rhetoric has been “uncertain and contradictory” and said the president’s decision not to strike the Syrian government a year ago, even after the Assad regime crossed his “red line” on the use of chemical weapons, has helped fuel the narrative that he's overly deliberative.
Still, Goldberg said that press coverage has focused too much on Obama's "demeanor and the words he deploys, rather than actions he’s taking on the ground.” He suggested that more attention should be paid to the administration's continued efforts to hit terrorist targets worldwide, including this past week's drone strike aimed at the leader of the militant group al-Shabab in Somalia.
“Sometimes I do ask myself,” Goldberg said, “how many al-Shabab leaders have my fellow columnists killed lately?”
More:

Esurance wants us to cover our house with what!0
Brandt, who said in an email he had been away from social media for a few days, said the doctored photo – which took about 30 seconds to alter – was the last thing he posted before bed Tuesday night. He said he didn’t notice the picture was getting so much attention until co-workers began sharing articles about the photo on social media.
“My initial reaction was to be upset for not receiving credit, but then I realized that it was most likely not a malicious or plagiaristic act,” he said in an email response.
He added that it was “unsettling” people found it so amusing and that some were even demanding an apology from Esurance. He also was surprised media outlets reported on the photo.
“After you Photoshop something and have it end up [in the media], the slightest trust that you still had in the media is now lost,” he said.
The photo gained attention on social media after Brandt's pal Sharlene King (@typodactyl) shared it on Wednesday thinking it was real, and received more than 1,500 retweets. Reached by phone Thursday, King said she found the photo on Brandt’s  Instagram  account and shared it for fun, chiding the official Esurance twitter account (@esurance) that it should be careful with its “kerning” – a typographical term for the spacing between letters. 
“I guess I should have known with the Internet, everyone loves a good dick joke,” she said of the attention the tweet received. Several media outlets,  including sports blog Deadspin  and  RedEye , called attention to the tweet.
Esurance’s official Twitter account on Wednesday responded to King’s tweet, saying “all affected” billboards have been removed. However, Miller said the tweet was referencing a separate issue. That had to do with concerns the sign at Randolph and Canal as well as four others in Chicago could be read “differently” if viewed from afar. That prompted the company to remove all five signs in late July. 
Want more? Discuss this article and others on RedEye's Facebook page . 

Ask The Etiquette Expert: How Should I Prepare For My First International Business Tripreddit
Question:
Diane, I'm going on my first international business trip and don't have the foggiest idea of where to begin. Any tips?
Answer:
Taking care of details before you depart can make the difference between a smooth trip and a traveling nightmare. Here are a few first steps to get you started on the right foot:
Visit a doctor. Get a physical and update your vaccines. Depending on what country you are traveling to, you may need particular immunizations. Carry your medications with you on the plane so in the event your luggage is lost, you will have your daily meds on hand. Request a computerized medication list from your pharmacist in case of a medical emergency. And finally, check your insurance policy to confirm you are covered medically overseas, and if not buy travel health protection and medical evacuation insurance to be fully prepared.
Arrive at your destination country early. Get the lay of the land by arriving a day or two before your meeting and hire a local guide to show you around. Contact the concierge at your hotel for recommendations on who to hire. Request the guide speak English so you can communicate and ask for helpful hints and tips that will be useful while you are visiting and doing business. Ask the concierge and your guide for suggestions of restaurants, coffee shops, and unique sites that are both safe and well regarded.
Give the U.S. State Department a heads up. Notify the U.S. State Department and sign up to receive important information from the embassy about safety conditions, and be available via text or email should they need to contact you for travel alerts, natural disasters, or other emergencies. Utilize programs such as, "Stay Informed, Stay Connected, Stay Safe!" Smart Traveler Enrollment Program and refer to U.S. Passports and International Travel website for more information.
Contact your credit card company. Nothing brings your trip to a screeching halt faster than frozen funds. Be sure to let your credit card company know when and where you'll be traveling so you can avoid the frantic call to unlock your card. Credit cards with magnetic strips are not always accepted by businesses, and some establishments do not accept credit cards at all, so make sure to carry a fair amount of local currency to avoid being caught off guard.
Make copies of important documents. Make duplicates of the following: passport, driver's license, credit/debit cards, birth certificate, and insurance cards. Leave a set of copies at home or with someone you trust to retrieve the information. Pack another set carefully in your carry-on bag. Take a picture of your credit cards and security codes in case you need to access them immediately.
Anticipate technology challenges. It may be difficult to find a place to charge your cell phone in the middle of the day while traveling. Consider bringing a backup solar powered battery charger. Depending on the country, you might need adaptors for your technology and electronics. Rather than bringing a suitcase full of hair tools and adaptors, invest in a less expensive hair straightener or curling iron when you arrive and use the hotel blow dryer. Even with an adaptor, some electronics can't handle the difference in voltage and will easily burn out.
Research your phone's travel capabilities. Make a call to your cell phone company and discuss your options. I've found it worth the expense to purchase a travel calling plan when spending time abroad. Text messages and downloading any kind of data will quickly add up without a travel plan. Double check your phone settings and turn off "data fetch" for any programs on your phone that update on their own (i.e. Facebook). This will conserve your data until it's needed.
Brush up on the local language. You can test your skills using an app on your phone such as Duolingo or Google Translate . Don't underestimate a good old fashioned phrase book to get you through simple interactions. Familiarize yourself with the basics beforehand such as, "Hello," "Good-bye," "Excuse me," "My name is _____," "Nice  to meet you," "Please," "Thank you," and "Where is the restroom?"  to use as you go about your trip.
Photograph your luggage. Anyone who has had the unfortunate experience of losing their luggage can attest that trying to describe to an airport representative what your luggage looks like (i.e. black with wheels) can be vague. A baggage claim ticket is useful, but often lost during the flight and numerous layovers. Make an effort to attach something notable to your suitcases and take a picture of your baggage with your cell phone. Now you can easily identify your luggage in the sea of black bags.
Do your homework. Cultural customs differ from country to country, and it's always prudent to be prepared before you arrive. For example, some countries encourage tipping while others do not. Some regions are close communicators while others are more reserved. It's in your best interest to know something about the culture, etiquette, religion, business values, and particular communication styles before landing on foreign soil.
For more tips visit Diane's blog , connect with her here on The Huffington Post, follow her on Pinterest , and "like" The Protocol School of Texas on Facebook .
Follow Diane Gottsman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dianegottsman
More:

Workplace Wellness: 7 Workplace Design Experts Weigh in on the Next Big Thingreddit
Sitting is the new smoking. Rising U.S. obesity rates. Michelle Obama's "Get Moving Campaign." Proliferation of the LEED rating system and acceptance of practices.
There are many drivers increasing general awareness creating perhaps the most predominant trend of 2014: Wellness in the Workplace. I recently spoke with Joan Blumenfeld, of Perkins & Will, and one of the pioneers in this area, who worked with the NYC Department of Health and the NYC DDC in developing some of these ideas. She is also on the board of the NY Center for Active Design , a nonprofit aiming to reduce the risk of obesity and chronic diseases through the design of buildings, streets, and neighborhoods. Joan stated, "This movement really started back in 2006, but hasn't gained much popularity until recently." Though she has been involved in the concept for quite some time, it's only been in the past two years that requests for speaking engagements and information in RFP responses has increased.
Perhaps it also helps that more research at a molecular level has been done to show how even small amounts of exercise can change your metabolism. This particular study on "Inactivity Research" counters conventional wisdom. "The conventional wisdom... is that if you watch your diet and get aerobic exercise at least a few times a week, you'll effectively offset your sedentary time. A growing body of inactivity research, however, suggests that this advice makes scarcely more sense than the notion that you could counter a pack-a-day smoking habit by jogging. Exercise is not a perfect antidote for sitting," says Marc Hamilton, an inactivity researcher at the Pennington Biomedical Research Center. It is this revelation that is leading furniture manufacturers and design practitioners alike to apply similar concepts from the Center for Active Design to the workplace. I spoke with seven experts in the workplace design field about these concepts.
What else is driving this increased attention on wellness in the workplace?
"Active Design is a natural result of current culture and societal awareness with wellbeing as the driver. There are really three components that have catalyzed this movement including sustainability, individual wellness and the ability of leveraging choice in the workplace as a destination/mobile movement. It is a continuing conversation that we are having with our clients on many levels from variety of workplace setting offerings, circulation patterns, fitness/wellness programs to food offerings. How the workplace design can provide the healthiest environment to support our client's staff is essential...it's increasingly becoming an important issue for everyone" -Mark Hirons, Principal/ Design Director of Interiors, Cannon Design
"The increasing costs of healthcare, the Affordable Care Act and a cultural shift towards increased workplace productivity are leading organizations down a path toward Active Design. These concerns will soon be the number one issue organizations will face and aim to solve in the coming years." -Jonathan Webb, VP of Business Markets, KI Furniture
"A conglomeration of factors drives awareness. With that awareness, comes change. There is a huge correlation between the culture on university campuses and how we work. As graduating students enter the workplace, expectations change. Today, they are basically living the free address model. You go to class, learn, do work, come back and share. You get graded, so you are measured. Then what happens is when they enter the workforce, they have to sit 40 hours per week in the same spot within the office. As we progress as a design industry, our client profiles will continue to evolve. Right now baby boomers remain predominant, but by 2020 Gen Y will be the majority in the workforce. When that happens, the Millennials have certain expectations of what the work environment can offer, and because they are 'digital natives' and are accustomed to working 'anywhere,' this alone will drive a lot of these principles of activity in the workplace as well." -Angie Lee, Principal & Global Market Leader, VOA
"Active Design is extending the conversation of sustainability from buildings to our human capital, which is the largest investment. The concept of Active Design is growing organically with the new generation of worker. Employers now realize that the greatest asset they have are their people. We've gone through the 'great depression of cost reductions,' and now we are understanding the investments we have. Sustainability is front and center. There has been a 'media blitz' on creating sustainable environments. It's not either or, It's the 'yes AND' conversation. And the 'and' is how we have a conversations about our own sustainability. (i.e. longevity of life) As many companies are targeting new hires, they want energetic, lively, sustainable and active people, which means they need a workplace that reflects that, supports and grows that activity. They understand that an active workplace is important for bottom line." -Nila R. Leiserowitz, Managing Principal, Gensler
"The perk of this question is tied to the war for talent. Even though there is still unemployment many organizations are having struggles to get right talent and keep the right talent. Having the right benefit structures helps the right talent. Not everyone can compete with Google and all the amenities, so they try to find affordable ways to attract employees to their organization. It not only makes them attractive as an employer, but makes them a healthy employee at the end of the day. They have seen the impact of not only absenteeism (people not showing up for work) but also people not staying at job for more than a year. You can go to any employer's website now and find examples of these wellness programs being actively marketed. Look at how they present themselves with benefits to see how they are attracting people to organization." -Bernice Boucher, Head of Workplace Strategy, JLL
Where and how is this concept of wellness taking hold as it relates to our physical workplace?
"What we are doing for these companies is providing the same number of seats, but in different formats; formal conference rooms, meeting rooms, a café with lounge area, lounge spaces. There are all kinds of other ways to be working besides sitting at a desk in an office or workstation. We are providing a lot of different workplace settings that people can get up and go to. This idea is driving a lot of the changes we are seeing in workplace design in the corporate world." - Joan Blumenfeld, Global Interior Design Director, Perkins & Will
"Unlike designing a healthcare environment which is a bit more prescriptive and follows process for how you deliver care, workplace planning is very dynamic and fluid. Each organization and its operation are unique in some ways. One standard approach to planning for the various settings or standardized workstations or layout is not meant to work for all companies. It's 'messy.' Further, in today's work environment, there are many modes of work that require different settings. Technology drives mobility, mobility drives wellness - the ability to get up and move around as well as being able to look outside is the key, it is about having choices." -Angie Lee, Principal & Global Market Leader, VOA
"Give them lots of options of places to work, so that they can choose where and how they work best. [Gensler] recently did a workplace survey to study the impact of workplace design on business performance, employee engagement and innovation. One of the big findings in over 11 industries was CHOICE. So how does that relate? If you respect the person, give them choice and they feel more in control, they are less stressed. Less stress means less health issues." - Nila R. Leiserowitz, Managing Principal, Gensler
"Flexible spaces are now commonplace; conference rooms that double as studio space for yoga/pilates and other things can also support wellness programs. It is cheaper for them to bring people in to the office than to support someone out [sick]. If space can double or pieces of these spaces can double in their function that is innovation." -Marlene Liriano, Director of Interior Design, HOK
Is it really possible for an office space to change behavior?
"Cannon Design recently moved to a new office space in Chicago where creating choice and fostering movement was imperative. We have everyone on one floor, which has increased our face to face interaction by 40% between staff leveraging destination settings and created a more active, cohesive culture throughout.  Daylighting and openness creates connectivity and accessibility, which encourages more movement. We have one central café with various teaming and meeting spaces surrounding which fosters a nucleus of activity and engagement and offers multiple posture offerings for people to interact.   It's really more of a flexible hospitality suite to support interactions and creativity as well as enjoy the ability to work, learn and play together (i.e. from workshops to ping pong tournament). It really fosters a sense of creativity of how people can actively define their setting and better leverage participation and movement to best capture the dynamic process of design within our environment." -Mark Hirons, Principal, Design Director of Interiors, Cannon Design
"Seen through today's lens, the work environment is less about fixed items like walls, bricks, and mortar, but so much more about flexibility and agility. The furniture industry itself has really come to life from that respect. To be a designer today is to apply one's creativity in concert with solutions that allow for change over time. When our clients decide to take the leap in a new approach in office design, the solution will impact corporate culture and behavior, how space will be used. Having a Change Management program is essential to run concurrently with the design and construction of the new office space. This is a key component of designing 21st century environments. Buildings last 50 plus years, interior spaces have longevity of around 10-15 years before becoming dated, but technology changes every 12-18 months. Because technology is the backbone to how business is conducted, it must be considered and be integrated into the overall design concept. This too, will influence behavior and culture." -Angie Lee, Principal & Global Market Leader, VOA
"Even with corporate wellness programs already in place (i.e. healthier food options and onsite gym facilities), KI's research has shown that only those employees already subscribing to healthy practices and leading healthy lifestyles take advantage of such programs. It is paramount that we work proactively with our clients to plan spaces that inherently promote more active work environments." -Jonathan Webb, VP of Business Markets, KI Furniture
More:

Regulators May Put Stricter Oversight on MetLifeAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Options for exemptions on long-term capital gainsStory
Exemptions on long-term capital gains
Find out the various options to counter the tax arising at the time of sale, some of which have been articulated below to help you pick options of your liking.
Divya Baweja        Edition: September 2014
Exemptions on long-term capital gains
All of us are aware that income in any form usually attracts tax. Capital assets are wealth created over a lifetime and the choice of selling these assets is made with an intention to increase existing wealth in the form of gains. Tax on capital gains directly affects investment decisions. However, there are various options available under the law to counter the tax arising at the time of sale, some of which have been articulated below to help you pick options of your liking.
CATEGORISING YOUR GAINS
Capital asset is defined to include property of any kind excluding stock-in-trade, personal effects, agricultural land and certain specified bonds. However, jewellery, archaeological collections, drawings, paintings, sculptures or any work of art although may be for personal use are also covered under the definition of 'capital asset'. Capital gain is computed by deducting the cost of acquisition, cost of improvement and any expenditure incurred in connection with transfer from the sale consideration. Capital gains can be classified into long-term (LTCG) and short-term (STCG) depending on the period for which the capital asset has been held by the transferor before the date of suchtransfer. It is important to remember the category in which the capital gain falls because it will eventually impact the rate at which it is taxed and the tax benefits which can be enjoyed on re-investment of such gains/consideration.
STCG is earned on sale of a capital asset which has been held for not more than 36 months immediately preceding the date of its transfer. In case of any security listed on a recognised stock exchange in India or a unit of the Unit Trust of India or a unit of equity-oriented mutual fund or a zero-coupon bond, the period of holding for the gain to qualify as STCG is twleve months. The Income tax law has recently been amended to provide that the unlisted securities and a unit of mutual fund (other than an equity-oriented mutual fund) shall be a short-term capital asset, if it is held for not more than 36 months (which was 12 months in the erstwhile provisions). Any "capital asset" held for more than 36 months before its transfer (more than 12 months in case of listed securities, units of UTI or equity-oriented mutual fund) will qualify as a long-term capital asset and gains realised on its sale will qualify as a LTCG.
LTCG is taxed at a beneficial rate of 20%, plus a cess of 3%, subject to fulfilment of certain conditions. Besides the concessional rate of taxes available on sale of capital assets, there are also certain exemptions provided under the Income tax law for capital gains arising from sale of long-term capital asset.
CLAIMING EXEMPTIONS
LTCG is exempt for an individual or HUF on sale of a residential house property, if such gains (not the whole consideration) is utilised to purchase or construct another residential house. It should be noted that the new house should be purchased within one year before or two years after the date of transfer. In case of construction, the new house should be constructed within three years from the date of transfer. Exemption will be limited to the capital gains or the cost of the new house, whichever is lower
LTCG is exempt for an individual or HUF where it is realised on sale of any capital asset, not being a residential house, if the net consideration (not merely the gains) is invested in purchase or construction of a residential house. The timeline for purchase or construction is the same as mentioned above. However, to avail this benefit, the assessee should not own more than one house other than the new asset on the date of transfer. As per the recent clarifications made in Finance Act, 2014, the purchase of house property to claim such exemption has been restricted to one residential house property situated in India. Exemption in this case will be proportionate to the amount invested in relation to the net sale consideration.
The exempt amount is calculated by multiplying the capital gain with the number arrived by dividing the amount invested with the net sale consideration. Although LTCG is required to be invested as per the timelines mentioned in Income Tax law (i.e. two/ three years from the date of transfer), it is possible that such investment may not be made before the due date of filing of return.
Accordingly, the unutilised amount of capital gain or net consideration can be deposited in a separate account maintained with a nationalised bank under the Capital Gain Account Scheme (CGAS). Such investment needs to be made before the due date of filing of return of income in order to claim exemption and should be utilised only for specified purposes within the stipulated time period. In case the amount deposited in CGAS is not utilised within the specified period, it shall be charged as LTCG of the year in which the time limit for making the requisite investment expires.
LTCG can be claimed as exempt in case the gains are invested in bonds of National Highways Authority of India and Rural Electrification Corporation within six months from the date of transfer. However, the exemption is limited to Rs 50 lakh in such a case. It has been recently clarified in the Finance Act 2014 that the limit of Rs 50 lakh is in aggregate and applies to total investment. The exemption up to Rs 50 lakh can be claimed only in one financial year, even if the specified period of six months covers two financial years
It is important to remember that staying well informed of beneficial tax provisions always helps in saving substantial tax liability. All that is required is to make prudent investments at the right time. This will help in enjoying the fruits of one's labour without taking a cut on the pocket in the form of tax.
The author is Divya Baweja-Partner, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Euro falls most in last 3 years on ECB rate cutEuro falls steepest in last 3 years as ECB cuts interest rate
Wayne Cole     Sydney   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 15:03 IST
Photo: Reuters
The euro was deep under water on Friday, having suffered its steepest fall in three years after the European Central Bank stunned markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
The aggressive shift sent short-term bond yields into negative territory in Germany, France, the Netherlands and Austria, giving investors an overwhelming incentive to sell euros for higher-yielding assets elsewhere.
That stood in stark contrast to the United States, where upbeat data only reinforced the case for the Federal Reserve to wind down its stimulus, driving the dollar higher and sideswiping oil and gold in the process.
After surging on Thursday, European share markets looked set to start in a cautious mood as the U.S. payrolls report loomed large later in the session. Financial spreadbetters tipped losses of 0.1 per cent to 0.2 per cent for the FTSE 100, DAX and CAC 40.
In Asia , Japan's Topix stalled just short of its January peak. Chart resistance is tough as a break there would take it to levels last seen in July 2008.
Chinese stocks extended their bull run, with the CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings barrelling to their best in over eight months.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased back 0.6 per cent, having already reached its loftiest level since early 2008.
The Dow had eased 0.05 per cent, the S&P 500 lost 0.15 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.22 per cent.
The euro was licking its wounds at $1.2934, after hitting a 14-month low of $1.2920 overnight, and it seemed destined to test the July 2013 trough of $1.2898.
It hit a one-month low on the yen at 135.97, while the dollar briefly spiked to a six-year peak of 105.71 yen before steadying at 105.35.
The single currency's capitulation came after ECB President Mario Draghi announced a range of rate cuts and a new plan to push money into the flagging euro zone economy.
In a news conference, Draghi said the aim was to expand the bank's balance sheet back to the heights reached in early 2012, which equates to a rise of around 50 per cent or 1 trillion euros in new assets.
"The Governing Council will be pumping money into the economy while simultaneously penalising European banks that do not spend it," said Valentin Marinov, an analyst at CitiFX.
TURBO-CHARGED
"To the extent that at least some part of that money will head abroad, the turbo-charged easy money will likely invigorate euro-funded carry trades," said Marinov.
The already hugely popular carry trade is where investors borrow at low rates in euros or yen, for example, to buy higher-yielding assets in other countries. The latter include Australia, Canada, New Zealand and a whole range of emerging markets.
"We believe also that the longer-term impact of the measures would be to help unclog the lending channel of the eurozone and stimulate domestic demand," added Marinov.
Shorter-dated eurozone debt rallied hard after the ECB move, pushing the yield gap between U.S. and German two-year debt out to 60 basis points, the fattest premium since May 2007.
Across the Atlantic, data provided fresh evidence that the U.S. economy was on track for sturdy growth in the third quarter. Companies hired workers at a steady clip in August and service sector activity accelerated to 6-1/2-year high.
That lifted yields on 10-year Treasuries by 4 basis points to 2.453 per cent, further supporting the dollar.
Investors are now keenly waiting for the latest read on the U.S. labour market due later on Friday. Analysts expect the pace of job creation to have picked up slightly in August, with a rise of 225,000 jobs on nonfarm payrolls.
With the U.S. dollar flying, commodities had to cheapen to stay attractive and gold struck a three-month low at $1,256.90 an ounce before clambering back to $1,264.30.
Brent crude oil was off 4 cents at $101.79 a barrel after shedding more than a dollar overnight, while U.S. crude edged up 4 cents to $94.49.
(Reuters)

Rupee to Stagnate on Dollar Rally: Currency ExpertsMahindra and Mahindra Falls on Kotak Downgrade
The rupee will likely stagnate over the next year as a US dollar rally gathers steam and the Indian economy at best chugs along, while the Chinese yuan will probably appreciate a little, a Reuters poll found.
The poll of more than 30 currency strategists, conducted this week, predicted one US dollar will fetch Rs 60.50 in a month, Rs 60.30 in six months and Rs 60.82 in a year. The dollar was trading around Rs 60.43 on Friday.
Those predictions are a little more bearish than those in the August survey and come despite the rupee rising over 2 per cent and the stock market rallying 28 per cent since the start of this year.
"India enjoyed a steady stream of bond inflows in August, almost bursting the foreign investment limit of $25 billion," said Sook Mei Leong, ASEAN head of market research at BTMU in Singapore.
The European Central Bank on Thursday launched a stimulus programme to buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds in the latest attempt to revive the flagging euro zone economy and boost inflation.
Past experience shows that much of this money may eventually flow into emerging markets that offer a better return than the sub one percent yield of benchmark German bunds.
But with rising treasury yields in the US, inflows into Indian markets could be smaller this time around as investors flock to America's bond markets.
"Looking ahead towards year-end, portfolio inflows may taper especially with US monetary accommodation ending soon, though it is unlikely to be as negative as that seen last year," Leong added.
From a year earlier, the Indian economy grew 5.7 per cent in the quarter ended June, a 2-1/2 year high, breaking above a dominant sub-five percent trend seen in the past two years.
Still, unmet lofty expectations of reforms from the new government have tempered the jubilant optimism that followed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's election victory in May.
While economists are still hopeful the economy is gaining momentum, they agree it would take longer than earlier expected to return to near double-digit growth rate.
Also tempering the rupee's prospects is the US dollar, as a long-anticipated rally is finally taking hold.
The dollar, as measured against a basket of currencies, has gained almost 5 per cent since the start of the year on expectations the Federal Reserve will end its stimulus next month. Economists polled by Reuters expect the first rate hike in Q2 2015.
YUAN TO STRENGTHEN
China's yuan is expected to slowly strengthen over the next 12 months after a sharp slide early this year, as markets expect the country's central bank to be comfortable with a stronger currency as the economy recovers.
According to the Reuters poll, the currency is expected to change hands at 6.15 yuan a U.S. dollar in one month, then 6.12 yuan in six months and 6.06 yuan in a year.
On Friday, the People's Bank of China set the midpoint rate at 6.1707 per dollar, down 0.07 percent from the previous fix, reflecting the sharp rise of the U.S. index on Thursday.
The spot rate was around 6.14 to the dollar on Friday. The yuan is allowed to trade 2 per cent above or below the daily midpoint.
Recent data from China has sent conflicting signs about the health of the economy.
The economy grew at a faster pace in the April-June quarter, while purchasing manager surveys showed factory activity pulled back sharply in August.
"In many ways, the Chinese currency appears to be trading in its own little world, separated from economics even though many questions linger," said Leong of BTMU. "Perhaps the main worry is over the property sector."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Oz offers uranium  coal to deal with energy crisisAustralia offers uranium, coal to overcome energy supplies shortage
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 5, 2014  | 21:30 IST
Tony Abbott, Australian Prime Minister (Picture; Reuters)
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said he would seal a civil nuclear deal to sell uranium to India on Friday, offering to ramp up supplies of energy to help the emerging Asian giant overcome chronic shortages.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greeted Abbott with full state honours during his two-day visit to India. The two leaders were due to hold formal talks later and sign the deal to sell uranium for peaceful power generation.
"Prime Minister Modi and I will today sign a nuclear cooperation agreement," Abbott told business leaders.
In an editorial published in The Hindu he said the two sides had concluded the nuclear talks, which began about two years ago after Australia lifted a long-standing ban on selling uranium to energy-starved India.
"My hope is we can become a reliable source of energy resources and food security for India," Abbott said.
Prior to the meeting hosted by business lobbyists ASSOCHAM, the group said India should make use of Abbott's visit to seek more coal imports at a time when Indian thermal power stations are running critically short of the fuel.
With two-thirds of India's power stations fired by coal, and latest data showing that half of them down to a week's stock, tapping into Australia's coal reserves is a more pressing need than accessing uranium.
Nuclear power accounts for just 3 per cent of output, down from 3.7 per cent three years ago.
"While Coal India can be asked to step up its production, the growing needs make it imperative to go in for more imports and what better source than Australia whose top leadership is engaged with strategic relationship with India," ASSOCHAM President Rana Kapoor said in a statement.
The Australian government in July approved a $16.5 billion coal and rail project in the province of Queensland by Indian firm Adani Mining, controlled by billionaire Gautam Adani .
However, nuclear power is key to future energy plans in India, where a quarter of the 1.2 billion population has little or no access to electricity, a situation Modi has vowed to tackle.
Earlier this week, Modi was in Japan where he sought to accelerate negotiations of a civil nuclear agreement modeled on a deal with the United States in 2008 that ended years of isolation after India tested a nuclear weapon in 1998.
India operates 20 mostly small reactors at six sites with a capacity of 4,780 MW, or 2 per cent of its total power capacity, according to the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited. The government hopes to increase its nuclear capacity to 63,000 MW by 2032 by adding nearly 30 reactors at an estimated cost of $85 billion.
In an apparent bid to remove an irritant between the two nations, Abbott was due to hand over to Modi a $5 million statue of the Hindu god Shiva that had been illegally trafficked and a stone statue that had been displayed in an Australian gallery.
Abbott says ties between the two former British colonies are not as close as they should be.
(Reuters)

Andhra Pradesh govt allots 1 200 acres land to NTPC for project in VizagApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Aus PM Abbott offers uranium  coal to energy-starved IndiaIndia, Australia sign nuclear deal for uranium trade
Jayanth Jacob , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 11:22 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:35 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
India and Australia signed a landmark civil nuclear deal on Friday, clearing the way for Canberra to sell uranium to the energy-starved country for power generation.
The pact was signed after a meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Australian PM Tony Abbott, where the two leaders also discussed ways to further cooperation in the fields of energy, investment and education.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with his Australian cunterpart Tony Abbott, during their meeting in New Delhi. (PTI Photo)
“Signing of the agreement is a historic milestone in our relationship. It is a reflection of a new level of mutual trust and confidence, and will open a fresh chapter in our bilateral cooperation,” Modi said. The deal came at the end of Abbott’s two-day India visit and provides for the supply of uranium, production of radio isotopes, nuclear safety and other areas of cooperation.
HT Explains: India's win-win situation after Modi-Abbott meet
At the meeting, Abbott also gifted Modi two antique statues of Hindu deities that were allegedly stolen from temples in Tamil Nadu and bought by art galleries in Australia.  “I would like to convey to PM Abbott the deep sense of gratitude of 1.25 billion people of India for his efforts in bringing back the stolen Indian statues,” Modi said in response.
Australia has about a third of the world’s recoverable uranium resources and exports nearly 7,000 tonnes of it annually. India’s power generation is heavily dependent on coal with its 20 nuclear reactors, having an installed capacity of 4,780 MW, accounting for just 2% of its total electricity generation.
Read: Australia looks to sign FTA with India by 2016
A crippling shortage of coal and a deficient monsoon have worsened India’s power situation this year, with 56 of the country’s 100 thermal power plants running dangerously low on coal stocks.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott (L) shakes hands with his Indian counterpart Narendra Modi during a photo opportunity ahead of their meeting at Hyderabad House in New Delhi. (PTI photo)
 
New Delhi hopes to increase its nuclear power capacity to 63,000 MW by 2032, by adding nearly 30 reactors. “It (the pact) will support India’s efforts to fuel its growth with clean energy and minimize the carbon footprint of its growth,” Modi said.
Negotiations on the deal began in 2012 after Canberra lifted a long-time ban on exporting the valuable ore to India, following a historic civil nuclear deal between New Delhi and Washington in 2008.
HT editorial:  A coalition of the likeminded
After Friday’s meet, Modi termed Australia a strong strategic partner and an important part of India’s Look East policy. Both leaders decided to step up partnership in the areas of defence, counter-terrorism, disarmament and non-proliferation, a joint statement said. Modi also sought Australia’s help in setting up sports universities in the country.
India and Australia will hold the first bilateral naval exercise in 2015 and intend to enhance the partnership in the future.

US Employers Add 142K Jobs  Fewest in 8 MonthsAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Sapping the wests powerSeptember 1, 2014 3:48 pm
Division and crisis risk sapping the west’s power
By Gideon Rachman
America’s allies have come to rely excessively on the US to guarantee their security
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c1325ef6-31c7-11e4-b377-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Court refuses bail to suspended censor board CEO RakeshKumarCBI prosecutor Gul Asnani had said the investigation was at a crucial stage and Kumar may tamper with the evidence or abscond if released.
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 5, 2014 7:47 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 7:49 pm
The special CBI court in Mumbai on Friday rejected the bail application of suspended CEO of Central Board of Film Certification Rakesh Kumar who was arrested on the charge of taking bribe for issuing censor certificates to films.
Judge R N Joshi, while refusing him bail, accepted CBI’s contention that Kumar might tamper with evidence if released.
During the hearing on the application, the judge remarked that the impact of this crime was “depraving which destroys the coming generations” and it was “worse than economic offences”.
Kumar’s bail application said he was framed by a lobby of agents. The application, filed through his lawyer advocate Mahesh Vaswani, claimed the agents wanted him out of the way because he had initiated certain reforms to curb the red tape and increase transparency.
CBI prosecutor Gul Asnani had said the investigation was at a crucial stage and Kumar may tamper with the evidence or abscond if released.
Kumar was arrested by CBI on August 18, four days after an agent and a member of CBFC’s advisory panel were arrested for taking bribe, allegedly on Kumar’s behalf.
They later got bail.

Mine! 10 stingy companies hoard cashEMAIL
AP
Companies are supposed to make cash — for their shareholders. But a surprising collection of giant companies seem to be saying, “We don’t owe you anything.”
There are 10 companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 —  including online ad giants Google (GOOGL) and Facebook (FB) , and e-commerce leader Amazon.com (AMZN)  — that aren’t paying any dividends to investors despite being profitable and sitting on cash and cash equivalents in excess of $650 million or more of their total debt, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ. Only non-financial companies were considered in the analysis.
These stocks are running completely counter to the general trend of companies paying dividends and increasing them at a rapid clip. “Shareholder return continues to be the battle cry from boardrooms,” according to a dividend report by S&P Dow Jones’ Howard Silverblatt. Most companies in the S&P 500 pay a dividend and are boosting dividends so quickly they hit a record in the second quarter, Silverblatt says. Dividends by the S&P 500 are expected to rise at least 10% this year, he says.
Investors so far don’t seem to be bothered by these companies clinging to cash and shunning dividends. A custom equal-weighted index of the 10 stocks is up nearly 31% over the past 12 months. That easily tops the nearly 21% gain by the S&P 500 during the same time period.
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY
It’s hard to find a better example of cash-rich companies keeping the money to themselves than Google. The company is a pure cash machine, sitting on cash and equivalents of $16. 7 billion, which well exceeds the company’s total debt of $8.3 billion. And that cash pile doesn’t even include the company’s nearly $42 billion in short-term investments, which could presumably be converted into cash in less than a year. And the cash keeps growing. Over the past 12 months, Google generated net income of $13.2 billion. Even so, the company pays a whopping dividend yield of 0%. Shares of the online advertising company are up 36% over the past 12 months, as investors seem willing to go along with a lack of dividend as well as a curious corporate governance situation .
Chart source: MSN Money
It might be tempting to give Facebook a pass on the whole dividend thing. After all, the company was founded just 10 years ago and needs to invest in new products for future growth. But this isn’t some little upstart anymore. The company has cash and equivalents of $4.4 billion, which is well above its minuscule total debt of $324 million. Again, that’s not including the company’s additional pile of $9.5 billion in short-term investments. And the company generated net income over the past 12 months of $2.4 billion. You’d think the investors might “like” to get at least a little piece of that.
Certainly, some of these companies might be indirectly returning money to shareholders in the form of stock buybacks. But those just aren’t the same as cold-hard cash dividends. And there are other business demands that require cash, such as capital spending. But if these companies don’t owe anything to investors, in the form of the dividends, who is the cash for?
Below are the 10 non-financial companies in the S&P 500 that pay no dividends yet were profitable over the past 12 months and have cash and cash equivalents that top total debt by $650 million or more:
Company

Wall Street little changed after weak payrolls reportWall Street ends lower as Apple falls, bond yields rise
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. The Home Depot
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday as Apple  shares declined and as bond yields hit their highest in a month on concerns the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates sooner than some investors had expected.
All 10 S&P 500 sectors ended lower. Apple shares, which jumped as much as 4.8 percent earlier in the session after the company unveiled a smartwatch, ended down 0.4 percent at $97.99. Apple also announced two larger iPhones.
Benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note yields rose to 2.5 percent.
Apart from geopolitical concerns, investors are becoming increasingly worried about the global economy, and especially Europe, weakening again. ( Gail MarksJarvis )
Sectors with high-dividend paying stocks including utilities were among the day's weakest. The utilities sector <.SPLRCU> and telecommunications <.SPLRCL> each fell 1.2 percent.
Improving U.S. economic conditions may force the Federal Reserve "to tighten sooner rather than later," said Doug Cote, chief market strategist with Voya Investment Management in New York.
"Rising rates are an immediate discount for financial assets, including equities," he said.
8
Shares of Home Depot  fell 2.1 percent, a day after the company confirmed its payment security system had been breached.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> declined 97.55 points or 0.57 percent, to 17,013.87, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 13.1 points or 0.65 percent, to 1,988.44 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 40.00 points or 0.87 percent, to 4,552.29.
About 5.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 5.5 billion average for the last five days, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
The Fed supposedly owns 1/4 of ALL stocks. Anybody who still thinks investing in the stock market, and the dollar is getting stronger, is an idiot.
Jackie Puppet
90
In the options market, Apple options volume rose to a record daily volume of 2.97 million contracts traded, according to Henry Schwartz, president of options analytics firm Trade Alert. Contract volume was about three times normal and calls led puts by a ratio of 2.1:1, according to Trade Alert data.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Pulse Electronics , which was rising 53.47 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was Usec , down 18.05 percent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Brazil's Petrobras , down 2.83 percent to $17.83 and Pfizer , down 0.58 percent at $29.23.
Besides Apple, Yahoo , down 2.5 percent at $40.78, and Microsoft , up 0.6 percent to $46.76 were among the most actively traded on Nasdaq.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,338 to 698, for a 3.35-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,046 issues were falling and 637 advancing for a 3.21-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The broad S&P 500 index was posting 17 new 52-week highs and five new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 56 new highs and 58 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; Editing by Nick Zieminski, Chris Reese and Meredith Mazzilli)

RILs GenNext Ventures  Microsoft set up innovation hubsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
RIL’s GenNext Ventures, Microsoft set up innovation hubs
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
GenNext Ventures, the venture investment management arm of Reliance Industries, today signed a pact with Microsoft India to set up GenNext Innovation Hubs to offer resources to technology startups.
The 3-year partnership to set up a pan India initiative to catalyse the country’s technology startup ecosystem was signed today by R A Mashelkar, Chairman, GenNext Ventures and Board Member, RIL, and Bhaskar Pramanik, Chairman, Microsoft India.
“The first hub will start operations in October in Mumbai, and will be subsequently emulated across multiple cities in India,” a company statement said.
The MoU allows GenNext Ventures and Microsoft Ventures to bring together key stakeholders — academia, students, entrepreneurs, investors, and corporates — at the GenNext Innovation Hubs and offer some of the most critical resources that startups need to be successful.
Microsoft Ventures will help GenNext identify, shortlist, on-board promising startups and power the accelerator programme. Microsoft Ventures will also provide these startups access to software and technology advice.
“At the end of the accelerator programme cycle, GenNext will invest strategically and selectively in some of these IT startups,” it said.
Mashelkar said: “Technology startups, which are a key source of innovation in India, are at an inflexion point today. While the numbers have grown exponentially year on year, the industry is at a nascent stage.”
While several initiatives are underway to help startups, what is lacking is a national platform that seamlessly brings together all stakeholders and also provides the resources Indian startups need to be successful, he said.
Pramanik said: “The emerging trends in India’s technology startup space are fascinating—both in numbers and in diversity of ideas. At Microsoft, we have had a long-standing commitment to innovation, not just within but also in the IT ecosystems of markets we operate in. Microsoft Ventures is leading that for us in India”.
“With this partnership, startups in India will have access to GenNext Ventures’ deep industry experience and Microsoft Ventures’ knowledge and IT industry network and strength.”
The GenNext Innovation Hub at Mumbai will provide the opportunity to a select group of entrepreneurs to launch or re-engineer their company through an immersive, four-month long programme.
Startups in the programme will have access to business mentors, technical and design experts and plug-and play office space. They will also have access to mentors who can help them gain valuable market insights for Indian and global markets.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Marginal rise in forex reservesMarginal rise in forex reserves
Our Bureau
Tweet
September 5, 2014:  
The country’s foreign exchange reserves ended marginally higher by $60.5 million ($0.060 billion) to $318.640 billion as on week ended August 29, 2014, RBI data showed in its weekly statement on Friday.
In the previous reporting week, the forex reserves had declined by $810.7 million to $318.579 billion for the week ended August 22.
For the week ended August 29, foreign currency assets (FCAs), a major constituent of overall reserves, grew by $75 million to $291.39 3 billion.
However, special drawing rights declined for the second straight week by $10.5 million to $4.386 billion, and India’s reserve position with the IMF also dropped $4 million to $1.687 billion during the week.
Gold reserves remained unchanged at $21.173 billion.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Australian PM returns 11th century stolen idols toModiPrint
Abbott returned the idols, one of which is a Nataraja --the dancing Shiva-- which belonged to the Chola dynasty of 11th-12th century. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 8:02 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 8:26 pm
On Friday Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott  handed over to his Indian counterpart Narendra Modi two antique statues of Hindu deities which were allegedly stolen from temples in Tamil Nadu before being bought by art galleries in Australia.
During his meeting with Modi, Abbott returned the idols, one of which is a Nataraja –the dancing Shiva– which belonged to the Chola dynasty of 11th-12th century.
The other sculpture is of Ardhanariswara, which represents Shiva in half-female form, and dates back to 10th century.
Both the statues were allegedly stolen from temples in Tamil Nadu and their return was sought by India in March.
Returning the sculptures is a testimony to Australia’s good citizenship on such matters and the importance with which Australia views its relationship with India, Abbott’s office said.
The Nataraja statue, cast in bronze, was purchased by the National Gallery of Australia (NGA) in February 2008 at a price of USD 5.1 million from art and antiquities dealer Subhash Kapoor who was then based in New York.
The Ardhanariswara statue was purchased by the Art Gallery of New South Wales in 2004 for approximately 300,000 Australian dollar (USD 280,979).
In 2012, Kapoor, owner of the “Art of the Past” gallery in New York, was arrested in Germany and subsequently extradited to India. He is accused of conspiracy to commit burglary and smuggling from Tamil Nadu antique idols of Hindu deities belonging to Chola dynasty.
The case is currently at the prosecution stage in Tamil Nadu and Australian authorities have been assisting in conducting investigation in the case in Australia.
In March, the Ministy of External Affairs had through India’s High Commission in Canberra made a formal proposal to the Australian Department of Attorney General by forwarding the request of the Tamil Nadu police for the return of the two idols.

New fitness tracker in town and its not a watch; MeetmymoTupelo mymo offers 6 months of battery life and rewards users talk time, groceries, airline miles and international vacation on completion of their fitness goals.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 8:00 pm
Dubai-based Tupelo has launched its mymo fitness tracker in India. While the market is mostly offering fitness trackers in the form of smartwatches or wrist bands, Tupelo’s mymo is a coin-sized device that can be clipped on to your shirt, trouser pockets or belt. The device works even if its kept inside  pockets. “We purposely made mymo as a clip-on device so that it is clipped to the core of the body and not hands. In doing so, the accuracy of the device is greatly increased,” said Martyn Molnar CEO, Tupelo.
Tupelo’s mymo tracks user’s steps, distance and calories wirelessly and can record data for up to 35 days within which users will have to sync with the TupeloLife iOS or Android app to save the data.
“Our initial research showed an 85 per cent dropout rate in the the first few weeks of buying a wearable device. So, we wanted to make users engaged with mymo through the rewards program. Also, one of the main reasons of not making mymo a smartwatch or wrist band is to ensure that the device doesn’t become a style statement for users. Smartwatches and wrist bands tend to get old fashioned very early from the user’s point of view,” said Molnar.
Tupelo’s mymo is powered by ordinary watch batteries and claims to provide six months of battery life. The device has no display and users will have to shake the mymo to sync. The mymo comes with three LED indicators which alert users about battery life.
The interesting aspect of the mymo is that Tupelo is offering a reward package in which which users can convert them to practical rewards like talk time, groceries, airline miles and international vacation. Users get rewarded when they complete their fitness goals and stays active.
Also, the first 1000 customers to buy a mymo will automatically be entered into a program, in which, their daily activity can earn them a full gram of Swiss gold. In order to be eligible for the program, users need to sign up their mymo device and then meet the daily steps goal on their mymo for 60 consecutive days. Goals start at 3000 steps a day then adapt to users lifestyle to build customs goals for each user.
Currently, mymo is offering a 12-month subscription package at Rs. 3,999 which includes the mymo device, TupeloLife app and rewards. Later, the company will introduce a premium subscription of Rs. 9,999 which will give users access to MobileDoctors and MyCoach to provide 24/7 fitness related consultation.
The device comes in Bluetooth and ANT connectivity versions. So, even if users do not have a smartphone they can connect the mymo to their desktops or laptops through the ANT dongle which will be provided. However, the ANT version is currently not available.
The mymo is available at Amazon.in. The company plans to launch more cloud-based socially integrated fitness devices in the coming days which includes mybalance, mybeat, Home Health Gateway, myglu and myBP.

Cong attacks Jung s move to ask BJP to form govt in DelhiSep 05, 2014, 07.46 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Cong attacks Jung's move to ask BJP to form govt in Delhi
Jung had sent a report to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to call BJP, the single largest party, to take a shot at power though it is well short of a majority in the Assembly.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cong attacks Jung's move to ask BJP to form govt in Delhi
Jung had sent a report to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to call BJP, the single largest party, to take a shot at power though it is well short of a majority in the Assembly.
Post your opinion here
 
In a hard hitting attack on Lt Governor Najeeb Jung, Delhi Congress questioned his move to invite BJP to form government in the city, accusing him of acting at the behest of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and a section of BJP leaders.
Reacting sharply to Lt Governor's move, Chief spokesperson of Delhi Congress Mukesh Sharma wondered why this initiative is being taken when BJP had already refused such an offer after the assembly polls citing lack of numbers.
He also accused the Home Minister of trying to turn Lt Governor's secretariat into a BJP office saying leaders from the party was openly influencing decisions of Jung and the Delhi government.
"Lt Governor Najeeb Jung has been taking dictations from the Home Minister which is an insult to the Constitution and people of Delhi. We want to know what prompted LG's move to invite BJP to form government when the party after the assembly polls had turned down such an offer," Sharma said.
He also asked BJP to clarify its stand on the issue as the party had stated very clearly after assembly polls that it will not adopt any "unfair means" to form a government in the city.
"The BJP was invited to form government by LG after the assembly polls. But it had turned down the offer. Why has the party now shown interest in taking over the reins? We want to know how it will manage the numbers," he asked.
Jung had sent a report to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to call BJP, the single largest party, to take a shot at power though it is well short of a majority in the Assembly.
In his report, Jung gave a detailed analysis of the political situation in the city and underlined the need to have an elected government in the city which is under President's rule since February 17 following resignation of the Aam Aadmi Party government which was in power for 49 days.
The Lt Governor said though no party has staked claim to form government in Delhi, the BJP could be invited to take over the reins as it is the single largest party in the House.
Jung observed that all options for putting in place an elected government should be explored before contemplating holding of fresh polls.

Microsoft launches Nokia X2 in India  prices it at Rs 8 699Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Modis Teachers Day speech: Flood plays spoil sport for students in BadalsconstituencyPrint
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Muktsar/ Mansa | Posted: September 5, 2014 8:08 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 8:32 pm
With heavy rainfall in the region for the last 20 hours, more than 80 government as well as private schools in Malaut block — falling in Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal’s constituency Lambi — stayed away from Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s speech.
Most of the schools were flooded with 2-3 feet deep water inside their buildings. Also, the students travel 3-5 kms to reach the schools and hence they preferred to stay back due to the heavy rain.
This block was the same which was the worst affected even last year during heavy rains, as a large number of villages had been flooded due to waterlogging. A few of the villages included Ranniwala, Middha, Mohlan, Pakkitibbi and many others. The schools were a mix of primary, middle and high schools. The school heads had been given the charge to decide whether organising a programme was possible or not as per the weather condition.
Apart from this, situation was the same in border areas of Fazilka and Ferozepur where a number of schools could not organise the programme because of no attendance, while in majority attendance was bare minimum. In about 20 schools in Fazilka, there was no power supply and hence radio was the only option and students in Kabul Shah Khubban village and Oddian in Fazilka revealed that the network was so poor that most of the students could not understand anything.
In Mansa, about 15 villages were struggling to drain out water out of the villages as well as the fields and hence listening to the PM speech was the last thing on their minds. Jherrianwali village in Mansa, which is submerged in knee-deep water due to overflowing of Uddag and Musa canal branches, has been powerless for the last five days. As a result, the government high school in this village remained closed since Monday.
Today the school reopened and water could be seen only in the playground, but there was only a thin attendance of students. Moreover, in the absence of power and Internet facility, a battery operated radio was the only option for the students to listen to the live telecast of Modi.
Badal Singh, sarpanch of the village, said: “Our villagers are busy saving lives and stock from the floods. In the present condition, it was not possible for the children to go to school, majority stayed back home. A number of kutcha houses have fallen in our village, while cracks have appeared in pucca houses. Cracks have appeared in the school building also and the parents fear it is not safe for their children to attend school.”
Similar was the situation in Government Primary School Raipur located nearby, where only 80 students, out of nearly 247, turned up. Staff of four teachers switched on the radio set for these students in one room. Two rooms of this school have also been damaged because of rain. In all the schools located in the outskirts of the villages, no programme was organised as students did not turn up. They have to come continued…

India to fast track mining lease applicatio...(Australian companies have…)
NEW DELHI: Wooing investments, India today promised fast track clearances to mining lease applications of Australian companies.
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said that eight applications of Australian companies are pending in the country.
Australian companies have applied for mining leases in the country and eight such applications are pending at different stages with the Ministry of Mines as well as the government of Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh , Madhya Pradesh and Orissa, she said.
"We are going to follow them up. We will follow it up in such a way that they clear without much of a hindrance because the government believes in ease of doing business and we do not want any thing that brings in rough edges...," the minister added.
She was addressing industry leaders from India and Australia during a luncheon meeting organised by industry chambers including CII and Ficci. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott was present at the meeting.
Seeking investments, Sitharaman said that in the last 14 years, India has received only USD 600 million foreign direct investment (FDI) from Australia.
On the other hand, India has invested over USD 1 billion in last decade.
"I am very proud to say this. India's FDI in Australia in the last 10 years is little over USD 1 billion. Our entrepreneurs have shown excellent risk taking...," she said.
Australian companies have primarily invested in India in sectors such as services, metallurgy, telecommunication and automobile industries.
"We solicit Australian companies investments in DMIC, aviation, metallurgy. These are areas where we want to see interest of Australian companies. Marine, fisheries, agro and food processing, energy, tourism and tourism related infrastructure are other important sectors where Australian firms can invest.
"Australia has a lot of scope for Indian business and even more for Australians to invest in India because you are looking at a market which is yet to fully bloom...Please open up on investments. You will not find India less of a potential market where investments will be better rewarded," Sitharaman said.
Speaking at the occasion, Assocham President Rana Kapoor said that the bilateral trade between India and Australia is low and both the sides should work to enhance this.
He said that the proposed free trade agreement between the countries would help in pushing trade and investments.
Ficci President Sidharth Birla too said that huge opportunities exists in India for Australian businesses.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba a big deal  but its no AppleAlibaba a sure loser in one IPO competition
By: David Craig September 5, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The buzz is building about the upcoming IPO of Alibaba, and the next week or two might finally show if the intense anticipation is warranted.
The much-hyped initial public offering of Chinese e-commerce behemoth Alibaba now is expected to take place as early as next week, though the following week also is a possibility.
Unless you live under a rock, you’ve heard that Alibaba is literally a very big deal. It will be the biggest U.S. IPO if it raises $20 billion as estimated. That easily tops Visa’s $17.9 billion IPO back in March of 2008, says Renaissance Capital. And for comparison with another high-profile IPO, Facebook’s botched offering in May 2012 raised $16 billion.
While Alibaba will be one for the record books in terms of size, it will likely never match the U.S. IPO of another Chinese company in one way: stock performance.
The best first-day IPO gain since the technology bubble burst in 2001 was Chinese web search engine Baidu.com.
Baidu went public back in August of 2005 and exploded out of the starting block, soaring 354% its first day of trading. And it has gone on to gain another 1,600%-plus since.
Best opening IPO gains since 2001
Stock

Trimurthi Drugs Pharmaceuticals  AGM on Sep 29  2014Trimurthi Drugs Pharmaceuticals  AGM on Sep 29  2014
Celkon launches phone care brandCelkon launches phone care brand
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 6:  
After emerging as one of the top domestic handset players in the country, Celkon Mobiles now has set its eyes on the exclusive service space.
“We have been offering service through franchise service centres. But then those franchises are also taking care of mobile service to some other players as well. We have decided to establish a chain of exclusive service stores in major cities in the South,” Y Guru, Chairman and Managing Director of the Hyderabad-based mobile player Celkon Mobiles, told Business Line.
The company, which opened its first in the series of stores here, will call the stores Celkon Care. “Besides offering service to our line of phones, we will provide value-added services such as selling anti-virus solutions and phone accessories,” he said.
These stores would also allow the Celkon users to swap their old phones with newer models. They will also get a chance to see the new line up of phones from the company.
“We are going to open seven centres in the next two weeks in Hyderabad. After setting up centres in 23 district headquarters in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, we will expand to Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala in the next two months,” he said.
Karnataka will have 15 stores, followed by Tamil Nadu with 10 and Kerala with four. The exclusive stores would also be owned and run by franchises with each of them having a Celkon staffer.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Tarun Gogoi transfers Darrang SP over lawyer s murderPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 5, 2014 8:28 pm
Eight days after a leading lawyer in Mangaldoi, northern Assam was brutally murdered, the state government on Friday transferred the Superintendent of Police (SP) on charges of “gross negligence and indifferent attitude”.
An official statement issued by the state government said Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi himself gave orders for transfer of Darrang SP GV Siva Prasad and placing Sashi Kanta Das, Officer-in-charge (OC) of Mangaldai police station, under suspension after the murder of leading advocate and businessman Binoy Kumar Ghosh.
While Ghosh (84) was murdered by a group of dacoits inside his residence in Mangaldoi town on August 29, the chief minister’s orders said action was taken against the two officers owing to the gross negligence and indifferent attitude of the concerned police officials.
The residence of Ghosh is just about 100 metres from the Mangaldoi police station. Reports said a gang of dacoits numbering close to 20 broke into the lawyer’s house, gagged him, and looted cash, ornaments and other valuables.
While Ghosh initially pleaded to be spared of his life, a commotion with one of the dacoits ultimately led to him being stabbed to death, local media reports quoting his wife had said.
Police have so far arrested only one of the suspects.

India should source more minerals from Aust...Assocham
(India must use its strategic…)
NEW DELHI: With coal shortage affecting power generation, India must use its strategic relationship with Australia and ongoing visit of Prime Minister Tony Abbott to source more dry fuel as the Modi government focuses on manufacturing to revitalise the economy, Assocham today said.
"The visit by the Prime Minister Abbott has given impetus to mutual goodwill. We must use this goodwill to tap more minerals, including coal from Australia, rich in natural resources, to fuel our economic growth," Assocham President Rana Kapoor said.
Kapoor also suggested areas where the two countries can step up cooperation to leverage each other's expertise and take bilateral ties to the next level. These include sectors like solar energy , mining, agriculture, sports, tourism, science, innovation and technology.
In sync with its growing economy and increasing energy requirements, India has emerged a big importer of coal. The country's coal imports increased by 17.9 per cent to 171 million tonnes (MT) in 2013-14 from 145 million tonnes in 2012-13, the industry chamber said.
In a bid to prevent any shutdown of power plants, coal major CIL has asked its arms to rush additional stocks to feed the power utilities reeling under acute fuel crunch.
The development is part of emergency measures taken by the Maharatna firm to avoid shutdown of nearly one-third of the thermal power plants that have coal stocks of less than four days.
As per Central Electricity Authority , 29 out of 100 thermal power plants across the country as on September 1 have been left with super critical stock of less than four days.
"While Coal India can be asked to step up its production, the growing needs make it imperative to go in for more imports... What better source than Australia whose top leadership is engaged with strategic relationship with India," Kapoor said.
Coal India produced just 34.54 million tonnes of coal in August, missing the target for the fourth consecutive month, even as acute fuel shortages continue to hit power generation.
Australia is blessed with rich mineral resources which rake in over USD 150 billion to its exports. Its mineral wealth includes iron ore, coal, gold, copper, alumina/aluminum and nickel.
FEATURED ARTICLES

President Obama Delivers Remarks at NATO Summit in WalesSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Tornadoes Possible as Storms Target Midwest
EXPLORE.org: Bird Cams - Osprey
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Watch live as hospital officials discuss the third American who contracted Ebolawatch live as hospital officials discuss the third american who contracted ebola
PM Modi meets Australian counterpart Tony AbbottPM Modi meets Australian counterpart Tony Abbott
Expedite seat sharing formula  Athawale tells Shiv Sena-BJPExpedite seat sharing formula  Athawale tells Shiv Sena-BJP
Ukraine signs cease-fire with pro-Russian rebelsUkraine signs cease-fire with pro-Russian rebels
AirAsia launches flights to Chandigarh  Jaipur from BangaloreAirAsia launches flights to Chandigarh  Jaipur from Bangalore
Al Qaeda chief Zawahiri announces India wing  IB to verify authenticity of tapeAl Qaeda chief Zawahiri announces India wing, IB to verify authenticity of tape
Reuters  Dubai, September 04, 2014
First Published: 10:29 IST(4/9/2014) | Last Updated: 11:59 IST(5/9/2014)
Comments
The Home Ministry on Thursday asked the Intelligence Bureau to verify the authenticity of an al Qaeda video that threatened to take the terror outfit's campaign to India.
This came a day after al Qaeda leader Ayman al Zawahiri announced the formation of an Indian branch of his militant group he said would spread Islamic rule and "raise the flag of jihad" across the subcontinent.
In a 55-minute video posted online, Zawahiri also renewed a longstanding vow of loyalty to Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Omar, in an apparent snub to the Islamic State armed group challenging al Qaeda for leadership of transnational Islamist militancy.
Video: Al Qaida chief Zawahiri announces expansion to India
Zawahiri described the formation of "Al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent" as a glad tidings for Muslims "in Burma, Bangladesh, Assam, Gujarat, Ahmedabad, and Kashmir" and said the new wing would rescue Muslims there from injustice and oppression.
Counter-terrorism experts say al Qaeda's ageing leaders are struggling to compete for recruits with Islamic State, which has galvanised young followers around the world by carving out tracts of territory across the Iraq-Syria border.
Islamic State leader Abu Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi calls himself a "caliph" or head of state and has demanded the loyalty of all Muslims.
The group fell out with Zawahiri in 2013 over its expansion into Syria, where Baghdadi's followers have carried out beheadings, crucifixions, and mass executions.
As well being an indirect repudiation of Islamic State, the announcement could pose a challenge to India's new prime minister, Narendra Modi. He has already faced criticism for remaining silent about several incidents deemed anti-Muslim, underscoring fears that his Hindu nationalist followers will upset religious relations in the majority Hindi nation.
However, while al Qaeda is very much at home in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border area, due to influential contacts and a long presence there, it is a minnow compared to local militant groups in terms of manpower and regional knowledge.
Safe haven
Over the years Zawahiri and his predecessor Osama bin Laden, killed by U.S. forces in 2011, repeatedly pledged allegiance to Mullah Omar, in return for the safe haven he granted their followers in Afghanistan.
The statement did not mention Islamic State or Baghdadi, but it appear to take a subtle dig at the group's efforts at administering areas it has seized in Iraq and Syria.
Islamic State's effort at state-building is something never attempted by al Qaeda's central leaders, who traditionally have preferred to plot complex attacks on targets in the West.
Zawahiri called for unity among militants and criticised "discord" - echoing a common al Qaeda complaint against Islamic State's record of clashing with rival Islamist groups in Syria.
The statement also warned al Qaeda's new wing against oppressing local populations - another complaint levelled against Islamic State by critics in Iraq and Syria.
"If you said that you are doing jihad to defend the sanctities of the Muslims, then you must not transgress against them or their money or honour, and not even transgress your mujahideen brothers by word and action," he said.
"Discord is a curse and torment, and disgrace for the believers and glory for the disbelievers," he said. "If you say that by your jihad you do not want but the pleasure of Allah, then you must not race for governance and leadership at the first opportunity."
Muslims account for 15 percent of Indians but, numbering an estimated 175 million, theirs is the third-largest Muslim population in the world.
Centuries of rule by medieval Muslim invaders drove a wedge between Hindus and Muslims. Tensions have grown since Pakistan was carved from Muslim-majority areas of India in 1947, a violent partition in which hundreds of thousands were killed. In the era of Washington's "war on terror", some Indian Muslims have begun to sympathise more with hardline pan-Islamic groups and causes.

Expect equity loan rate to be higher than typical mortgage rate0
Even assuming that one of you has an 850 credit score, it doesn't make up for the fact that the 735 credit score isn't in the top tier. Top-tier credit scores these days are either above 740 or 780, depending on which lender you're talking to. Looking at a site like BankRate.com, which lists home equity loans and lines of credit offerings from hundreds of banks around the country, it's easy to see that for some programs, having a FICO score above 700 will get you the best rate, but for others you'll take a hit on the interest rate unless you're above a 740.
It's possible that your credit scores are Vantage scores, which use a different scoring model than FICO, or some sort of score that's been offered by a credit reporting agency or some other sort of company. You need to know precisely which score you've used to understand how it will factor into the home equity quotes you've received.
Another key factor is how much equity you have in your home. Many lenders will only do a home equity line of credit or home equity loan up to 80 percent of the equity in the property. So, if your primary loan is a 90 percent mortgage, you won't even qualify, unless it's at a higher interest rate.
Typically, lenders will want to see you with a primary loan of around 70 percent or less, and then you can get another 10 percent home equity loan or line of credit.
Finally, you won't get the same low interest rate on a home equity loan or line of credit as you will on a primary mortgage. You'll pay something higher than that, which is why the rate you were quoted sounds high but may not be that far off the mark. These types of loans are typically based on the prime interest rate plus or minus a certain "margin." If you start shopping around, you'll see that in some cases, the lender's margin is 1.5 percent, or higher.
To recap, you won't know exactly what kind of interest rate you can get until you know how much equity you have in your home and you fully understand your credit scores. That's the best place to start. Then, shop around with a variety of lenders until you find the best deal.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Feds want more info on Zillow-Trulia dealZillow Inc. announced plans Monday to acquire Trulia Inc. in a $3.5 billion stock deal that will combine two behemoths in the online home purchase and rental search business. ( Mary Ellen Podmolik )
Announced July 28, the $3.5 billion stock deal would bring together two heavy-hitters in the online home purchase and rental search business. Combined, their unduplicated audience totaled more than 68 million unique U.S. visitors in June, accounting for almost three-quarters of traffic to real estate sites that month.
 The companies said while the FTC request will delay the timeline originally anticipated, they both expect it to close next year. The transaction also requires the approval of both companies' boards and other conditions.

Chicago-area foreclosures drop 38% in first half of 20140
That decline in activity has been accompanied by more good news- the median sales prices of distressed homes, those that were either short sales or bank-owned homes, rose 39 percent in July from a year ago, according to Midwest Real Estate Data LLC, the local multiple listing provider. However, the median sales price of nondistressed homes fell 15 percent from a year ago.
Likewise, the city's Uptown neighborhood saw only 42 properties change hands in a court-supervised foreclosure auction, 48 percent fewer than 2013's first half. While the median price of distressed properties sold in July rose 17 percent from 12 months earlier, traditional home sellers only saw a median sales price increase of only 4 percent.
Eventually, the combination of a decrease in auction activity and rising distressed property values will benefit the nondistressed home sellers. "It's hard to get properties to appraise for a mortgage that would justify a market price," Cowan said. "As the lender-mediated properties draw better prices, you'll see better comparables. That will take some time to work in."
All six counties saw foreclosure filing activity drop by more than 30 percent, compared with 2013's first half. And that pattern largely held for auction activity, albeit at less impressive declines.The notable outlier was Will County, where first-half filings fell but first-half auctions rose 36 percent from a year ago.
In July, the median sales price of a distressed home in Will County fell 0.3 percent and the median price of a nondistressed home fell almost 4 percent, according to MRED data. By comparison, distressed median home prices in the five other Chicago-area counties posted year-over-year gains that ranged from 5.6 percent in Lake County to 16.2 percent in Kane County. Median prices of traditionally sold homes in those counties posted smaller decreases or were largely flat.
The south and southwest suburbs were harder hit by housing's downfall, but Cowan said he believe there may be societal shifts underway, too.
"It may be people who want urban amenities, who are not as wedded to that post-war suburban home with a white picket fence and a yard or they want to live in smaller spaces with more public amenities," he said. "There is a revival of urbanism. It was 'drive until you qualify.' If you kept going far enough out, the land costs got so low that you could qualify for a mortgage."

De-allocation of coal mines will jeopardise investments: Jindalcoal
Jindal Steel and Power Chairman Naveen Jindal, on Thursday, came out publicly against blanket cancellation of coal mines allocation by claiming that Rs.4-lakh crore worth of investment would be in jeopardy.
“The total investment to develop these blocks is around Rs.4-lakh crore out of which Rs.2.5-lakh crore is bank loan. If we term the government’s coal allocation policy as faulty and illegal, then the effort put in by the investors to revive the discarded mines of Coal India would be in jeopardy,” he said at a conference on Mining and Metal.
Mr. Jindal was reacting to the August 25 Supreme Court order that held that the allocation of 218 blocks in the pre-auction phase was done via an ad-hoc and casual approach ‘without application of mind’.
Pointing out that his company was doing mining of coal in Australia, Indonesia, Mozambique and South Africa, Mr. Jindal said that these countries gave coal blocks on lease and companies gave royalty to the government.
The Indian government, he feels, charges the maximum royalty on coal and iron ore in the world.

Cracking the Admissions Code of Elite CollegesCracking the Admissions Code of Elite Colleges
Cracking the Admissions Code of Elite Colleges
Sept. 4 (Bloomberg) -- Advantage Testing Founder Arun Alagappan discusses college admissions criteria and the test prep industry. He speaks on Bloomberg Television's ¿Bloomberg Surveillance.¿ (Source: Bloomberg)
Sept. 4 (Bloomberg) -- Advantage Testing Founder Arun Alagappan discusses college admissions criteria and the test prep industry. He speaks on Bloomberg Television's ¿Bloomberg Surveillance.¿ (Source: Bloomberg)

Now  a printer that lets your search and print from the netThe MultiXpress series also has NFC to certify the user and also provide the ability for devices to interact with the printer.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Berlin | Posted: September 4, 2014 9:59 pm
Samsung on Thursday introduced a new printer series which will tap on to the power of Android to help users access the web, search for pages and print them directly from the printer itself.
The Samsung MultiXpress will also come with powerful dual scan lenses that increase the scanning speed dramatically — up to 120 A4 images every minute. It is powered by a 1GHz dual core CPU to achieve these speeds. Samsung’s RECP technology will also improve the quality of prints.
The MultiXpress series also has NFC to certify the user and also provide the ability for devices to interact with the printer.
However, the best part of the printer has to be the 10.1 inch screen yoked to it. This Android powered tablet can let you access apps and print directly from them. The Android-based Smart UI centre will make it easy for anyone to operate the device without any learning involved.
The product will become available in India first and will come to India mid-October. In Europe, it will be priced between Euro 3000 and 6000 based on features.

Kashmir hit by worst flood in 22 yearsTweet
An eldery person carrying his patient daughter away after the flood water entered Bone and Joint Hospital at Barzulla in Srinagar. (PTI Photo)
A Kashmiri girl boards a boat from the window of her home as she leaves her flooded neighborhood in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
A view of a flooded house in Srinagar.(Waseem Andrabi/HT Photo)
A Kashmiri boy rows a boat in the front lawns of a submerged house in a flooded area during incessant rains in Srinagar. (Reuters Photo)
Children ride a horse cart on the banks of the river Tawi as it rains in Jammu. (Reuters Photo)
The flood water inundates Hanuman Mandir at Amira after incessant rains in Srinagar. (PTI Photo)
Kashmiri residents carrying a goat wade through floodwaters in Srinagar.(AP Photo)
Advertisement

EU sanctions to target Russian oil groupsLast updated: September 4, 2014 6:09 pm
EU plans to target Russian oil groups with new sanctions
By Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/307bdcde-3442-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tribune Media preparing to list on major stock exchangeTribune Media preparing to list on major stock exchange
Tribune Tower
Tribune Media headquarters on Michigan Avenue in Chicago.
Tribune Media headquarters on Michigan Avenue in Chicago. (Tribune photo)
Tribune Media Peter Liguori Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
Tribune Media is in the process of completing and filing documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission in preparation for listing its stock on a major exchange.
Speaking at an investor conference Thursday in New York, Tribune Media CEO Peter Liguori said listing the Chicago-based company’s stock on a major exchange will come “sooner than later.”

The New Books to Read This Fallreddit
My favorite part of being an author is writing. A close second is finding new books in my mailbox. This fall, there's an unusually exciting crop of big idea and business books about human behavior, innovation and entrepreneurship, and the fundamental questions of success, meaning, and happiness in work and life. Here are the 14 forthcoming and just-released books to check out:
1. Me, Myself, and Us by Brian Little (October 14)
I've never read a book that revealed so much about my own personality, let alone the peculiar habits of my friends, coworkers, and family members. With extraordinary wit and wisdom, Little-- the winner of Canada's highest award for university teaching and one of Harvard's favorite professors--offers startling insights about our trivial pursuits and magnificent obsessions.
2. Rookie Smarts by Liz Wiseman (October 14)
If you believe in the value of experience, prepare to have your worldview turned upside-down. Wiseman masterfully shows why novices can outdo veterans, expertise blinds us to fresh ideas, and we're all missing out on the brilliance of the newbies around us.
3. The Innovators by Walter Isaacson (October 7)
The author who brought us the epic biographies of Steve Jobs, Albert Einstein, and Benjamin Franklin is back. It's the saga of Silicon Valley as we've never seen it before: a behind-the-scenes journey with the pioneers who invented the computer, the Internet, and the digital revolution.
4. Crazy is a Compliment by Linda Rottenberg(October 7)
Rottenberg offers a treasure trove of ideas to jumpstart new entrepreneurs and accelerate the success of startups. She has guided many of the world's greatest entrepreneurs, and this book is full of tips for fueling innovation in companies, nonprofits, governments, and schools.
5. The Upside of Your Dark Side by Todd Kashdan and Robert Biswas-Diener (September 25)
At long last, here's a book on why happiness can make us sad, mindfulness might be overrated, and discomfort sets the stage for comfort. This pair of psychologists offers a provocative, evidence-based case for a balanced life. If you don't read it, you should feel guilty--and it turns out that will be good for you.
6. A Path Appears by Nicholas Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn (September 23)
In their fourth book together, this Pulitzer Prize-winning married couple examines how regular people make a difference. From preventing disease and fixing education, to evaluating global aid and local charity, to fighting violence, the combination of inspiring examples, cutting-edge science, and practical recommendations is going to change how we think about changing the world.
7. How Google Works by Eric Schmidt and Jonathan Rosenberg (September 23)
How did Google grow from a disruptive search engine into the world's most valuable company? Two leaders share lessons from the inside out on strategy, decision-making, innovation, and culture.
8. Zero to One by Peter Thiel (September 16)
Thiel argues that the secret to progress is not competition, but monopoly. Drawing on his experience as cofounder of PayPal and Palantir, and an early investor in companies like Facebook, LinkedIn, and Yelp, he offers fascinating ideas about how to shift from copying something old to creating something new.
9. Hello, My Name is Awesome by Alexandra Watkins (September 15)
How do you find the right name for your brand or your company? This is what Watkins does for a living--her company is responsible for renaming a wedding brunch service Bloody Married and a frozen yogurt franchise Spoon Me--and her clever examples and advice will spare us all from putting the wrong foot forward.
10. The Small Big by Robert Cialdini, Noah Goldstein, and Steve Martin (September 9)
If you've ever struggled to change the beliefs or behaviors of other people, there's hope. The world's leading experts on persuasion offer the best of science and practical insights about influence.
11. Smartcuts by Shane Snow (September 9)
This book solves a major mystery, illuminating how visionaries and pioneers find faster ways to achieve their goals. With spellbinding stories and relevant research, Snow has delivered one of the most entertaining and thought-provoking books of the year.
12. Excellent Sheep by William Deresiewicz (August 19)
According to this former Yale professor, elite colleges aren't teaching students how to think. Deresiewicz proposes to reinvent higher education so that students develop strong values and find meaningful definitions of success.
13. Powers of Two by Joshua Wolf Shenk (August 5)
We think bold new ideas come from individuals and teams, but the heart of creativity lies in dynamic duos. Shenk examines the chemistry behind the imaginative pairs who spawned the Beatles, Apple, South Park, and the civil rights movement. Learn about the surprising benefits of conflict and power imbalances--and how to find the right partner and build trust.
14. Building a Better Teacher by Elizabeth Green (August 4)
Great education is the foundation of a flourishing society, and it depends on great teachers. Green, a leading education journalist, offers strong evidence and compelling cases to illuminate what it takes to get children to pay attention, sharpen their reasoning, and contribute to insightful discussions.
And if you're still searching for more, here are the other new releases that I'm looking forward to reading:
• How to Kill a Unicorn by Mark Payne (October 7)
• Being Mortal by Atul Gawande (October 7)
• This Changes Everything by Naomi Klein (September 16)
• Innovating Women by Vivek Wadhwa and Farai Chideya (September 9)
• Dataclysm by Christian Rudder (September 9)
• Mind Gym by Sebastian Bailey and Octavius Black (September 9)
• The Impulse Society by Paul Roberts (September 2)
Follow Adam Grant on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@AdamMGrant
More:

UK M&A completions still historically lowSeptember 2, 2014 10:44 pm
M&A transactions involving UK companies remain historically low
By Harriet Agnew
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/abd90106-32b0-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Strong demand sends jet fuel soaringLast updated: September 2, 2014 7:11 pm
Strong demand sends jet fuel soaring
By Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cf164fa8-32b9-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coal shortage: Window dressing statistics for a crisisNitin Sethi |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 08:50 AM IST
Coal shortage: Window dressing statistics for a crisis
Is there a coal crunch in the country since the beginning of this month? Yes. But only because the country produced an expected 22% more energy from the coal-based thermal power plants this August as compared to the same month previous year. This made the requirement for daily stock of coal at the thermal power plants shoot up by almost a quarter in August on a year to year basis
Is there a coal crunch in the country since the beginning of this month? Yes. But only because the country produced an unexpected 22% more energy from the coal-based thermal power plants this August as compared to the same month previous year. This made the requirement for daily stock of coal at the thermal power plants shoot up by almost a quarter in August on a year to year basis.
So, even when Coal India Limited was producing and supplying 5% more coal for August than planned, the CEA data suggested that there was a huge shortage of coal and 56 plants were facing a critical crunch with coal stocks less than seven days worth.
With the Supreme Court case on coal blocks looming large , the CEA data on coal stocks - that it has released for years now on daily, weekly and monthly basis - has suddenly picked up a political tenor. But look behind the political spin on the numbers and it' s easy to see, the purported shortage of coal is a result of every other factor but slow production of coal.
Last year in August the coal-based power plants produced 50,842 Gigawatt hour of energy. This year that went up to 62,310 gigawatt. This was partly to do with 5% better plant load factor -  the efficiency at which the power plants work - and partly to do with 6,000 MW of additional power capacity operating in August this year compared to last year.
ALSO READ:  Not accountable for low stocks at power plants: CIL
But what went up alongside - quite naturally - was the daily stock requirements of these thermal power plants as they kept pumping out more power than earlier planned. So take the northern region where the daily requirement of stocks was 352,700 tonnes per day in August last year, it had been upped to 447,000 tonnes per day in August this year - an increase of 28%. For the nation-wide 100 odd power plants the CEA keeps tabs on, the benchmark for daily requirement of coal was increased from 1.27 million tonnes to 1.54 million tonnes.  Now, even when CIL met 96% of its August 2014 target and improved by over 5% in the same period last year, it was bound to fall below the current requirement. To only talk about the shortage of coal without explaining the background is therefore plain jugglery.
The last time there was a similar hullabaloo over looming power crisis, a letter from NTPC talking of a major shortage of coal at its six power plants during mid-July was shared with media.  The numbers were prepared by the night shift in-charge of the plants and passed on by NTPC to the power ministry. It was such a shoddy job that even simple calculations of addition and subtraction had been botched up in the excitement of building a crisis. Again, a detailed analysis showed that actually Coal India Limited had provided substantially more than 100% of the annual contracted quantity to NTPC's three major power plants.
Out of these power plants at Singrauli, Vidhayanchal and Rihand, only the first two had produced 2% more energy than previous year for the same period and Rihand saw a drop of 2% power generation. But CIL's supply to NTPC for these plants for the same period had gone up by 5% over the previous year. There were other logistical issues of the off-take of coal from CIL by the power plants being slower than planned though. 
The current episode reminds one of the earlier UPA regime's attempt to fool the Supreme Court in the coal scam case. It brought out a huge docket showing how Rs 2.86 lakh crore worth of investments were dependent on the coal blocks under scrutiny. Only when prodded deeper it soon came out that much of these were investments made  years (in some cases decades) before the coal blocks were allocated and were of industries that had existing coal linkages and other sources of coal. The government hastily withdrew the data from the court though it played in the media for a while - almost to plan, one would think.
The present crisis of coal stocks is clearly about bad management of resources in a low monsoon year not about lack of them. Now that the Supreme Court's order is out, the coal sector in India needs to restart with a clean slate not by sleight of numbers or deft massaging of statistics.
 Advertisements

When Modi borrowed Nachiket Mor s YojanaManojit Saha |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 10:12 AM IST
When Modi borrowed Nachiket Mor's Yojana
The Mor panel report envisages each Indian above the age of 18 years having a full-service, safe and secure electronic bank account by January 2016
When Nachiket Mor – a board member of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) – released his report on comprehensive financial services for small businesses and low income households in January – it was greeted with scepticism. 
 
The former deputy managing director of ICICI Bank is known for his radical ideas but often criticised for being high on theory and low on practical value.The committee headed by Mor created to draw the blueprint to foster financial inclusion faced criticism not only from several experts but also from the government. 
 
The Mor panel envisages each Indian above the age of 18 years having a full-service, safe and secure electronic bank account by January 2016. This timeline of the proposal was however disputed and termed as ‘pressing ’by two committee members of the panel headed by Mor.
 
The panel report had a dissent note from the two committee members- Shikha Sharma, CEO & MD of Axis Bank and SS Mundra, CMD of Bank of Baroda and now deputy governor of RBI- with their comment saying, "Looking at the enormity of the task, more particularly in low density rural areas, and the need of supporting physical as well as virtual infrastructure vis-à-vis their present state, the timeline looks pressing". They suggested January 2018 as a more "realistic and implementable" target date. 
 
ALSO READ:  Jan Dhan Yojana gets off to strong start, beats targets on Day 1
 
He launched Jan Dhan Yojana on 28 August amid much fanfare. The Yojana entails opening bank accounts for 75 million families by January 26, celebrated annually as Republic Day, next year. Modi has sweetened the offer with other benefits like debit card and insurance cover for those opening bank accounts before January 26, 2015. The government claimed 15 million accounts and a similar number of accident insurance policies in a single day. 
 
However, it is not the first time that politicians have piggybacked on RBI’s financial inclusion drive. 
ALSO READ:  Jan Dhan Yojana: Many questions remain
 
The central bank started its financial drive through the banking sector in 2009 and the lenders were given a target to open branches in unbanked rural areas (with a population of less than 2000) during the first phase between 2010 and 2013. About 7,400 rural branches were opened during this period. The second phase is between 2013 to 2016 in which banks have been asked to be present in all the unbanked locations of the country. 
 
Finance Ministers of the previous UPA government have also ensured they have a say on financial inclusion. Calling in public sector bankers to review the progress was a routine effort. Financial inclusion was always on the agenda in the quarterly performance review of government banks.
 

Owning gilts is to become less agreeableSeptember 5, 2014 8:49 am
Bear market for gilts the next big move
By Neil Collins
State will issue more paper whether investors want it or not
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b8881e88-34cb-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Main St subprime lenders under pressureSeptember 5, 2014 8:35 am
Main St’s subprime lenders hit headwinds
By Tracy Alloway in Las Vegas
Zero-interest retailers feel pinch of overloaded credit market
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f6796f4-3445-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Miners rise despite iron ore price plungeSeptember 5, 2014 10:07 am
Miners’ shares lag behind iron ore price plunge
By Neil Hume
Could it only be a matter of time before investors fret about profits?
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9f1a12e8-34d6-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex Falls for Second Day But Holds 27 000Mahindra and Mahindra Falls on Kotak Downgrade
The BSE Sensex and Nifty fell for a second straight session on Friday as profit-taking continued in blue-chips such as ICICI Bank after a string of records earlier this week, while foreign investor sales in equity derivatives also weighed.
Overseas investors sold index futures worth Rs 591 crore and stock futures worth Rs 677 crore on Thursday, exchange data showed.
That marked a rare day of selling given that foreign investors have been largely buying cash shares this year, worth a total of over $13 billion so far, thanks in part to easy monetary policies globally.
The European Central Bank on Thursday went further, cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
Still, when the Federal Reserve removes its stimulus is seen as the most important factor. All eyes are thus now on US August payrolls data due later in the day.
Some analysts said they expected the United States to maintain an easy stance, which could help keep a rally in Indian shares going, given the optimism about the domestic economy.
"Steady rise in Indian equities would continue amid economic recovery, supportive global liquidity, and falling commodity prices," said Hemant Kanawala, head of equity at Kotak Life Insurance.
The benchmark BSE Sensex fell 0.22 per cent, or 59.23 points, to end at 27,026.70, down from a record high of 27,225.85 hit on Wednesday.
Still, the index managed its fourth consecutive weekly gain of 1.5 per cent.
The broader Nifty lost 0.11 per cent, or 9.10 points, to end at 8,086.85. It rose 1.7 per cent for the week.
Profit-taking hit blue-chips for a second consecutive session, sending ICICI Bank down 1.6 per cent, while Housing Development Finance Corp ended down 2.3 per cent.
Among other decliners, Tata Motors lost 1.4 per cent, while Coal India ended down 2.3 per cent.
Jaiprakash Associates lost 10.1 per cent, adding to Thursday's 17.6 per cent slump on continued speculation about whether promoters were reducing their stakes.
The company on Thursday clarified in a statement that one of its promoters had reduced stake in the company to 28.30 per cent from 29.75 per cent.
Broader losses were however limited as midcap shares gained with the NSE midcap index ending 0.3 per cent higher after marking its third consecutive all-time high.
Lloyd Electric and Engineering surged 8.9 per cent on attractive valuations relative to rivals.
The consumer appliance maker trades at 6 times of its one-year forward earnings. That compares to 24 times of rival Voltas, Thomson Reuters data shows.
Software stocks gained on continued hopes of better business in the United States and Europe after recent positive macro data such as US ISM manufacturing.
Infosys rose 0.6 per cent, while Tata Consultancy Services gained 0.5 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Japan aluminium scrap hits 6-year high© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3d749eb0-34d5-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Mallya Doctrine: When in trouble  blame the mediaIndulekha Aravind |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 04:06 PM IST
The Mallya Doctrine: When in trouble, blame the media
A quick look at USL chairman Vijay Mallya's grouses and the facts on the ground
Following United Spirits’ Thursday board meeting to announce its results , a defensive Vijay Mallya in an interview with a leading daily sought to dismiss the various charges against him by blaming the media for distorting public perception about him. While we certainly don’t carry a brief for the entire media, it is a bit rich for the USL and United Breweries group chairman to blame it for all his troubles. Let’s take a look at some of the claims he made during the interview, and how they stack up against the facts:
 
1. “Don’t try to drive a wedge between us” 
 
Fact: The USL board has ordered an investigation into loans of around Rs 1,200 crore to UB group and associates, and has authorised managing director Anand Kripalu to take whatever steps he deems necessary for recovery, though the latter appears doubtful.  
 
Mallya’s take: “On what basis are you saying it's between Diageo and UB? We are partners together… So don't try to drive a wedge between us. … The board of USL decided to investigate further. It's you (the media) who perceives it as Diageo has instituted the inquiry.” While Mallya remains chairman and holds, along with other group companies, a stake in USL, they are hardly equal partners. Diageo holds 54.78% , making it the single largest shareholder. Mallya might like to window dress the probe by saying it is a joint issue, but the fact that the USL board considered it imperative to launch an investigation into why loans of hundreds of crores were made to another company he heads and associates is hardly a pretty sight. 
 
2. “If one bank squeals, it becomes headline news”
 
Fact: Mallya’s company, Kingfisher Airlines, owes the bank Rs 400 crore
 
Mallya’s take: While he does not directly discuss United Bank of India’s decision to declare him a wilful defaulter, he seems to be making an oblique reference to just that when asked about the future of UB Holdings, with foreign entities now in control of his two flagships. 
 
Mallya bristles about the fact that nobody acknowledges how he has unlocked shareholder value by bringing foreign partners on board -- which is true. But he then adds “These are ignored and seem irrelevant. But if one bank squeals, it becomes headline news.” 
 
Assuming he was referring to UBI, asking for repayment of Rs 400 crore is hardly a ‘squeal’. UBI executive director Deepak Narang has told Business Standard in an exclusive interview how Mallya had been given time and opportunity to explain his position but decided not to do so. 
 
3. “Unfortunately, there are many people who left the company a long time back, who took up other jobs, and are still staking claims.”
 
Fact: Hundreds of Kingfisher Airlines employees still haven’t been paid dues, some are still jobless, and at least one has committed suicide because of stress caused by unemployment and debt. 
 
Mallya’s take: This is probably the unkindest cut of them all. Asked whether the issue of non-payment of salaries to Kingfisher Airlines staff could have been handled better, Mallya claims there is no wilful denial on the part of the company, and that he is “hurt” by the perception that he is deliberately not paying salaries. 
 
These sentiments are of little consolation to employees like engineer Anjan Deveshwar who has not been paid for two years and is now planning to sell his apartment. Employees also discovered that the company had been deducting taxes from their salaries but not depositing it with the government. Under such circumstances, Mallya’s claim that it is staff who left the airline but are now asking for salaries cuts little ice.
 

For CBI chief Ranjit Sinha  the shoe is on the other footDev Chatterjee |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 04:40 PM IST
For CBI chief Ranjit Sinha, the shoe is on the other foot
The Director of Central Bureau of Investigation Ranjit Sinha is perhaps facing his biggest crisis in the recent times. Sinha is under attack in the Supreme Court for meeting people at his residence who were under investigation by the agency for various scams including the infamous 2G spectrum scam and coal scam.
The Director of Central Bureau of Investigation Ranjit Sinha is perhaps facing his biggest crisis in the recent times. Sinha is under attack in the Supreme Court for meeting people at his residence who were under investigation by the agency for various scams including the infamous 2G spectrum scam and coal scam. 
 
Sinha – who will retire in three months – has retaliated by saying that few vested interests are indulging in character assassination and he will file a perjury case against lawyer Prashant Bhushan. This (character assassination) is exactly what many people were complaining against the CBI till date. In the last few years, almost every top Indian corporate – be it the Tatas, the Birlas, the Ruias, Anil Ambani group, the Jindals brothers have either been investigated or are currently under CBI investigation. Most of them complained that the CBI was unfair and indulged in media trial. 
ALSO READ:  CBI chief Ranjit Sinha's actions raises more questions than answers
While Sinha’s track record in filing cases against top corporates and industrialists and bankers is good, very few high profile cases have resulted in conviction. In a statement in January this year, the CBI says it has a conviction rate of 68.62%. But in most of the high profile cases like the Radia tapes, Birlas in Hindalco, Dardas in the coal scam and in the former Sebi Chairman’s CB Bhave case, the CBI filed closure reports with the courts or is in the process to do so. But the damage done to the reputation of these companies, their promoters and others is unimaginable. If the CBI was so confident of filing FIRs (first information reports) and then leak it to media, then it should have collected evidence with the same enthusiasm. 
 
What Sinha is accusing others was the exact charge he was facing just a few months ago. I met some of the top CEOs when the CBI investigation was launched against them. Most were scared, and were afraid to take decisions. Industrialists are planning to invest more overseas instead of India in order to “de-risk” their business. The business climate was destroyed in the last two years as a weak UPA government was making mistake after mistake (CWG scam, Tatra scam, Coal scam, 2G scam). 
Going by the CBI’s statement on its conviction rate, Sinha has done a good job but it was not enough. 
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will have to take a call in the next three months on the next CBI director. The next CBI director will have to restore public’s confidence in the investigating agency and make sure that reputation of innocents are not tarnished. The next CBI director will also have to make sure that his own officials are not giving contradictory versions in a case as it happened many a times in the high profile cases. 
 
Under the Indian Law, the accused are presumed to be innocent till their guilt is finally established after a fair trial. Let’s respect that and yes a media trial should be avoided at all costs – especially in these excitable times. 
 Advertisements

Amazon India comes under ED lens for possible violations of FDI rulesYou are here: Home > Collections > Ed
Amazon India comes under ED lens for possible violations of FDI rules
Chandra R Srikanth & Suchetana Ray, ET Now Sep 5, 2014, 05.53PM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(This comes at a time when…)
The world's largest online retailer Amazon has come under the lens of the Enforcement Directorate for possible violations of India's FDI rules for online retail, at least two people familiar with the development, told ET NOW.
This comes at a time when Amazon founder Jeff Bezos is betting big on India and Prime Minister Narendra Modi is trying to woo top dollar by talking about the ease of doing business here.
Sources told ET NOW that the ED has sought information regarding Amazon's business model and that it is studying e-tailer's model of online marketplace in India. So far, no notice has been sent to the company, with the ED is still trying to establish if there are violations.
Amazon India did not reply to e-mail queries sent on Tuesday and an Amazon spokesperson told ET NOW that the company will not comment on this story.
However, Amazon is not alone. This is part of a wider probe that the ED has initiated into a dozen e-commerce companies in India. It began with the Reserve Bank of India sending ED a reference to probe the business models of a few e-commerce companies. This led ED to investigate other companies using similar business models.
ET NOW recently reported that the ED found Flipkart guilty of violating FEMA provisions and may impose a penalty to the tune of Rs 1000 crore.
As per the FEMA norms, ED can slap a penalty up to three times of the contravention or foreign investment received in a case.Officials in ED explain that if a show-cause notice is issued the company is given the opportunity to contest before the Directorate.
Foreign Direct Investment norms in India do not permit FDI in e-commerce, particularly in the business to consumer models. As a result, most e-tailers currently follow the online market place model, connecting sellers to buyers and getting a fee from the sales.
ED is not the only government agency to look closely at Amazon's model here. A few days back, the commercial taxes department in Karnataka claimed Amazon made a back-door entry to enter the Indian market instead of opening its own subsidiaries.
Amazon, however, refuted the same, stating that, "At the outset we are in compliance of all FDI rules; we follow the marketplace model in India where sellers of all sizes use our platform to reach customers across the country. Specifically on the local Karnataka tax issue, we have been working with the relevant authorities to address their concerns. We understand this to be a case where the laws have not kept pace with the new-age online business models that enable a faster, convenient and nationwide access to customers for sellers, especially small and medium businesses, at significantly low costs."
These hitches come at a time when the e-commerce sector is seeing unprecedented investor interest and sky-high valuations. Amazon recently committed a $2 billion investment in India a day after Flipkart raised a $1 billion.
However industry sources say the government's interference is unlikely to dampen investor sentiment. "These are issues that have to do with compliance in structure and the way these companies have implemented and operationalised it. We believe that the government will ultimately work to do the right thing," said an venture capitalist with a US-based firm, who did not wish to be identified.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The rarest of judicial opinionsBy Jonathan H. Adler September 5
Yesterday, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted en banc rehearing in  Henry v. Ryan , a habeas case.  What’s particularly unusual  about this grant, however, is that it was accompanied by opinions, including a dissent from the grant of rehearing.  Judge Tallman issued a dissent , joined by Judges O’Scannlain, Bea, Callahan,and Ikuta.  In response to this dissent, Judge Fletcher issued an opinion concurring in the grant.
Opinions dissenting from a denial of en banc review are rare, but hardly unheard of.  Opinions respecting a grant of rehearing are even more so, even if for no other reason than if a judge does not think a case should be reheard en banc, he or she would have an opportunity to make that clear as part of the en banc opinions on the merits.  In the Ninth Circuit, however, en banc panels do not consist of the entire court. Rather, en banc panels on the Ninth Circuit only consist of 11 of the Circuit’s 29 active judges, so there is no guarantee that a dissenting judge (including one who served on the original panel) would have the chance to make his or her case.
In this particular case, the dissenting judges argue that the grant violates the relevant rules, suggesting this is more than a dispute over how to exercise discretionary authority to review panel opinions.   Judge Tallman’s dissent begins:
If one is remembered for the rules one breaks, then our court must be unforgettable. By taking this capital habeas case en banc now—after certiorari has been denied by the Supreme Court and well after the deadline for en banc review by our court has passed—we violate the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure and our own General Orders. We also ignore recent Supreme Court authority that has reversed us for doing the same thing in the past. No circuit is as routinely reversed
for just this type of behavior. We ought to know better.
Judge Fletcher’s concurrence responds that the grant is proper because it seeks rehearing not of the panel decision but a subsequent order denying a stay request.  It concludes:
A denial of a motion for reconsideration is, in ordinary circumstances, utterly routine. But the circumstances here are far from ordinary. A critical issue in Henry is whether an Eddings error is structural, requiring automatic reversal. This issue is common to a number of pending Arizona capital cases. The Henry panel treated an Eddings error as non-structural. The panel was unanimous, holding that any Eddings error was harmless under Brecht. Henry, 720 F.3d at
1089–91. No one called the panel’s decision en banc.
But then the landscape changed. We narrowly decided not to rehear en banc a second Eddings case, Poyson v. Ryan. We then voted to take en banc a third Eddings case, McKinney v. Ryan. McKinney was originally scheduled to be heard en banc in June, but we postponed the hearing until we could decide whether to take en banc yet a fourth Eddings case, Hedlund v. Ryan, 750 F.3d 793 (9th Cir. 2014).
If we hold in McKinney that Eddings error is structural, it is possible, perhaps even likely, that Henry will be entitled to a new sentencing hearing.  Panels in three other Arizona Eddings cases have stayed proceedings to await McKinney. Despite the fact that in Poyson the en banc call failed, the Poyson panel has stayed proceedings. The panel in Hedlund has now stayed proceedings. A
separate panel has stayed proceedings in Clabourne v. Ryan, 745 F.3d 362 (9th Cir. 2014).
The only panel that has not stayed proceedings is the Henry panel. If the panel’s order stands, Henry will be executed. He will be executed even if we hold en banc in McKinney that an Eddings error is structural. That is, Henry will be executed even if our law, established in McKinney, says that he should not be.  There is an easy and procedurally proper way to avoid this result. We can stay proceedings in Henry, as we have in Poyson and Clabourne, to allow for the orderly and fair administration of our system of justice.
The Tallman dissent responds, in part:
My reading of these rules may call into question the propriety of how the court has treated some past cases. Until Henry, the complications of the position promoted by the concurrence were not clear. These potential complications are glaring. If the en banc panel is only permitted to revisit the challenged order, as the concurrence contends, then its authority would be limited to forcing the three-judge panel to reconsider its prior denial of panel rehearing. That isn’t likely to achieve much; reversing the panel order denying reconsideration doesn’t allow the en banc court to reach what the concurrence contends is the “critical issue” of “whether an Eddings error is structural, requiring automatic reversal.” To reach that issue, it must do more. It must change the underlying panel opinion or go beyond the motion that triggered the call and grant Henry a stay—exceeding the concurrence’s self-proclaimed and unenforceable limits as to the scope of its review. Instead, the veiled purpose of this en banc call, at least through the eyes of the concurrence, is to revisit the panel’s opinion after McKinney is decided. But that clock has long since run.
Let’s label this en banc challenge for what it is: An untimely and improper attack on the panel disposition. By taking the case en banc, we break our own rules in a way that threatens our ability to process cases. See Hollingsworth v. Perry, 558 U.S. 183, 196–97 (2010) (noting that a court’s failure to comply with neutral rules and principles can “compromise the orderly, decorous, rational traditions that courts rely upon to ensure the integrity of their own judgments”).
Critically, there is no need for such exceptional action. Contrary to the concurrence’s representation, our denial of Henry’s untimely petition would not necessarily result in his execution. The Supreme Court of Arizona would still have to issue a warrant of execution. That court might wait for our en banc decision in McKinney. Even if the warrant issued, Henry would be entitled to seek a stay and other relief from the Arizona courts, and if that failed, from the federal courts, including ours. Granting an untimely petition for rehearing based on potential future changes in the law in unrelated cases interferes with the ordinary processes for habeas petitions, which provide adequate alternatives for a defendant to raise meritorious issues.
The dissent concludes:
Our court has succumbed to the temptation to hold this case, already in its third decade, even longer. Some of us may be driven by opposition to the death penalty. Or some may feel that Henry should get the benefit, if any, of McKinney because a third capital defendant, Poyson, was granted a stay pending McKinney’s resolution. Poyson v. Ryan, 743 F.3d 1186, 1187 (9th Cir. 2013). Whatever they are, motivations are beside the point. We should follow the law. Instead, we lay flame to orderly case-processing rules, comity due to state court judgments, and principles of finality. “[Fire’s] real beauty is that it destroys responsibility and consequences. A problem gets too burdensome, then into the fire with it.” Ray Bradbury, Farenheit 451 109 (Simon & Schuster 2012). We should be more cautious
{Hat tip: Rick Hasen)
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409920706/1409920706000/1409920706 tracking: {authors=Jonathan H. Adler, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=the-rarest-of-judicial-opinions, post_id=13051, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 12:38:26 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 12:38:26 PM

Teachers  Day: Narendra Modi s top ten lessons for school childrenPM Modi's live speech on Teachers' Day
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 5:31 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 6:30 pm
To mark the Teachers’ Day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed school children from across the country via a satellite link. Here are the ten lessons that Modi taught the children.
1. Keep the child alive in you
2. Politics is a service. One who is in politics should serve people like his or her family member
3. If a girl is educated, the entire family is educated
4. A teacher’s job is to discover the hidden talent of a student
5. One should dream about doing something, not becoming someone
6. I am a taskmaster
7. While experience has been my best teacher, I also believe that good teachers and education were also equally important in building up my life
8. You should read about lives of people who have been successful in life
9. I am focussing on Digital India so modern technology reaches our children and in different languages
10. Serving the nation does not only mean doing grand things. Doing small things is a big service to the nation

Samsung to work for share in $100 bn smartho...You are here: Home > Collections
Samsung unveils roadmap for share in $100 billion smarthome market
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 06.34PM IST
Tags:
Boo-Keun Yoon
("Today Smart Technologies…)
BERLIN: To grab share in foldable, adjustable and high tech smarthomes, Korean technology giant Samsung today said it will work on open standards technology with partners involved in making future home business.
"We will work with everyone who shares this vision and ensure that standards are open. We have started partnering with industry leaders to create interconnected solution and industry standards," Samsung Electronics President and CEO Boo-Keun Yoon said at IFA.
IFA is the world's leading trade show for consumer electronics and home appliances. It is taking place here from September 5-10.
Smarthomes are visualised to have technology that can change design of home as per need like converting bed room in to dinning room by moving walls or automatically adjusting furnitures.
These homes are expected to be embedded with technology that will detect germs in air and take action to clear them, inform members of family about their diet, medicine, food nutrition status in refrigerator, sense and manage power requirement, automated kitchen, etc.
As per a research there will be 45 million smarthome system installed by 2018 and smarthome market will grow to USD 100 billion by the same year.
"The future homes will be flexible, protective and responsive. Technology will increasingly help people to live more independent lives as they age," Yoon said.
He said Samsung's subsidiary Smart Technologies has already started partnering with companies that want to contribute to smarthome technology.
"Today Smart Technologies with partner has over 1,000 devices and approximately 8,000 applications for smarthome," Yoon said.
The Samsung President cited various research that predict 60 per cent of the global population will be urban by 2030, 1 billion people will be over age of 60 years by 2023, there will be 200 per cent increase in extreme weather condition since 1990 as factors that will drive need for smarthomes.
MIT media Labs' Principal Researcher Kent Larson displayed concept of smarthome with a prototype 28 meter square flat model. The systems installed at the flat converted a single room in to bed room, dinning room, work place and party space by moving automated walls, folding and unfolding furnitures as per requirement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Banks face lawsuit over Isdafix claimsLast updated: September 5, 2014 6:26 pm
Banks face first lawsuit over Isdafix rigging claims
By Daniel Schäfer, Sam Fleming and Philip Stafford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/450943b6-2f9d-11e4-83e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investigation: Friendly fire airstrike that killed U.S. Special Forces was avoidableBy Dan Lamothe September 4 Follow @danlamothe
A B-1B Lancer bomber flies over Afghanistan in November 2013. A Lancer was involved in a friendly fire airstrike that killed five U.S. troops and an Afghan soldier in June. (U.S. Air Force Photo/Master Sgt. Ben Bloker)
A friendly fire incident in Afghanistan that killed U.S. Special Forces and other American soldiers, along with an Afghan soldier, was the result of poor communication, inadequate planning and several other mistakes, according to the results of a U.S. military investigation released Thursday .
The June 9, 2014, airstrike marked one of the ugliest friendly fire incidents in more than 12 years of U.S. military operations in Afghanistan. A B-1B Lancer bomber dropped its ordnance on five U.S. soldiers, including members of an elite Special Forces team.
“The key members executing the close air support mission collectively failed to effectively execute the fundamentals, which resulted in poor situational awareness and improper target identification,” the investigating officer, Air Force Maj. Gen. Jeffrey L. Harrigian, said in his report. “While this complex combat situation presented a challenging set of circumstances, had the team understood their system’s capabilities, executed standard tactics, techniques and procedures and communicated effectively, this tragic incident was avoidable.”
Americans killed include Staff Sgt. Scott R. Studenmund, 24; Staff Sgt. Jason A. McDonald, 28; Spc. Justin R. Helton, 25; Cpl. Justin R. Clouse, 22; and Pvt. Aaron S. Toppen; 19. An Afghan army sergeant, Gulbuddin Ghulam Sakhi, also was fatally wounded by the bomb, according to the investigation report. McDonald and Studenmund were Special Operations troops with the 5th Special Forces Group of Fort Campbell, Ky., while Helton was a bomb technician and Clouse and Toppen were infantrymen.
The final investigation report, dated Aug. 5, describes confusion between the crew in the Air Force bomber and the leaders of the mission on the ground, which was launched in Zabul province to disrupt the Taliban and improve security in the Gaza Valley and Zabul’s Arghandab district. The situation spiraled quickly as the troops came under insurgent gunfire while waiting for helicopters to extract them near the end of the operation, the report said.
This photograph shows the area of Afghanistan where five U.S. troops and an Afghan soldier were killed in a friendly fire airstrike by a B-1B bomber on June 9, 2014. The image was edited by the U.S. military because of what it described as operational security. (Photo released by U.S. Central Command)
Significantly, the soldiers who were later killed by the airstrike maneuvered up a hill after taking enemy fire without it being understood by the U.S. commander on the ground, an Army captain, or the joint terminal attack controller (JTAC), whose job is to communicate with fighter jets and bombers to ensure the right targets are hit. The miscommunication resulted in other U.S. troops believing that muzzle flashes they saw from the Americans’ weapons marked the location of insurgents, the investigation found.
There were numerous other problems. All key leaders in the mission, including the ground commander, JTAC and air crew, thought that sensors on the bomber would be able to see infrared strobe markers. The targeting pod on the B-1B bomber cannot do that, leading the air crew to incorrectly believe there were not troops on the ridgeline they bombed, investigators determined.
Troops on the ground directing the airstrike repeatedly told the B-1B crew that all friendly troops were 300 meters away from the ridgeline about to be targeted. The bombs were dropped shortly after 8:24 p.m., and almost immediately questions were raised about whether a fatal mistake had been made. Soldiers at the base of the ridgeline reported that the bombs had hit “our hill,” and survivors scrambled to the site to check.
“All personnel were conducting their assigned tasks,” another Special Forces member told investigators, according to a copy of his witness statement included in the report. “I assumed the enemy was maneuvering, but I told my guys to stay put and make sure they had their strobes on. My understanding was that all my guys had strobes on and that the aircraft had identified guys without strobes on. It was clear to me that it had been relayed to aircraft that that there were American elements with [infrared] strobes on.”
A member of the Air Force crew, interviewed June 27 at a U.S. Central Command facility at Udeid Air Base in Qatar, said it was hard to communicate with the troops on the ground with radios, but they were clear that the JTAC wanted two bombs dropped on the hill.
“The JTAC’s focus on IR strobes was moer [sic] than normal, but I’m not going to question the JTAC in a situation like this,” the B-1B crew member said. “I can hear the stress in his voice and see… the [targeting] pod, so given the comms condition I’m not going to waste precious time questioning the information the JTAC is passing.”

Apple s rivals hope its iWatch makes "wearab...Apple Inc's rivals hope its iWatch makes "wearable" work
Reuters Sep 5, 2014, 07.02PM IST
Tags:
Apple Inc
(Apple is expected to stride…)
BERLIN/FRANKFURT: Know what a "Wearable" is? Most top tech executives would struggle to define it. Now they're hoping that Apple will do it for them.
Next week, Apple Inc is expected to stride into the market for wearable accessories that link wirelessly up to phones and create a template for other firms that have struggled to create products consumers would want to be seen in.
Rival electronics makers have been marketing hundreds of wearable products over the past year, but have little to show for it in sales despite huge hype for accessories seen as a critical boost to the vast but increasingly saturated market for mobile phones.
Executives at Europe's big consumer electronics trade fair this week in Berlin readily admit to hoping that Apple can crack the missing code for everyone. Where the U.S. innovator leads, its rivals plan to follow by bringing their own improvements or by seeking out profitable niche markets that Apple ignores.
"If Apple offers its own product, it will expand the market," Sung-jin Lee, Director of LG Electronics Inc's
watch product planning team, said in an interview.
"This is what we wanted," Sunny Lee, CEO of Samsung Electronics' European business told Reuters when asked about Apple's likely debut.
Media reports have pinpointed 9 September as the date Apple will introduce its long-rumoured smartwatch - a wrist device that typically connects to a nearby phone. Expectations are high for the iWatch, which could be the tech giant's first brand new product after a four-year dry spell during which it faced pressure to create another groundbreaking consumer gadget.
So far Samsung dominates the smartwatch market, with 74 per cent, but numbers remain small. Compared to the 1.3 billion mobile phones expected to be sold industry wide this year, just 1 million smartwatches shipped in the second quarter of 2014, according to market research firm Strategy Analytics estimates.
But will you wear it?
Those kind of volumes suggest the industry remains in wait-and-see mode, despite devoting huge marketing energy to wearable devices that has garnered an amount of press attention disproportionate to the number of products on the shelves.
"Ultimately, what all these companies have been doing is just public prototyping," or testing the market, said mobile analyst Ben Wood of market research firm CCS Insight.
So far tech companies have struggled to impress consumers in part because younger generations who rarely wear watches but glance at their phones instead don't see the point of a wrist-worn accessory unless it can do something a phone can't.
Apple's arrival promises to bring fashion sense and sleek design to a market that so far has emphasized the technology inside their products rather than its outward usability or aesthetics, Wood noted.
"We are in the Stone Age of wearables right now," said Wood - a self-confessed wearables geek who has 15 such devices strewn on the floor of his office.
While "wearables" is a flexible term that covers health and fitness wrist bands, ear pieces, and even smart glasses or goggles, research firm CCS Insight predicts 87 per cent of the market will be wrist-worn devices by 2018.
It forecasts the number of wearable devices to ship will reach 135 million in 2018, up from just under 10 million in 2013. That forecast is partly based on anticipation that Apple will enter the market and on hit products eventually emerging.
  Gold rush
So far market-leader Samsung has launched five watch models including one which can make and receive phone calls without linking to a nearby phone. Its closest competitors, according to Strategy Analytics' data, are Pebble Technology Corp, which holds 13 per cent of the market with its square-faced black phones offering links to Web apps, and Sony Corp., which has 8 per cent and recently launched a new smartwatch model that look like a computer clock.
In a bid to muscle in, LG announced this week in Berlin a range of smartwatches inspired by the design of classic Swiss watches. Unlike many rival black and boxy devices on the market, one doesn't spot the electronics inside at first glance.
"It is not a gold rush yet, but it has the potential to be," said Lee, the LG watch executive, of the wearables market.
Chinese network and phone equipment maker Huawei has so far dabbled in wearables but believes that as long as the devices are sold as accessories to phones, rather than by shrinking phone functions to fit inside, the category won't take off.
"A wearable should be a stand-alone product - and that may take a while," Shao Yang, Huawei's vice president of consumer marketing, said in an interview in Berlin.
Traditional watch makers may also benefit if tech firms find the right mix of fashion and function.
In a recent interview, Swatch Group CEO Nick Hayek said smartwatches might convince younger generations to start wearing something on their wrists - making them Swatch targets at a later stage.
The Wall Street Journal and other media report that Apple's device is likely to come in two versions and simplify the process of making mobile payments, but may not actually ship until next year.
Industry executives expect it to eventually also sport an array of sensors to enable health and fitness monitoring.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Congress questions Najeeb Jung s move to invite BJP to form government in DelhiUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: In a hard hitting attack on Lt Governor Najeeb Jung, Delhi Congress questioned his move to invite BJP to form government in the city, accusing him of acting at the behest of Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and a section of BJP leaders.
Reacting sharply to Lt Governor's move, Chief spokesperson of Delhi Congress Mukesh Sharma wondered why this initiative is being taken when BJP had already refused such an offer after the assembly polls citing lack of numbers.
He also accused the Home Minister of trying to turn Lt Governor's secretariat into a BJP office saying leaders from the party was openly influencing decisions of Jung and the Delhi government.
Delhi Congress questioned Najeeb Jung's move to invite BJP to form government in the city.
"Lt Governor Najeeb Jung has been taking dictations from the Home Minister which is an insult to the Constitution and people of Delhi. We want to know what prompted LG's move to invite BJP to form government when the party after the assembly polls had turned down such an offer," Sharma said.
He also asked BJP to clarify its stand on the issue as the party had stated very clearly after assembly polls that it will not adopt any "unfair means" to form a government in the city.
"The BJP was invited to form government by LG after the assembly polls. But it had turned down the offer. Why has the party now shown interest in taking over the reins? We want to know how it will manage the numbers," he asked.
Jung had sent a report to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to call BJP, the single largest party, to take a shot at power though it is well short of a majority in the Assembly.
In his report, Jung gave a detailed analysis of the political situation in the city and underlined the need to have an elected government in the city which is under President's rule since February 17 following resignation of the Aam Aadmi Party government which was in power for 49 days.
The Lt Governor said though no party has staked claim to form government in Delhi, the BJP could be invited to take over the reins as it is the single largest party in the House.
Jung observed that all options for putting in place an elected government should be explored before contemplating holding of fresh polls.

EXCLUSIVE FIRST LOOK: Mikes Place will render the tale  and toll  of fatal Tel Aviv bombing in graphic-novel formBy Michael Cavna September 5 Follow @comicriffs
IT WAS to be a story of the normalcy amid the madness. Instead, picked from the shards of violence, it became a mosaic of life before and after an oasis was targeted, and lives were lost, and that fierce normalcy was reclaimed like a phoenix.
In the spring of 2003, American documentarian Jack Baxter sought a sanctuary from the Mideast violence. He landed upon Mike’s Place, a beachfront Tel Aviv bar where live blues music and dancing provide the percussive life-beat of normalcy for many Israelis, some Arabs and the ripple of foreign travelers — all within a stone’s throw of a heavily reinforced U.S. embassy and the backdrop of conflict and tragedy as a way of life and cycle of crisis. It’s a social cocktail of blended patrons who seek peace from the Molotov cocktail. It is in some ways akin to Rick’s place, “Casablanca’s” Cafe Americain, if Sam would play it again at the piano with 12-bar blues. The beer and the bended note are like statements mouthed against the madness.
But perhaps inevitably, that madness comes to the door.
On April 30 of that year, about an hour after Baxter’s cameras stopped rolling at the packed pub, a suicide bomber — one of two conspiring British men of Pakistani origin — detonated his explosives at the entrance, killing three and injuring 50, including Baxter, who endured burns and a brain contusion.
But both Baxter and Gal Ganzman, the bar’s owner, would not be deterred. They pressed on. Mike Place’s would reopen within weeks, on Israel’s Memorial Day. And Baxter, the Bronx-born Catholic, would roll film again — only now with a more dramatic narrative about Mike’s Place.
The next year, Baxter and his director/co-writer, Joshua Faudem, released their award-winning documentary, “Blues by the Beach.” The two men had met at Mike’s Place, and Faudem went from being Ganzman’s Detroit-born Israeli bartender to documentary cameraman.
Now, a decade later, Baxter and Faudem will tell their story with a new graphic novel, “ Mike’s Place: A True Story of Love, Blues, and Terror in Tel Aviv” (First Second Books).
“I wanted to write a firsthand account based on my experience of an infamous suicide bombing,” Baxter tells The Post’s Comic Riffs, “and through it show the convergence of personal stories of survival with historical events.”
“My hope is that readers of ‘Mike’s Place’ can have a better understanding of the modern-day Middle East and the nature and ramifications of international terrorism,” says Baxter, who previously worked as a freelance reporter for the New York Post.
“Surviving this suicide bombing at ‘Mike’s Place,’ and making a film about it immediately after, took [a] huge toll on me,” Faudem tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “Writing this graphic novel 10 years after the bombing has given me an opportunity to find peace with these events.”
Turning their words into visuals will be Israeli-born Brooklyn artist Koren Shadmi (“In the Flesh,” “Antoinette”).
“Working on ‘Mike’s Place’ was like a prolonged visit to the homeland after a very, very long absence,” Shadmi, an SVA grad, tells Comic Riffs. “Every line I drew brought back memories of life in Israel. The contradictions and complexities and beauty of this unique place all came back to life for me, and hopefully will come alive for the readers of the book.”
That book is due out next June. Here is an exclusive preview of the cover:
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=entertainment, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409924063/1409924063000/1409924063 tracking: {authors=Michael Cavna, blog_name=comic-riffs, content_category=Entertainment, in_url_headline=exclusive-first-look-mikes-place-will-render-the-tale-and-toll-of-infamous-tel-aviv-bombing-in-graphic-novel-form, post_id=2246, section={section=entertainment, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 1:34:23 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 1:34:23 PM

Investors jittery post Supreme Court ruling on coal block rowBS Reporter |  Bhubaneswar Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 08:39 PM IST
Investors jittery post SC ruling on coal block row
Major corporates are staring at an uncertain future after investing substantially on their projects
Investors are visibly worried on the fate of end-use projects linked to allocated coal blocks after the recent Supreme Court ruling pronouncing allocation of all such blocks as illegal.
For investors who have pumped in significant money on their projects in Odisha anticipating to start mining from these captive coal blocks, the apex court ruling has come as a dampener.
Major corporates like Jindal Steel & Power Ltd-JSPL (Rs 20,000 crore), Jindal Stainless Ltd-JSL (Rs 10,000 crore), Bhushan Steel & Strips Ltd (Rs 25,000 crore), Vedanta Group firm Sterlite Energy (Rs 8,038 crore) and GMR Energy (Rs 5,848 crore) are staring at an uncertain future after investing substantially on their projects.
Already faced with huge delay to mine coal from their allotted blocks, these project proponents are running their end use plants on linked coal supplies from Coal India controlled mines.
Investments to the order of above Rs 1 lakh crore has been grounded on end-use plants across sectors like steel, power, aluminium, cement and sponge iron. Besides, the projects linked to these ill-fated coal blocks employ about 38,000 people directly and another 3 lakh persons indirectly.
The ministry of coal had allocated 32 blocks in the state for captive consumption and later de-allocated seven blocks for their unsatisfactory progress. Of the allocated blocks, only Talabira coal block awarded to Aditya Birla Group owned Hindalco Industries had commenced production.
For the independent power producers (IPPs) who have already pumped in over Rs 30,000 crore to see their projects grounded, the top court’s observation has come as a setback. Among the IPPs, the investments have mainly flown from Vedanta Group firm Sesa Sterlite, GMR Kamalanga, Jindal India Thermal Power Ltd (JITPL) Ind-Barath Energy Utkal Ltd and Monnet Power.
While Sesa Sterlite has fully commissioned its 2,400 Mw plant at Bhurkamunda near Jharsuguda, GMR has put on stream three 350 Mw units of its plant at Kamalanga in Dhenkanal district. Both the proponents have been running their plants on linked coal supplies despite winning coal blocks. Others like JITPL, Ind-Barath Energy and Monnet Power were in advanced stage of commissioning their projects. In its August 24 ruling, the Supreme Court held that all coal block allocations made since 1993 till 2010 by the NDA and UPA regimes were done in an illegal manner without application of mind.
The top court that took scrutiny of 218 coal blocks said common good and public interest suffered heavily since “there was no fair and transparent procedure, all resulting in unfair distribution of the national wealth.”
Citing that allocations made both under the screening committee route and the government dispensation route are arbitrary and illegal, the SC underscored the need for further hearing fixed on September 1.
 Advertisements

Rocket Internet to merge Jabong with 4 global e-Commerce firmsApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Joan Riverss muddled legacyComments
By Stacia L. Brown September 5
No one seems to be talking about the same Joan Rivers. The 81-year-old comedienne, whose daughter Melissa announced her death yesterday afternoon, was as polarizing as she was pioneering. Depending on whose Twitter feed or essays you read, you may have seen unqualified praise or grudging condolence. You may have read defenses of her “ballsy,” “no-holds-barred” humor, or found yourself staring at her very recent comments to TMZ about Palestinian civilian casualties and her off-color, offensive quips about the president and First Lady.
In this Feb. 14, 2012 file photo, Joan Rivers tours backstage with her camera crew for E!’s “Fashion Police,” before the Badgley Mischka show during Fashion Week in New York. Rivers, the raucous, acid-tongued comedian who crashed the male-dominated realm of late-night talk shows and turned Hollywood red carpets into danger zones for badly dressed celebrities, died Thursday, Sept. 4, 2014. She was 81.(AP Photo/John Minchillo, File)
This shouldn’t be surprising. When we die, there will always be those who choose to remember us at our worst and they are usually the people we’ve hurt. But it is surprising, at least to me, as the mixed response to River’s passing raises questions about how we mourn comedians who are as well known for their “meanness” and mocking of others as they are are for bringing laughter to the masses. How do we who are alive and remain reconcile the deaths of those who lived “unapologetically?”
It’s impossible to pay tribute to Rivers without recalling her cruelest bits — and maybe that’s the way she would’ve wanted it. There’s plenty of evidence, however, to the contrary. In interview after interview throughout Rivers’ career, her offstage moments are rendered as vulnerable, deprecating, anxious and insecure. She wanted to be loved by the public, wanted her work to be loved, and she was willing to alter herself unendingly to make that happen. It’s too soon to tell how much of a miscalculation that choice may have been.
While reflecting on Twitter about Rivers’ death, Lena Dunham fondly recalled a joke Rivers once made about Dunham’s tattoos, but it’s difficult to read the joke without noting that its punchline is predicated on tasteless insults about Michael J. Fox’s and Stevie Wonder’s disabilities. It’s difficult not to remember all the jokes Rivers told at the expense of the disabled.
It’s true that, for comedians, nothing is off-limits. We can all think of a moment when we’ve cringed as a comic reached for a joke at the expense of others’ ailments or traumas. But in the latter part of her career, Rivers seemed to do far more of that sort of work than ever before — and it didn’t end with celebrities.
In April of this year, Rivers raised eyebrows by tastelessly “poking fun” at the survivors of ten years of sex abuse and captivity in Cleveland. When she was later taken to task, she doubled down. Writer Emily Yahr opined that it was useless to expect an apology from Rivers:
Rivers herself has been through a particular hell and back as she’s clawed her way up the Hollywood ladder, and many years ago reached the point in her career at which she can say basically anything she wants. Don’t like it? Find it offensive? She doesn’t care…. She’s her own harshest critic, and has nothing to lose.
Fellow comedian Anthony Jeselnik echoed this sentiment in a tweet yesterday that read, “Joan Rivers once told me she would die before she’d ever apologize for a joke. I’m glad she made it.”
Joan Rivers’s legacy is a muddled drink. Celebrities can choose to lead unapologetic lives. But how we choose to mourn them hinges on whether the balance of our memories are more admirable or animous. In other words: if they were unapologetic in their lack of regard for what we might find hurtful, we, in responding to their deaths, can be, too.
I tend toward the sentimental, so in reading obituaries and tributes, I’ve loved learning about Rivers’ early years and the difficult father who once disowned her and the grandson she adored. I’ve relished reading up on her post-marital lovers and spotting a tweet from Connecticut College that included her class picture. I felt for her upon reflecting on her rift with Johnny Carson and her second husband’s high-profile suicide. Though it’s clear that late in her career, she grasped at defenseless, unfamous subjects, mocking them to stoke the fire of her relevance, she was not unilaterally hateful. Though I know that she often made the marginalized her material — including but not limited to battered women, the disabled, transgender people, and casualties of war and genocide — she was also mentor to countless other women comics (many of whom seem to share her “unapologetic,” “ballsy” approach to humor) and an advocate for HIV research and suicide prevention.
It’s hard to believe we’re all writing about and reflecting upon the same woman, but we are. There’s nothing particularly profound about it. We all exist in the gray.
We are allowed to discuss what was iconic or underrated about Joan Rivers while also acknowledging that her work and her opinions could be callous, ill-timed, or indefensible. We shouldn’t soft-pedal the complexity of Rivers’ public profile. It minimizes her impact, for better or worse, and it issues no challenge to the “unapologetic” comic. In a field all about upping your game and refining your voice, the best way to honor Joan Rivers’ legacy, the best way to measure her lasting contributions to comedy, is to lay bare the riskiest choices she made in service of getting a laugh and to ask ourselves, “Were they worth it?”
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409926346/1409926346000/1409926346 tracking: {authors=Stacia L. Brown, blog_name=act-four, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=joan-riverss-muddled-legacy, post_id=3203, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 2:12:26 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 2:12:26 PM

Rape charges will boost party ranks: Trinamool leaderComments
Faced with increasing attack of the opposition parties in the wake of accusations of rape and murder of a class X student, a senior ruling party leader in West Bengal on Friday said such accusations will only bolster the party membership.
Sourav Chakraborty the TMC Jalpaiguri district president on Fridayjoined the league of his party leaders who have made insensitive remarks.  Chakraborty claimed that the rape and accusations would always exist.  "Rape is a social malady, which will continue happening and so will be accusations. The more the accusations grow, so will grow our party membership," Chakrabarty told media persons.
Chakraborty was reacting on the allegations that the TMC local leaders and supporters were involved in the rape and murder of the class X girl at Dhupguri in Jalpaiguri district whose naked body was found from near a railway track on Tuesday morning.
The girl was missing from Monday night when local TMC leaders had called a salashi sabha or kangaroo court to solve a dispute between the victims’ father and his neighbour.
Anukul Burman the father of the victim had filed FIR against 13 persons most of them TMC leaders and supporters.
Himani Burman went missing from Monday night after the meeting.  In the meeting the TMC leaders asked Anukul Burman to pay the rent to Anil Burman from whom he had hired a power tiller. When Anukul said that he would not be able to pay the money immediately, he was assaulted and insulted. Himani who had accompanied her father in the meeting protested. Villagers claimed that those present in the meeting instead turned on the girl and demanded she lick spittle off the ground. 
She went missing from Monday late night and her naked body was found next morning from near railway track.
The Left Front has sought Governor K.N. Tripathi's intervention.  Three people have been arrested in connection with the case.
Chakraborty's comments have been strongly criticized by CPI-M, Congress and the BJP.
Earlier, Trinamool MP Tapas Paul had created a major controversy  when he threatened to unleash his boys to rape Marxist women while party MLA from Diamond Harbour Dipak Kumar Halder set off an outrage by saying so long as the earth exists, rape will continue to happen.
The ruling Trinamool Congress is facing increasing hit from opposition parties forcing the state government to send a forensic team to the spot from where the girl’s naked dead body was recovered.
Today a forensic team from North Bengal Medical College and Hospital (NBMCH) visited Dhupguri and collected samples from near the railway line from where the body was recovered. The General Railway police are investigating the matter. 
However opposition parties like the CPM, Congress, BJP and SUCI have been claiming that the police and the local administration are trying to hush up the matter.
Pritha Sarkar the district magistrate of Jalpaiguri said on Fridayevening, “The post mortem report said prima-facie there was no sexual assault.” “We should handle the matter clinically,” she told Hindustan times. 
However, Jayanta Majumdar the CPI (M) Dhupguri zonal committee secretary told Hindustan Times in the afternoon, “The post mortem report is likely to be changed under the pressure of the administration.”
Talking to Hindustan Times on Friday evening, Chakraborty denied of making such statements. He told Hindustan Times “The more baseless allegations are made against the party, the party would get stronger.”
He also said, “The post mortem report would clear everything.” 
Jayanta Majumdar who is also the convenor of Left Front in Dhupguri block said “We had demanded that a central forensic team to visit the spot and the state Governor  K N Tripathi's intervention.” “We do not have faith on the state forensic team which had also conducted the post mortem,” said Mazumdar.  He also alleged that the Dhupguri municipality chairman and vice chairman went to the victim’s family and offered money to the father. The civic body is controlled by the TMC.
Mazumdar who claimed to have seen the body of the girl said, “The clothes of the Vitim were lying on one side of the railway track and the naked body was found on the other side of the track.” 

Apax chairman takes home 11.2mSeptember 5, 2014 3:29 pm
Apax chairman takes home £11.2m in performance fees
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/748113f4-34fb-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ADCOM launches budget smartphone A440 Plus priced at Rs 3 499Apple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Tarun Gogoi transfers Darrang SP over lawyersmurderPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 5, 2014 8:28 pm
Eight days after a leading lawyer in Mangaldoi, northern Assam was brutally murdered, the state government on Friday transferred the Superintendent of Police (SP) on charges of “gross negligence and indifferent attitude”.
An official statement issued by the state government said Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi himself gave orders for transfer of Darrang SP GV Siva Prasad and placing Sashi Kanta Das, Officer-in-charge (OC) of Mangaldai police station, under suspension after the murder of leading advocate and businessman Binoy Kumar Ghosh.
While Ghosh (84) was murdered by a group of dacoits inside his residence in Mangaldoi town on August 29, the chief minister’s orders said action was taken against the two officers owing to the gross negligence and indifferent attitude of the concerned police officials.
The residence of Ghosh is just about 100 metres from the Mangaldoi police station. Reports said a gang of dacoits numbering close to 20 broke into the lawyer’s house, gagged him, and looted cash, ornaments and other valuables.
While Ghosh initially pleaded to be spared of his life, a commotion with one of the dacoits ultimately led to him being stabbed to death, local media reports quoting his wife had said.
Police have so far arrested only one of the suspects.

Talking issues on the rampUpdated: September 5, 2014 20:38 IST
Talking issues on the ramp
A. SHRIKUMAR
An emsemble from the collection. Photo: Special Arrangement
An emsemble from the collection. Photo: Special Arrangement
The men's wear collection by fashion designer Suvrat Anand. Photo: Special Arrangement
Fashion designer Suvrat Anand. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOPICS
clothes and dressing
Mumbai-based fashion designer Suvrat Anand talks about his men’s wear collection dedicated to victims of acid attack, rape and child sexual abuse
Mumbai based fashion designer Suvrat Anand has come up with men’s wear collection dedicated to the victims of acid attack and child sexual abuse. The collection featuring 18 ensembles was made in collaboration with NGO HAVOC (Helping All Victims of Our Community), that has been working for the rehabilitation of women and children affected by sexual abuse and acid attacks.
“Recently, there has been a spate of acid attacks across the country. Child sexual abuse and rape are also becoming common. But these are often sidelined as ‘mundane’ in the glamorous world of fashion. I thought one should bring out these issues on the ramp,” says Suvrat, who worked on the collection for a month. “Fashion is considered a happy subject talking only about beauty and aesthetics. But it is also a wonderful way to portray grim issues of the society.” According to Suvrat, fashion in India is yet to become cause-driven. “In the west, every collection has a cause to speak for. Eco-friendly fashion was one of such a concept,” he says. “Initially, when the luxury brands stood up against animal skin, it wasn’t received well. And now, it’s a major trend. High fashion is an effective way to take social issues to the elites of the society.”
Though acid attack and sexual abuse majorly concerns women and children, the idea behind making a men’s wear collection was to make men a part of the campaign, says the designer. “The show was a fund raiser and the proceeds go to the victims.” Suvrat says he has focussed more on the colours to bring out the effect. “I have used solid blocks of brown and black in every ensemble. The only area I have played around is the silhouette,” he says. Baggy trousers, floppy collars, ruffled-up cuffs, complimentary panels and bold chunky buttons are the highlights of the collection and as a whole reflect an Indo-western sensibility.
“I wanted to translate the work of the NGO on to my clothes. The outfits are aimed to showcase to the viewers the severity of the issues which the dark colours do. And at the same time the trendy silhouettes of the clothes make the wearer feel fresh and happy about themselves. This is what HAVOC is trying to do – to make the victims feel better and hopeful,” says Suvrat.
He also says that another reason for playing around with the silhouettes was to come out of the regular label image of pencil-fit trousers and slim-fit shirts. Suvrat says he wanted to reinvent the house's Columnar look, defined by boxy shapes on top and tapered, slightly cropped trousers below, around which other markers of casually elegant men's dressing were assembled. “Men’s wear has hit a saturation point. There are hardly any innovations and deviations made in the silhouettes,” says Suvrat. Unlike women’s fashion, there is limited scope to experiment in men’s wear. But since it is haute couture, one can always let creativity run wild. “I have done exactly that,” he adds.

CBI chief Ranjit Sinha s actions raise more questions than answersNivedita Mookerji |  New Delhi Sep 06, 2014
Last Updated at 12:23 AM IST
CBI chief's meetings at home raise questions of propriety
The fact that Sinha met many of the people connected to the case at his residential complex is a clear indicator of things gone amiss
Ever since the names of people who met Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) director Ranjit Sinha at his home office in the past several months have come out, the top sleuth has gone all out to say he has done no wrong and nobody can stop him from meeting people.
In one of his defiant statements, he said: “You have to often catch a thief through a thief,” implying that he’s been getting information from his visitors, and that this has enabled CBI to crack many cases.
ALSO READ:  Ranjit Sinha: In the hot seat
 
That may be partly correct, but Sinha’s argument seems to be faulty, according to experts. While technically the CBI chief can hold meetings at his residential office, it is the kind of people who are listed in the visitors’ logbooks as well as the frequency of their visits that is raising questions. “The core point is whether the meetings are furthering the cause of justice or not. The role of an investigator is nothing but that,” said a former CBI director.
The visitors’ diary, or diaries, are believed to be filled with controversial names, including those of industrialists, company executives and politicians with links to the 2G telecom scam and coalgate. The fact that Sinha, who’s heading the probe on both 2G and coal case that shook the nation, met these people at his residential complex (even if it is at the home office), at times late in the night perhaps without any written record of the interactions, is a clear indicator of things gone amiss, according to a civil servant.   
ALSO READ:  CBI chief says will hit back with perjury case against Bhushan
 
The questions that are being asked by top government officials are, why could not these same set of people meet the CBI chief at his office? What were the constraints in organising meetings at his spacious office in the CGO Complex, New Delhi? Was it the convenience of the visitors or the CBI chief himself that was kept in mind while allowing meetings at his residence? Just to put things in perspective, Sinha’s residence at 2, Janpath, is less than 5 km away from the CBI headquarters at the CGO complex, and in normal traffic the two destinations are apart by 10 minutes when travelling by car. There may not be a ready answer to those questions at this point, but a top bureaucrat pointed out that a residential office is sanctioned to top officials including the CBI chief for working at home beyond office hours and giving dictations to personal staff.
“But, such meetings with industrialists and company executives, who are linked to cases under investigation, are against any norm and, therefore, raise suspicion,” he added.
Former CBI chief Vijay Shankar told Business Standard that keeping a residential office is the director’s prerogative. “But, in case people involved in the investigation were given appointment at residential office, was it to each and everyone who sought it depending on the time available to him, or was it given to a particular kind of people?” he asked. “From what has come out in the media, the practice of giving appointment to persons under investigation, that too repeatedly, is highly suspicious,” said Shankar, who held the position of CBI director for three years.
Another former director of CBI, who did not want to be named, said: “I never met anybody at my home office other than personal staff who facilitated work.”
With just about two months to go before his term ends, will the government take any step to intervene? The buzz is that there may be a change in the rulebook that could actually end the CBI chief’s term before the due time. Sinha has said that he will not resign, and is planning a perjury case against Prashant Bhushan, the petitioner who brought the visitors’ log book to the court. However, what view the Supreme Court takes on Monday on the matter might hold the key. Sinha had not so long ago agreed with the Supreme Court that the agency was indeed a “caged parrot”. The current controversy raises the question of how much of a caged parrot the CBI actually is, and what can be done to change the complexion of the premier investigative agency.
 Advertisements

India  Australia ink civil nuclear agreement; Canberra to supply uraniumYou are here: Home > Collections > Npt
India, Australia ink civil nuclear agreement; Canberra to supply uranium
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Sep 6, 2014, 06.33AM IST
Tags:
Australia
(The civil nuclear deal is…)
NEW DELHI: India and Australia scripted history on Friday by signing a civil nuclear deal for the supply of uranium to the country's nuclear reactors, taking their partnership to a new level. The deal was signed following a dialogue between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and visiting Australian PM Tony Abbott , the first head of government to visit India since the BJP-led government assumed power in May this year.
Abbott was given full state honours during his two-day visit. The deal is strategically significant and will set the template for other countries as it is Canberra's first nuclear deal with a Non-Nuclear, Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) signatory country, official sources told ET. The negotiations for the nuclear deal with Canberra have been among the least troublesome that Delhi had with countries with which it is seeking civil nuke cooperation. The culmination of these five rounds of talks resulted in this deal.
Since India received unconditional waiver from Nuclear Suppliers Group in September 2008, it has signed civil nuclear deals with all P-5 members barring China — USA, Russia, France and UK — for supply of reactors and technology. Deals were also signed with Canada, Kazakhstan, Argentina, Namibia and Mongolia for supply of uranium as well as reactors, nuclear technology and waste management. But despite negotiations for the past four years, a deal with Japan remains elusive over India's non-NPT status and reprocessing rights.
The negotiations between the two sides have been on since 2012 after the then ruling Labour Party reversed its decision to ban the uranium sale to India because New Delhi has not signed the NPT. Abbott's Conservative Party, however, had long favoured selling uranium, or yellow cake, to India. Days ahead of the visit, Abbott went to extent of saying if Australia was prepared to sell uranium to Russia, then "surely we ought to be prepared to provide uranium to India under suitable safeguards".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wilful defaulter tag a  powerful weapon : RajanNPA
(His comments come days after…)
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan has said the wilful defaulter tag is a powerful weapon in the hands of banks for resolving bad loans.
His comments come days after the state-run United Bank of India declared the industrialist Vijay Mallya as "wilful defaulter".
"The wilful defaulter tag is a powerful weapon in the hands of creditors for resolving distressed assets. It shuts out access to credit within the Indian financial system for a borrower," Rajan said without naming Mallya.
He was speaking at an event organised by American bank Citi at Boston last night. The comments come from a note circulated by the event organiser.
Mallya, whose Kingfisher Airlines owes money to several banks, had yesterday said he will challenge UBI's decision to declare him a willful defaulter.
Mallya is the chairman of United Breweries, producer of India's best-selling beer brand Kingfisher. He is also the chairman of United Spirits, now controlled by Diageo Plc.
Besides United Bank of India, Kingfisher owes about Rs 9,140 crore to about a dozen banks. Of them, IDBI Bank is considering declaring Mallya a willful defaulter and is serving out its 15-day notice period on non-payment of dues.
Kingfisher owes Rs 750 crore to IDBI Bank. Indian banks' gross NPAs touched 4.6 per cent in June 2014, according to the rating agency Icra.
Rajan said even though GNPAs and restructured assets are at 10 per cent of the total assets, there are some signs of this stress easing in the last few quarters as project approvals have been fast-tracked and levels of stalled projects have started to decline.
"The sectors which have been impacted the most could see NPAs easing as growth returns," he was quoted as saying.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi stresses on skill development in Teachers  Day addressSep 05, 2014, 09.36 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Modi stresses on skill development in Teachers' Day address
He kept his speech short but focused on the key aspects of education in the changing times.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Modi stresses on skill development in Teachers' Day address
He kept his speech short but focused on the key aspects of education in the changing times.
Post your opinion here
 
On Friday, September 5, the occasion of Teachers' Day, an auditorium in Delhi was packed full house with children from government schools across the city. The centre of attention was Prime Minister Narendra Modi who addressed the teachers and students across the nation through a live telecast and webcast.
He kept his speech short but focused on the key aspects of education in the changing times. He spoke about the need to promote skill development along with conferring degrees on students, the need to emphasize on cleanliness and saving our surroundings, the importance of education of the girl child, the use of technology in improving our lives and most importantly becoming better citizen who can contribute to the development of the country.
Children were enthused enough to ask the Prime Minister to share little anecdotes from his childhood, and the 63-year-old gleefully shared incidents where he and his friends would play pranks like stapling together the clothes of visitors at weddings, showing 'imlis' (tamarind) to shehnai players at weddings so that they would salivate and wouldn't be able to blow their horns.
But the PM kept the sensibility and the seriousness of the occasion alive. He advised the students on protecting their environment, respecting their teachers, keeping their curiosity alive and develop a reading habit.
"I don't want you to do grand things. It's the small things which are important. Remember to switch off the fan in your room when you leave. Remember to turn off the taps as you brush your teeth. Remember to keep your things tidy and in order. It is these small things which help build a clean nation," he said.
Modi had a wide audience, from students in Leh up north to Port Blair down south, with different questions on their mind.
A question from a student in Delhi on skill development prompted Modi to reply that it was amongst his government's top priorities.
"It has been given priority the world over. Education and degrees without skills mean nothing. That's why apart from personality development, every child should get the opportunity of skill development. We have so many educated youth but they are unskilled and hence, jobless. That's why skill development is of utmost importance," the PM said.
A girl student from Bastar in Chhattisgarh asked about his government's plan to promote education for girls in the Maoist-affected district. Modi praised the young girl for her courage and told her it was always at the top of his mind.
"There is an old saying that if a boy studies, only one person learns. But if we educate a girl, two families learn along with it. Women's education plays an important role in the nation's development. Why else do you think I have made girls' toilets a priority for my government? So that they stay back in school and learn. I have given much thought to this programme and its results will be seen soon. I am happy that you have asked me this question. It shows that you are thinking about girls' education in a place which is affected by Maoists," the PM said.
RELATED NEWS

Visva Bharati sexual assault: Women s panel monitoring medical careUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Kolkata: Social activists and members of the West Bengal Commission for Women Friday expressed satisfaction after reviewing arrangements for medical treatment of the woman student of Visva Bharati University who was allegedly sexually harassed by three students.
The girl, who hails from Sikkim, is undergoing treatment at the Burdwan Medical College and Hospital (BMCH) under the supervision of a team of experts specially constituted for her care.
"The doctor who is supervising her care is dependable and other psychologists, under him, are also looking after her. There is no lack of attention. We will be monitoring the situation," Commission chairperson Sunanda Mukherjee told the media after reviewing the situation.
The girl, who hails from Sikkim, is undergoing treatment at the Burdwan Medical College and Hospital (BMCH) under the supervision of a team of experts specially constituted for her care.
A Bengal court had last Sunday sent the three accused students to three days' police custody in connection with the alleged sexual harassment of the first year Fine Arts student in the last week of August.
The trio was arrested last Saturday and booked for criminal intimidation and outraging the modesty of a woman. The accused have claimed innocence.
The university, founded by Asia's first Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore in Bolpur town of Birbhum district, had suspended the three and lodged a police complaint following an internal probe into the incident.
The victim's father however accused a university official of offering him money to hush up the matter and not to approach police.
The women's commission has already taken cognizance of the incident and said it will seek the intervention of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

Rain disrupts PM s class on Teachers  DayUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Heavy rain in many parts of Delhi disrupted arrangements for listening to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech live in a number of government schools.
The rain began soon after Modi started his speech at the Manekshaw Centre from where it was telecast on Doordarshan.
The schools were asked to make arrangements to witness the live telecast and subsequent interaction with students.
Heavy rain in many parts of Delhi disrupted arrangements for listening to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech live in a number of government schools.
Modi's speech started at 3:15 p.m. and lasted over an hour. The rain, which began at the same time continued for at least two hours.
"Our teachers asked us to go back home and watch the whole speech as the rain started because the arrangements were made in an open lawn with no shed," Kaushik, a class 7 student of a Sarvodaya Vidyalaya, said.
Students at a municipal school located in east Delhi could not manage to watch the telecast due to the heavy downpour.
"The rain was so heavy that we could not arrange it in the open. The classes are small and to accommodate the large number of students was impossible," said a teacher of the school.
The school had earlier approached a local cable operator to arrange for a TV set.
Meanwhile, a few schools had a good number of students who were full of enthusiasm while hearing the prime minister.

Drivers must slowly negotiate crossroads: Delhi courtUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: A court has said that drivers must slow down as they negotiate crossroads as it upheld the three-month jail term of a man convicted for killing one by his rash and negligent driving.
"It is duty of the driver of a motor vehicle to negotiate a crossroad at a slow speed and to notice any other vehicle passing," said Additional Sessions Judge Gautam Manan in his order delivered on Thursday but made available on Friday.
The court's remarks came while upholding three months jail term awarded to Shivdesh alias Shiv Kumar by a magisterial court November 2013. He has challenged the order.
Drivers must slow down as they negotiate crossroads as it upheld the three-month jail term of a man convicted for his rash driving.
According to prosecution, on April 16, 2010, Shivdesh was driving a car in rash and negligent manner at KM Chowk in sector 11-12 of Dwarka in south Delhi and hit a scooter being driven by Yoginder Singh. Singh succumbed to injuries.
Shivdesh told the court that the scooter was driven by Singh at a high speed, but the court noted that the testimony of witness and skid marks on the road went on to show that it was Shivdesh who was driving at a high speed at a crossroad.
"The fact of the case goes to show otherwise and demonstrates the rashness and negligence of the appellant while driving the offending vehicle which has resulted into the death of an innocent citizen," the court said.

I am under fire from all sides: CBI Director Ranjit SinhaI am under fire from all sides: CBI Director Ranjit Sinha
CAMS launches mobility enabled technology solution for MFCAMS launches mobility enabled technology solution for MF
Implementation of key norms on pesticide use in tea plants put offImplementation of key norms on pesticide use in tea plants put off
Our Bureau
Other norms to come into immediate effect
Chennai, September 5:  
Key provisions of a law that came into effect on September 1 to cut the use of pesticides in tea estates has been put off to January 1.
The Tea Board, in a circular, said that other provisions of the law on plant protection code will come into immediate effect.
The provisions whose implementation has been put off include norms stipulating that water used for spraying should be on the recommendations of tea research institutes; undertaking by estates that each consignment leaving a unit should have declaration from the manager that only recommended plant protection formulations have been used; and a declaration that no chemical that is banned in the country has been used.
The plant protection code, notified in March, spells out norms of how chemicals will be used safely in tea cultivation. The objective is to minimise the use of pesticide and ensure sustainability through good agricultural practices. The Tea Board had issued a directive on the code in March, exercising powers it draws under the Tea Marketing (Control) Order, 2003.
The code is also aimed at addressing issues of pesticide residue being raised by importing nations.
The code has been developed by a technical panel consisting of members from the Indian tea industry, tea research institute of UPASI Tea Research Foundation, the Tea Research Association, international certification bodies and the Trustea advisory committee.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

95% of sowing complete in Gujarat; 23% rain deficit95% of sowing complete in Gujarat; 23% rain deficit
Virendra Pandit
82.58 lakh ha land sown, opposed to average of 86.8 lakh ha
Gandhinagar, September 5:  
Average rain deficit declined to 23 per cent in Gujarat and 95 per cent of the sowing completed with the State receiving copious rains last week.
According to the latest statistics from the State Agriculture Department, against the 86.80 lakh hectares of average normal sowing acreage over the last three years, sowing has been completed on 82.58 lakh hectares.
The Saurashtra and Kutch regions of Gujarat have already received nearly 95 per cent of their average normal annual rainfall while other parts of the state have received 75 per cent.
Since August 31, Kutch received 22 per cent of its total annual rains. The weather department has predicted a fresh spell of downpour from September 10, which is expected to wipe out water deficit this year. In fact, September is expected to see more rains than previous months.
Taking advantage of delayed but bountiful rains, farmers have sown cotton on 30 lakh hectares (lh) against last year’s 26.87 lh, groundnut on 12.24 lh (16.60 lh), paddy on 7.53 lh (7.85 lh), maize on 3.16 lh (3.42 lh), tur on 2.11 lh (2.24 lh), guarseed on 2.84 lh (4.69 lh) and vegetables on 1.82 lh (1.97 lh).
Delayed rains also warded off fears of fodder shortage for cattle as fodder acreage has increased from 9.03 lh to 10.21 lh so far.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Oilmeal exports drop 58% in August on lower soyameal shipmentsOilmeal exports drop 58% in August on lower soyameal shipments
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, September 5:  
Oilmeal exports dropped 58 per cent in August to 1,33,404 tonnes against 3,17,161 tonnes in same period a year ago, largely due to lower crushing of soyabean due to high prices.
In last five months, the rise in soyabean prices has led to disparity in prices of soyameal in the international market. However, rapeseed meal export increased 43 per cent to 5,13,785 tonnes in last five months, making up for the dip in soyameal shipments.
Between April and August, oilmeal export was down 36 per cent at 8,64,929 tonnes against 13,55,980 tonnes in the same period a year ago.
Export to South Korea was marginally higher at 4,16,918 tonnes (4,16,043 tonnes) in the last five months.
South Korea imports consist of 2,30,539 tonnes of rapeseed meal, 1,84,832 tonnes of castor meal and 1,547 tonnes of soyameal.
Shipments to Iran dipped sharply to 1,27,182 tonnes (4,72,361 tonnes) including 35,500 tonnes of soyameal and 91,682 tonnes of rapeseed meal.
Thailand and Vietnam imported of 93,542 tonnes (97,728 tonnes) and 65,630 tonnes (63,266 tonnes), respectively. Import by Taiwan, Indonesia and Europe fell sharply.
Soyameal prices were down at $616 a tonne against $652 in July, while rapeseed meal dipped to $229 a tonne ($251). Export from Kandla accounted for 75 per cent at 651,831 tonnes, followed by Mumbai which handled 98,115 tonnes, Bedi and Mundra handled 32,197 tonnes and 45,812 tonnes.
Shipments from Kolkata were at 36,910 tonnes.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Govt sees scope for private firms in dairy sectorGovt sees scope for private firms in dairy sector
Our Bureau
Invites proposals in cattle breeding, vaccines production
New Delhi, September 5:  
With the aim of increasing milk productivity to meet an estimated demand of 200 million tonnes by 2021-22, the Government sees a bigger role for the private sector in the dairy industry and has identified areas for public-private partnerships (PPPs).
“For us, the private sector is as important as the cooperative sector,” said Rajni Sibal, Joint Secretary, Department of Animal Husbandry, Dairying & Fisheries, at an event on ‘Dairy Vision 2015’, hosted by the Confederation of Indian Industry.
The areas where the Government sees a potential for PPPs are setting up veterinary hospitals and colleges, semen stations for cattle breeding, production of vaccines, drugs and nutraceuticals, cattle feed and fodder seed plants, automated dairy farms, milking and testing machines, cold chain infrastructure, providing milk cans and tankers, among others.
Sibal said the Government believed in ‘minimal intervention’ in the country’s dairy trade, which was one reason why exports had been rising.
In an earlier session, Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said to encourage breeding of desi cows and reducing dependence on foreign and hybrid cows, the Government will set up national breeding centres. “In two months, one National Kamadhenu Centre each will be set up in North and South India. Land is being identified for this purpose,” he added.
T Nandakumar, Chairman, National Dairy Development Board, called for taking the ‘white revolution’ to the eastern part of India. “The region has more water resources and is conducive to fodder production. Moreover, there are poverty issues that need to be addressed.”
Nandakumar said one of the biggest challenges for increasing milk yield was availability of good quality fodder, and called for efforts to make fodder production a commercial activity in India.
He also noted that ‘feminisation’ of agriculture was most visible in the dairy industry, but benefits were not flowing to over four million women involved in the sector.
Daljeet Singh, President, Progressive Farmers Dairy Association, said the farmer needed to be given incentives, such as minimum support price, to stick to dairying. “Unless a farmer is able to save something for himself, he will not go for commercial farming,” he added. To raise milk productivity, experts also suggested genetic improvement of animals, import of quality semen, as well as a clear policy on dry animals among others.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

PM interacts with students on Teachers  Day  says girl education top priority'Taskmaster' PM Modi plays the role of headmaster
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 14:57 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:57 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi turned teacher for a day on Friday, chatting with an auditorium full of schoolchildren and teachers, sharing his vision of education and, through it, nation building, and making them smile with anecdotes from his childhood.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union minister Smriti Irani at the informal interation with teachers. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @PMOIndia)
He also took questions from the 1,000 Delhi students who had packed the Manekshaw Centre for the Teachers’ Day programme and from many more across the country who’d tuned in via video conference.
Read: Three cheers ring out for ‘Modi Sir’ in UP madrasas
“Your style conveys the image of a headmaster. Are you tough like a headmaster or are you sweet,” asked a girl in the crowd. “I am a taskmaster. I work hard and extract hard work from others,” the PM replied as millions of students watched him on TV in their schools and homes.
 
Most schools in the Capital, and elsewhere in the country, had made it mandatory for students to be present for the live broadcast of the PM’s speech.
Watch: Best of PM Modi's Teacher's Day speech
Modi exhorted students to become responsible citizens, wondered why they weren’t interested in becoming teachers, thought aloud about India becoming a country that exports teachers. Urging the young to work and play, he said, “You should play and sweat a lot, at least four times a day. Promise you will do it.” He added, “Keep the child in you alive.”
Asked if he’d played pranks as a boy, the PM spoke about tempting shehnai players with tamarind to make their mouth water and stapling the clothes of couples at weddings.
When a boy from Imphal asked him what he had to do to become PM, he responded, “Start preparing for the 2024 elections… at least till then I am safe.” 
A teacher should not discriminate. All children belong to the teacher. And every child has some talents: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 5, 2014
Going back to a recurring theme, he spoke of the importance of educating girls, and building toilets for them in schools to stop them from dropping out. To a student from Port Blair, he said, “Serving the nation does not only mean doing grand things. Doing small things is a big service too. Remember to switch off the fan in your room when you leave, to turn off the taps as you brush your teeth, to keep your things tidy. It is these small things that help build a clean nation.”
When a visually impaired girl asked if he had ever thought he would one day become prime minister, he said, “I never even contested the election to become class monitor.”

No face to project in state poll  BJP to fall back on Modi for victoryBJP falls back on Modi wave for assembly polls
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 20:50 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:44 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
The BJP will fall back on its most trusted face – Prime Minister Narendra Modi – to win the assembly election in four states. Haryana, Maharashtra, Jharkhand and Jammu & Kashmir will go to poll soon and the party has decided not to project a face in these states.
Party’s headquarters here is flooded with request from election-bound states for a Modi-centric campaign in their territory to blunt the opposition’s criticism about BJP’s failure to pick up its leader.
Factionalism and lack of a leader having pan-state acceptance in these four are the two driving reasons behind party’s decisions not to project a face. There are too many claimants in Haryana – none of them is a mass leader – while the party does not want to antagonise the tribal– nearly 23 % of state’s population – by projecting a non-tribal as its pre-poll face. BJP’s lost in Gopinath Munde its potential CM candidate for Maharashtra while there is a lack of a leader with state wide appeal in J&K
 “Haryana leaders who met election in-charge Kailash Vijayavargiya, a minister in Madhya Pradesh, here on Thursday suggested that Modi centric campaign should be launched. Jharkhand leaders too want Modi to extensively tour the tribal state during the poll. Modi’s charisma is still at work,” a senior BJP leader told HT. The BJP is going alone in these two states, currently ruled by the Congress or an alliance of which it is a part.
BJP chief Amit Shah has flagged off party’s Sankalp Yatra from Mahendragarh in Haryana on August 14 and will address a wormers’ rally in Ranchi on September 8.
Even in Maharashtra, where the BJP has a tie-up with Shiv Sena, the two have decided to keep the CM candidate issue on the backburner for a while. BJP’s CM aspirant Gopinath Munde is no more and Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray – who was initially projected as the CM candidate by his party – isn’t insisting on his projection.  
“The leadership issue is not coming up before polls. We want to first complete the seat sharing talks,” another BJP leader involved with Maharashtra affairs said. Maharashtra has 288 assembly seats which the BJP and the Shiv Sena share in 119:169 ratio. Shah visited Mumbai on Thursday and even had a meeting with Thackeray at his residence.  
BJP’s real challenge is in Jammu and Kashmir where it has a base in Jammu region (37 seats) and Laddkah (4 seats), but is yet to leave footprints in the valley (46 seats). 

Alibaba IPO gets closer to realityBy: Matt Krantz and Jessica Guynn September 5, 2014 11:57 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The Chinese Internet company Alibaba disclosed terms of its massive upcoming IPO, putting the wheels in motion for it to launch its “roadshow” next week and woo investors in a deal expected to start trading Sept. 19 or shortly thereafter.
After much anticipation, Alibaba Friday filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission its prospectus giving investors the first look at the company’s valuation and expected price range for its shares.
According to the documents, Alibaba is expected to raise more than $20 billion making it the biggest U.S. ever, says Renaissance Capital, the IPO exchange-traded fund manager.
This is just the first in what will be a number of steps before the stock actually starts to trade. Now that the initial deal terms are set, it usually takes two to three weeks afterwards for trading to begin, which would put the launch of trading as early as Sept. 19 but as late as the week of Sept. 22, Renaissance says.
The initial price range of the shares will be set between $60 and $66 a share, according to the filing . Including stock sold by insiders, Alibaba is to sell 320.1 million shares. That means $20.1 billion will be raised from the offering. The company itself is selling 123 million shares. The initial price range of an IPO can be adjusted higher or lower as market conditions change and investment bankers have an opportunity to measure investor interest.
The company says it will have roughly 2.5 billion shares outstanding following the IPO, including shares issued in connection to options and restricted stock units. That means the company would have roughly a $160 billion valuation at the midpoint of the IPO offering range. At that valuation, the company would be the 24th most valuable company in the Standard & Poor’s 500, just behind Bank of America at $161 billion and ahead of Amazon.com at $159 billion.
Big insiders and investors will also be selling in the deal. Struggling online portal Yahoo (YHOO) , which was an early investor in Alibaba, plans to sell 121 million of its 524 million shares in the deal. That would raise $7.6 billion for the company, a tidal-sized cash infusion for the company which has $2.7 billion in cash and equivalents. The value of Yahoo’s 524 million Alibaba shares is $33 billion, which is 84% of Yahoo’s total market value of $39 billion.
But in what appears to be somewhat of a vote of confidence in Alibaba’s future, the biggest outside investor, Japan’s SoftBank is not planning to sell any of its 797.7 million shares in the IPO. SoftBank owns roughly a third of Alibaba.
The road show is the series of meetings between the company and prospective investors. Company management meets with large institutions — such as pension funds and mutual funds — to go over the company’s financials, prospects and opportunities. Alibaba’s massive global roadshow — spanning North America, Asia and Europe — is pivotal since the company is poorly understood outside of Asia, says Max Wolff, chief economist at Manhattan Venture Partners. “Alibaba is a behemoth in China but is relatively less well known in the U.S.,” he says.
Alibaba is a Chinese-based Internet business that operates everything from behind-the-scenes, business-to-business e-commerce capabilities to retail services. Few if any U.S. consumers interact with the service personally, so professionals don’t expect the same level of interest in this deal as was seen in the IPOs of Facebook and Twitter.
But the sheer size of the offering makes it impossible for the professional investors to ignore. If Alibaba raises north of $20 billion, that would make it the largest U.S. IPO in history, topping the $17.9 billion raised from the IPO of payment processing company Visa in March 2008, Renaissance says.
The exact timing on the roadshow and the pricing of the deal remains fluid. Sam Hamadeh at private company tracking firm Privco expects the roadshow to start Sunday, which is Monday in Asia. The roadshow will happen on three continents, Europe, North America and Asia, at the same time, he says.
The roadshow’s first stop will be Hong Kong on Monday morning, Hamadeh expects, then moving to Singapore. Next up will be Europe, where Alibaba will meet with investors in the afternoon of the 9th, Hamadeh says. CEO and founder Jack Ma will personally meet with the largest European investors since they are expected to be pivotal to the success of the deal, Hamadeh says.
Finally, Alibaba’s management team will head to New York for a lunchtime meeting on Sept. 10, Hamadeh says. Due to the expected high level of interest, smaller investors will be asked to go to the roadshows scheduled after the New York meeting in Boston, Philadelphia or Baltimore, Hamadeh says. These cities are home of many of the giant U.S. mutual funds.
On Thursday, the show moves to the Midwest, Kansas City, and then Denver on Thursday. Finally the road show moves to Silicon Valley with breakfast and lunch meetings scheduled there, Hamadeh says.
But again, such IPO timetables can be very loose and subject to change. Investors need to be flexible until the deal nears and more concrete information is known.
Alibaba’s management will need to use the roadshow to better educate investors outside of Asia. “This is a a somewhat opaque company that is very large, not well known, complicated and Chinese. So you have to do a lot of messaging and education to get everyone ready,” Wolff says.
Below are the five largest U.S. IPOs in terms of dollars raised:
Source: Renaissance Capital via Microsoft Excel
Company

NATO Looks to Counter Growing ISIS ThreatSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Tornadoes Possible as Storms Target Midwest
EXPLORE.org: Bird Cams - Osprey
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Watch Out For Scams Tied to Fake Nude Celeb Photoswatch out for scams tied to fake nude celeb photos
Schools in nearby areas will enhance girl s educationSchools in nearby areas will enhance girl s education
Australia returns Chola period Nataraja  ArdhanariswaraAustralia returns Chola period Nataraja  Ardhanariswara
BJP appears inclined to form govt in DelhiBJP appears inclined to form govt in Delhi
Retreat from globalisationSeptember 4, 2014 5:46 pm
The world is marching back from globalisation
By Philip Stephens
The US does not see a vital national interest in upholding an order that shifts power to rivals
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8fbed9de-3380-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Problem Solver: Potbelly table umbrella hits driver s...Chicago Tribune yourproblem @tribune.com
WYP_Tribune The oracle who speaks ill of the Packers is yours truly...A German correspondent takes on football, Bears style http://t.co/hefPlaDOmF
Potbelly
Customers exit the Potbelly location at 200 S. Michigan Ave.
Customers exit the Potbelly location at 200 S. Michigan Ave. (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune)
Potbelly passer-by gets a startling surprise
A different kind of wreck: Potbelly umbrella flies into car
Did car damage fall under Potbelly insurer's umbrella?
It was a windy day, but not in a "Wizard of Oz" sort of way.
Paul Stone thought nothing of it as he drove his month-old Chevrolet Equinox past the Potbelly restaurant on Clinton Avenue on the Near West Side.
He didn't see the large outdoor table umbrella hurtling toward his car until it was too late.
"I was so stunned and so startled," Stone said of the July 8 incident. "I was speechless."
The umbrella, carried aloft by a gust of wind, smacked into the Chevy, scratching the passenger-side door and damaging the rear liftgate.
Stone pulled over.
"The manager came out and said, 'I'm sorry, I don't know what to say,'" Stone recalled. "He said, 'We'll take care of it.'"
Stone had the manager draw up and sign a handwritten note that read, "On July 8 at 1:40 p.m., one of my outside umbrella(s) blew into a car driving and caused rear end damage."
The manager then took Stone's information, and promised to submit a claim with Potbelly's insurance company.

After Nude Photo Hack  Should Cloud Users Be WorriedAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

ISIS Beheads Another American Journalistreddit
The militant Islamic State group released a video on Tuesday in which it beheaded the captured American journalist Steven Sotloff.
The SITE Intelligence Group was the first to alert the world of the horrific video's existence. On Wednesday morning, American intelligence officials confirmed that the video was authentic.
(Warning: disturbing image below)
In the video, which lasts for just under three minutes, Sotloff is showing kneeling before an ISIS militant who holds a knife. He makes a statement denouncing American foreign policy, as does the militant. After seemingly killing Sotloff, the militant then threatens the life of David Haines, a British citizen. The Washington Post said Haines is an aid worker who was kidnapped in March 2013.
The video is chillingly similar in tone and content to the one which showed the beheading of James Foley , another American journalist, in Syria two weeks ago. In that video, militants threatened to murder Sotloff next if the US bombing of ISIS targets in Iraq continued. The man shown apparently beheading Sotloff warns that the killings will continue, saying,  "Just as your missiles continue to strike our people, our knife will continue to strike the necks of your people."
It had initially been thought that Sotloff was killed at the same time as Foley, but his appearance in the video, as well as references made to events which occurred after Foley's murder, made it difficult to pin down precisely when the recording was made.
ISIS is believed to be holding several more journalists in captivity, most of them local Syrian reporters.
Sotloff, 31, was kidnapped in 2013 while reporting on the bloody civil war in Syria. He had been a freelancer for outlets such as Time magazine and Foreign Policy .
Time editor Nancy Gibbs praised Sotloff's work in a statement on Tuesday. “Steven was a valued contributor to Time and other news organizations, and he gave his life so readers would have access to information from some of the most dangerous places in the world," she said.
In a recent profile, friends of Sotloff's told the New York Times that he was a "selfless," "loyal" and "caring" person.
Last week, his mother, Shirley, recorded a video intended for ISIS. She pleaded with the group to be "merciful" towards her son.
On Tuesday, a spokesman for the Sotloff family said, “The family knows of this horrific tragedy and is grieving privately. There will be no public comment from the family during this difficult time.”
White House press secretary Josh Earnest was in the middle of his daily briefing with journalists when the news of Sotloff's killing broke. He said that the Obama administration would work to confirm the authenticity of the video, adding, "Our thoughts and prayers are with Mr. Sotloff and Mr. Sotloff's family."
Later, the National Security Council issued a statement saying that the intelligence community was moving "as quickly as possible" to determine the video's authenticity.
"If genuine, we are appalled by the brutal murder of an innocent American journalist and we express our deepest condolences to his family and friends," the statement continued.
The video was condemned internationally as well, with British prime minister David Cameron calling the beheading of Sotloff "an absolutely disgusting, despicable act."
And journalists around the world mourned Sotloff's death .
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story indicated that British prime minister David Cameron commented on the beheading of Foley, when his remarks were regarding Sotloff.
More:

Delhi Assembly poll: whats holding BJP backThe party is not keen on Arvind Kejriwal becoming the Leader of Opposition
New Delhi, September 3:  
There have allegations that the BJP is working to uproot the AAP from its stronghold in Delhi by consistently targeting its restive MLAs with promises of positions in government formation.
A recent disclosure by AAP leader Kumar Vishwas about the BJP promising him the Chief Minister’s post in Delhi is part of the BJP’s plans to keep up efforts to create rifts within AAP, it has been reported.
In reality, BJP sources told BusinessLine, the party has no intension of attempting to form a government in the Capital.
Significantly, the main deterrence in the way of a BJP government in Delhi is the possibility of Arvind Kejriwal becoming Leader of Opposition. The BJP believes it will resuscitate the AAP.
“Yeh Kejriwal toh aasman mein thookne wala aadmi hai. Sarakar bana ke isko LOP banane ka mauka nahin denge (Kejriwal is a man who spits at the sky. Why give him the platform to do it by appointing him LOP?)” remarked a BJP leader.
Keeping up morale
A good reason for the party to appear to be interested in forming a government in Delhi is to keep up the morale of its own MLAs.
Besides, it also gives Lt Governor Najeeb Jung adequate reason to keep the Assembly in suspended animation.
At the same time, it does not suit the BJP to hold elections immediately. President’s rule is thus expected to continue in Delhi till January 2015, which is when the party deems it favourable to hold elections.
“Our performance is certainly going to improve in Maharashtra and Haryana Assembly elections. We will do very well in Jammu region in the J&K Assembly polls. After the upcoming Assembly elections are over, the political climate will be very favourable for us to hold elections in Delhi,” said a BJP source.
BJP, along with its ally Akali Dal’s one MLA, had won 32 seats in the 70-member Assembly in the polls held in December 2013.
The number of BJP MLAs has come down to 28 as three party legislators — Harsh Vardhan, Ramesh Bidhuri and Pervesh Verma — resigned from their seats after having been elected to the Lok Sabha.
Chief Minister candidate
Though Harsh Vardhan won from the Chandni Chowk seat and is now Minister for Health and Family Welfare in the Union Cabinet, he is still the most favoured person in the faction-ridden unit of Delhi BJP to lead the party in the next Assembly elections. He was the BJP’s chief ministerial candidate in the last Assembly elections as well.
(This article was published on September 3, 2014)

Man Survives ISIS Massacre Of Military RecruitsCopyright ©2014 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Part of HPMG News
Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story.
Notify message

Women Entrepreneurs: Stop Being Nice!reddit
I have been an entrepreneur for 16 years and I am JUST starting to learn not to be so nice. I know what you may be thinking. I have used a provocative title to draw you in to read my post.  But, I am absolutely serious about the idea of being too nice.
I'm about to generalize, so please bare with me. I have not only been a long-time woman business owner, but I am also currently the President of the Baltimore Chapter of NAWBO (The National Association of Women Business Owners).
I have observed many women entrepreneurs stepping aside politely to the competition, devaluing their worth and brain power, as well as not even asking for the business because they might actually look too aggressive.
Why do we do this? Why are we holding ourselves back? I think  the answer is not a simple one. The way we are raised has a big influence on this. Our parents told us to act "like a lady" and to "smile and be polite." Many of us also received messages to build our confidence as well. However, it is the expectations of how we were supposed to "act" which I believe has been ingrained inside of us.
I have observed that my male counterparts do not have hesitations on what their value may be, including the value of their knowledge. Women tend to give this knowledge and experience away for free. Men also are not shy about asking for the business. In their minds, why wouldn't you ask for it? That is a questions that I have to ask myself a lot. Why wouldn't we want to actually help a client by our service or product?
I am asking all of my fellow women entrepreneurs to just stop! Stop devaluing yourself, stop stepping aside and stop being so nice! We can still be paid our value while asking for the business -- with a smile of course.
Follow Kathleen Dorsey on Twitter: www.twitter.com/globalseoexpert
More:

Amazon  U.S. mail test grocery deliveries around San FranciscoAmazon, U.S. mail test grocery deliveries around San Francisco
Amazon delivery
Rick Wilking / Reuters
Two freshly delivered Amazon boxes are seen on a counter in Golden, Colorado
Two freshly delivered Amazon boxes are seen on a counter in Golden, Colorado (Rick Wilking / Reuters)
Amazon.com Inc. U.S. Postal Service
Amazon, U.S. mail test grocery deliveries around San Francisco
Amazon.com Inc has begun using the U.S. Postal Service to deliver groceries on a trial basis in the San Francisco area, in a potential boost for the online retailer's fledgling but gradually expanding "AmazonFresh" service.
The postal service began a 60-day trial in the first week of August, shipping small grocery parcels in insulated bags right to buyers' doorsteps between 3am and 7am in the morning, where demand for delivery is generally at its lowest.

Andrea Peterson and Jason MillmanThe Apple Watch is the first new line of devices for the company since co-founder Steve Jobs died in 2011.
Sep 9, 2014
The company is also targeting the credit card system, integrating a mobile payment system.
Sep 9, 2014
Every part of Destiny is designed to be better with your friends.
Sep 9, 2014
Apple’s expected to follow it its competitors footsteps and release at least one phone, perhaps two, with a larger screen.
Sep 9, 2014
To upgrade or not to upgrade? First, ask yourself these questions.
Sep 8, 2014
‘Curb’ has some problems to work out, though, when it comes to the availability of drivers.
Sep 5, 2014
Tipbit allows users to search for e-mails by date range and links e-mail to calendars and contacts.
Sep 5, 2014
Join The Switch team to discuss everything from the latest political tech news to the gadgets you’re eyeing.
Sep 5, 2014
Load More
About
Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. A Minnesota native, she joined The Post in 2010 after completing her master's degree in journalism. She lives in Washington, D.C., where she sings alto with a local choir and plays video games in her copious free time.
Most Read

Detroit CFO sees tough climb to reach revenue targets0
Hold-out creditors remain, including Syncora Guarantee Inc and Financial Guaranty Insurance Co, which backed payments on $1.4 billion of pension debt and are facing recoveries of just 10 cents on the dollar or nothing if the city succeeds in voiding the debt all together. Both bond insurers have argued the plan short changes them while allowing fatter recoveries for others, including the city's retired workers.
The city would spend the $1.7 billion to eradicate blighted buildings, improve public safety services, update information technology and address other neglected areas.
Moore said the initiatives are expected to boost city revenue by $483 million and cut costs by $358 million through mid-2023. That would leave about $877 million to be covered by debt reductions and other funding sources in the city's plan.
While the confirmation hearing on the plan is scheduled to last through Oct. 17, its first four days were consumed by opening statements from plan supporters and opponents, leaving time for testimony from only two witnesses: Moore and Detroit Chief Financial Officer John Hill. Moore is due back on the stand on Monday for continued cross examination.
Detroit had submitted a list of 26 witnesses, including Kevyn Orr, Detroit's state-appointed emergency manager, and the city's mayor, Mike Duggan. One of the city's lawyers has said Detroit may not finish laying out its case until the first week in October.
Judge Steven Rhodes, who is overseeing the case, has allocated each side 85 hours to present their cases.
On Friday, a sealed order was filed in the case, meaning its contents were not publicly disclosed. Previous sealed orders dealt with mediation matters and the judge's bus tour of Detroit.
Hill wrapped up his testimony earlier on Friday with questions from the judge. Hill said that while the plan will not be easy to implement, Detroit has to maintain a "crisis mentality" to ensure it continues to move forward.
An oversight commission that would be created for Detroit once it leaves bankruptcy should include business professionals who will not hesitate to act, he added.
"I believe that pressure will help keep things on track."
(Additional reporting by Lisa Lambert in Washington; editing by Matthew Lewis)

Esurance picture of lewd billboard was photoshopped0
Brandt, who said in an email he had been away from social media for a few days, said the doctored photo – which took about 30 seconds to alter – was the last thing he posted before bed Tuesday night. He said he didn’t notice the picture was getting so much attention until co-workers began sharing articles about the photo on social media.
“My initial reaction was to be upset for not receiving credit, but then I realized that it was most likely not a malicious or plagiaristic act,” he said in an email response.
He added that it was “unsettling” people found it so amusing and that some were even demanding an apology from Esurance. He also was surprised media outlets reported on the photo.
“After you Photoshop something and have it end up [in the media], the slightest trust that you still had in the media is now lost,” he said.
The photo gained attention on social media after Brandt's pal Sharlene King (@typodactyl) shared it on Wednesday thinking it was real, and received more than 1,500 retweets. Reached by phone Thursday, King said she found the photo on Brandt’s  Instagram  account and shared it for fun, chiding the official Esurance twitter account (@esurance) that it should be careful with its “kerning” – a typographical term for the spacing between letters. 
“I guess I should have known with the Internet, everyone loves a good dick joke,” she said of the attention the tweet received. Several media outlets,  including sports blog Deadspin  and  RedEye , called attention to the tweet.
Esurance’s official Twitter account on Wednesday responded to King’s tweet, saying “all affected” billboards have been removed. However, Miller said the tweet was referencing a separate issue. That had to do with concerns the sign at Randolph and Canal as well as four others in Chicago could be read “differently” if viewed from afar. That prompted the company to remove all five signs in late July. 
Want more? Discuss this article and others on RedEye's Facebook page . 

Chinese developers borrow at record paceSeptember 5, 2014 7:52 am
Chinese property developers borrow at record pace
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/49bcd7c8-34ad-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Madras HC allows SCV to continue to distribute TV channelsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Kal Cables can continue to distribute TV channels, rules Madras High Court
Our Bureau
Tweet
Justice V Ramasubramanian, in his ruling has set aside the order of the Union Information and Broadcasting Ministry cancelling the licence of multi-system operator Kal Cables (owner of SCV), on the grounds that the MSO was not given ‘security clearance’ by the Union Home Ministry.
Sets aside Broadcasting Ministry’s order of licence cancellation
Chennai, Sept 5:  
Cable TV distributor Sumangali Cable Vision can continue to distribute TV channels to its subscribers ruled the Madras High Court today.
Justice V Ramasubramanian in his ruling has set aside the order of the Union Information and Broadcasting Ministry cancelling its licence to the multi system operator (MSO) Kal Cables (owner of SCV) on the grounds that the Union Home Ministry has not given itsecurity clearance.
“I hold that the impugned orders are liable to be set aside. Accordingly, the writ petitions are allowed and the impugned orders are set aside,” he said.
The Judge said Kal Cables is only a last-mile operator. If the licence were to be cancelled for security reasons as cited in the I&B Ministry’s report, it is the licence of the broadcaster of TV channels that should be cancelled and not that of a distributor.
He, however, allowed the liberty to the Ministry to issue a fresh notice, if so desired, after giving an opportunity to Kal Cables to present its case. Principles of natural justice should have been followed, and Kal Cables should have been given a show cause notice and an opportunity to present its case, Justice Ramasubramanian said. “However, this Order will not preclude the Central Government from taking any action in accordance with law, if on the basis of information available with them, (if) it is of the opinion that any action is to be initiated either against the petitioner (Kal Cables) and or against the television channels which form part of the same group and or about the manner in which permission was granted to the petitioner to be a Multi System Operator on September 30, 2006, when one of the promoters was the Union Minister and or about the circumstances under which the file relating the permission granted to the petitioner was kept back for seven years from 2006 till 2013 without being forwarded to the Ministry of Affairs,” he said in the Order adding, “In the file produced by the Ministry of Home Affairs to the Court (on Tuesday) conclude that there are no adverse reports against the Directors/key executives of the petitioner company, from the security point of view.”
Earlier, the I&B Ministry had issued an order dated August 20 to Kal Cables cancelling its licences in view of denial of security clearance by the Ministry of Home Affairs for registration as an MSO, and asked the company to shut down its services in 15 days. Kal Cables operates largely in Chennai with a subscriber base of around 10 lakh.
The company is owned by Mallika Maran, wife of former Union Minister Murasoli Maran, who owns 75 per cent stake in the company, and DK Enterprises which owns the remaining 25 per cent stake.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

US job creation set to accelerate© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1945b71e-34e8-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Markets take Scotland debate seriouslySeptember 5, 2014 12:39 pm
Watch out for ‘tail risk’ in Scotland
By Andrew Bolger and Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3986b3ce-3453-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Economy creates only 142 000 jobs in AugustEconomy creates 142,000 jobs in August, jobless rate at 6.1%
U.S. add 142K jobs, August unemployment rate 6.1%
The U.S. economy added a lower than expected 142,000 jobs.
The U.S. economy added a lower than expected 142,000 jobs.
Reuters
Unemployment and Layoffs Job Reports and Statistics Job Market Finance Economy
Surprise: Economy creates just 142,000 jobs in August
U.S. employers hired the fewest number of workers in eight months in August and more Americans gave up the hunt for jobs, providing a cautious Federal Reserve with more reasons to wait longer before raising interest rates.
Nonfarm payrolls increased 142,000 last month, the Labor Department said on Friday. The unemployment rate fell one-tenth of a percentage point to 6.1 percent as people dropped out of the labor force.
Chart: U.S. unemployment rate, change in non-farm payrolls Read the story
June and July data were revised to show 28,000 fewer jobs created than previously reported. In addition, manufacturing saw no job growth and retail payrolls declined for the first time since February.
“Clearly its disappointing, but the preponderance of evidence is that the economy is still gaining a lot of traction,” said Russell T. Price, senior economist at Ameriprise Financial in Troy, Michigan.
U.S. stock index futures pared losses on the data as traders reduced bets for an early interest rate increase. U.S. Treasury debt yields fell to session lows and the dollar fell against a basket of currencies.
8
Interest rate futures, which had been pointing to a likely rate hike in June of next year, rose to suggest less of a chance. However, they still showed dealers expect the Fed to bump up borrowing costs in July.
Economists had expected payrolls to increase 225,000 in August and the unemployment rate to fall to 6.1 percent.
The surprise slowdown in job growth is at odds with labor market indicators such as first-time applications for unemployment benefits, which are hovering near their pre-recession levels.
In addition, manufacturing and service sector surveys showed strong employment growth in August and household perceptions of the labor market brightened significantly, which economists said were consistent with tightening conditions.
Some economists had cautioned that payrolls could miss expectations, noting that August is a generally weak month because of problems adjusting the data for seasonal variations.
The trend in the past has been for the government to revise August payrolls higher.
NUMBER OF LONG-TERM UNEMPLOYED EASES
Fed Chair Janet Yellen is concerned about sluggish wage growth, the still-elevated numbers of Americans working part-time even though they want full-time employment, and Americans still suffering from a long spell of joblessness.
@jhanzel - Year 6 of the Wreckcovery. A broken clock is eventually right
Barry3
6
The U.S. central bank has pointed to these metrics as evidence of “significant underutilization” of labor market resources that merits a stimulative monetary policy.
The labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.8 percent in August from 62.9 percent in July.
But the other metrics on Yellen's so-called dashboard showed improvement in August.
A broad measure of joblessness that includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment fell to 12.0 percent, the lowest level since October 2009, from 12.2 percent in July.
The number of long-term unemployed Americans was the lowest since January 2009 and there was a decline in those working part-time for economic reasons.
Average hourly earnings rose 6 cents in August, which left them up 2.1 percent from a year ago.
The jobs data comes ahead of a Fed policy meeting on Sept. 16-17. The central bank has kept benchmark lending rates near zero since December 2008 and financial markets do not foresee an increase until around the middle of next year.
The private sector accounted for the bulk of the increase in payrolls in August, advancing 134,000 after rising 213,000 in July. Government employment increased 8,000 as state governments hired teachers at the start of the new school year.
Manufacturing payrolls were the weakest in a year. The sector had added a hefty 28,000 jobs in July, which reflected a decision by automakers to keep assembly lines running in the summer. Auto payrolls fell 4,600, the first decline since March.
Construction employment advanced 20,000, rising for an eighth straight month. The length of the average workweek held steady at 34.5 hours for a sixth month in a row

IAF chief talks tough over al-Qaeda threat to IndiaApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

The Swiss watch industry is awaiting Apples smartwatch lauch next week as anxiously as consumersSeptember 5, 2014 2:05 pm
Swiss watch industry awaits Apple smartwatch
By Elizabeth Paton
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56dc7f4e-012c-11e4-a938-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Abbott announces AUD 20mn for Ind-Aus resear...AIIMS
(Abbott was speaking at AIIMS,…)
NEW DELHI: Australia today announced extension of the Australia-India Strategic Research Fund (AISRF) for a further four years and also pledged Australian dollars (AUD) 20 million for the initiative.
"This is not just for India or Australia, but for everyone's benefit. That is why I am pleased to announce that over the next four years, AUD 20 million would be allocated by the Australian government for this partnership programme," visiting Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said here.
"We are cooperating in health and also elsewhere. For instance, there is a potential malaria vaccine which has been supported by the strategic research partnership. We have water quality improvement which is being supported by the programme," he added.
He was speaking at AIIMS, where he had gone to see the research activities at the trauma centre being carried out in collaboration with the Australians.
Beginning in 2013, the Australian and Indian governments have joined hands through the Australia-India Strategic Research Fund Grand Challenge Scheme to find the best ways of treating injured people.
The Australia-India Trauma Systems Collaboration (AITSC) programme also brings together governments, industry, clinicians and researchers to improve information and resources and to pilot new systems of care. The collaboration is being carried out between Alfred Hospital in Melbourne and AIIMS.
Abbott noted that Australia would work with India not as an aid-giver but as a partner and added that the collaboration between AIIMS and Alfred Hospital was significant as both countries could learn from each other.
"I pledge that Australia would continue to work with you not as an aid-giver but as a partnership seeker," he said.
"This partnership between Alfred Hospital and AIIMS is significant as part of our Science and Technology Strategic Research Partnership Programme. Alfred Trauma Centre is now looking to work with India's premier trauma centre," he said.
Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan and Minister of State for Science and Technology Jitendra Singh were also present at the event.
Abbott said there is a feeling of altruism in the two countries and both are strongly committed to the health sector.
Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan said the Indian government was working to ensure access to healthcare for the poorest of the poor. He added that such bilateral projects would help improve healthcare systems in both countries.
Jitendra Singh, , who was also present at the event said that collaboration in the field of trauma treatment was very important as India had a large and increasing young population.
Mortality among the younger population was due to road accidents and other "adventures and misadventures" and the joint initiative would certainly help bring down such deaths, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI sets up permanent gallery on financial l...You are here: Home > Collections > Banking
RBI sets up permanent gallery on financial literacy
PTI Sep 5, 2014, 07.19PM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(RBI proposed to offer a three…)
CHENNAI: The Reserve Bank today set up a first of its kind permanent digital gallery here aimed at spreading awareness on financial literacy.
"It will be a permanent gallery on financial literacy", Reserve Bank of India, Regional Director, J Sadakkadulla told reporters here.
The gallery, he said, would give information about the fundamentals of financial system like purpose of savings account, recurring deposits, awareness on banking and financial system through digital display and by audio-visual facility.
"It is open for public", he said. Similarly, the Reserve Bank has proposed to offer a three month internship for aspiring post graduates of finance and economics with a monthly stipend of Rs 12,500, he said.
"It is a three month course and after completion a certificate would be presented to 10 students", he said.
He said the the Reserve Bank of India Quiz planned for this year, was being held in 62 locations across the country on topics like history of RBI , banking and finance topics.
The winners would be able to interact with Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan , he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US payrolls setback halts euro slideLast updated: September 5, 2014 9:22 pm
Wall Street shrugs off soft payrolls data
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a5bbdb2-34af-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Deepak Fertilisers forms JV in Australia to provide mining servicesPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 07:30 PM IST
Deepak Fertilisers forms JV in Australia to provide mining services
The company will invest about Rs 160 crore over the next two years
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals today said it has set up a joint venture firm in Australia with local partners to provide mining services and will invest about Rs 160 crore over the next two years.
Deepak Fertilisers arm Smartchem Technologies Ltd (STL), which manufactures mining chemicals, announced the launch of its overseas venture for mining services in Brisbane, Australia as a part of its forward integration initiative.
"STL has set up Platinum Blasting Services Pty Ltd (Platinum), a joint venture with local Australian partners, who have vast experience in providing value added blasting services and operation expertise to the mining and explosives industries in Australia," Deepak Fertilisers said.
STL will hold 65% while the local partners will hold 35% in the joint venture, it said in a statement.
"Over the next two years, Platinum intends to make an investment of around AUD 28 million, through a mix of debt and equity," the statement said.
The company plans to develop a full service offering including: Technical Ammonium Nitrate (TAN) supplies, storage and logistics, manufacturing of emulsion, blast design and technical support and Down-the-Hole services.
Australia, which is an about 2 million tonnes per annum of expanding TAN market, will offer immense growth potential to the JV firm Platinum.
"With over three and a half decades experience and as globally 5th largest manufacturer of TAN, reaching out to matured global market, especially Australia is a natural and logical forward integration strategy.
"Apart from supplying TAN to this growing market, we intend to create an expertise in providing value added services and be an integral part of the Australian mining industry," Deepak Fertilisers CMD Sailesh Mehta said.
 Advertisements

California blue whales bounce backBy Rachel Feltman September 5 Follow @rachelfeltman
A California blue whale, 65-feet-long, swims off the coast of Baja, Calif. (Gilpatrick/Lynn/NOAA)
Good news! According to a study published in the journal Marine Mammal Science, the endangered California blue whale population has probably returned to near pre-whaling levels. Bad news: They're the first set of blue whales to do so, and we still keep hitting them with ships.
The blue whale is a magnificent beast in the truest sense of the word. At close to 100 feet in length and weighing in at around 200 tons, they're the largest known animals on the planet. And they weigh two to three times as much as the heaviest known dinosaurs. A casual exhalation can send water shooting 30 feet high from out of a blue whale's blowhole, and their hearts weigh as much as a car. Despite that massive size, they can swim gracefully and (sort of) quickly: When agitated, they achieve speeds of more than 20 miles an hour.
But commercial whaling -- the hunting of whales for meat and oil -- hit worldwide populations hard. The hunting of blue whales for commercial purposes was banned by the International Whaling Commission in 1966, and since then only illegal whaling (and incidental deaths related to other fishing, shipping, and pollution) have threatened the species. We know that the blue whale population in the North Pacific (most often spotted in California, as the whales migrate there during the summer) has now reached about 2,200, the largest known on earth. Researchers previously assumed that the pre-whaling population must have been much higher than that, but the authors of Friday's paper disagree.
The researchers used historical data to estimate the number of whales caught from each population between 1905 and 1971. They now estimate, based on the relative number of whales that were caught in the North Pacific, that the current population is actually at 97 percent of the historical one.
If California has always had a relatively small blue whale population, it explains why the area's population growth has slowed in recent years: It may be almost back to normal. The researchers believe that our nasty habit of running into whales with our ships (at least 11 were struck along the west coast last year) isn't actually a major concern. They believe that the population can maintain its stability regardless. "It's a conservation success story," lead author and University of Washington doctoral student Cole Monnahan said in a statement .
Still, the researchers said, it would be really, really great if we could stop ramming into endangered whales with our ships. California may have reached its capacity for healthy and happy blue whales, but we don't want to backtrack. As for the rest of the world's blue whale populations, there's still a long way to go.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409929840/1409929840000/1409929840 tracking: {authors=Rachel Feltman, blog_name=speaking-of-science, content_category=National, in_url_headline=california-blue-whales-bounce-back-from-whaling, post_id=820, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 3:10:40 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 3:10:40 PM

Regulation and the mortgage marketComments
By Todd Zywicki September 5
As readers know, I have a major concern about the regulatory response to the financial crisis. An unintended consequence of regulation is that it can raise costs, reduce competition, and choke off access to legitimate sources of credit for consumers. And yet, it has been used over and over again in the United States.
It is ironical that in ratcheting up so-called consumer protection regulation, advocates end up pushing consumers out of the mainstream financial system and into the fringe lending market, which is precisely where the most vulnerable consumers are often exposed to the potential for fraud. The most notorious example, of course, is the resurgence of loan sharks  in response to strict usury ceilings on interest rates. But examples abound, not just in consumer credit, but also in areas such as occupational licensing.
Some news reports in recent days have suggested that one of the cornerstones of the Dodd-Frank consumer financial protection scheme — heightened regulation and enforcement of rules regarding residential mortgages — is starting to have exactly this effect, at least in that major players are quitting the field. A report in the Financial Times said that according to Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf, the bank is considering leaving the home mortgage market for lower-income borrowers as a result of the regulatory and liability risk:
“If you guys want to stick with this programme of ‘putting back’ any time, any way, whatever, that’s fine, we’re just not going to make those loans and there’s going to be a whole bunch of Americans that are underserved in the mortgage market,” Mr Stumpf told the Financial Times.
Nor is he alone — the article also quotes the CEO of JPMorgan Chase, Jamie Dimon, as saying that his bank also is exiting this space because of excessive regulatory and liability risk.
Why does it matter if Wells Fargo and JP Morgan decide to leave the mortgage industry? It matters because people still want to buy houses. And according to The Wall Street Journal, non-bank lenders are stepping in to fill the void created by banks exiting the market. According to the WSJ, the market share of nonbank lenders
(such as Quicken Loans and lenders that most readers have never heard of)
has doubled in the past two years from 11 percent to 23 percent, almost completely among those who are not premium borrowers.
Now, this could be a good thing. First, they are obviously meeting a demand that at least some big banks have decided is too risky to meet. Second, competition in consumer credit markets typically produces lower prices and higher quality service, just as in other markets.
But is this good competition since the bigger banks are not competing in this area? And are these companies that no one has ever heard of (as one guy in the WSJ article admits) providing fair rates to consumers, while not penalizing them for the greater risk?
More information is needed about these smaller lenders. Perhaps they are simply more nimble and better able to bear the regulatory and liability risk than the big banks. But most economists believe that it is larger firms that tend to have a comparative advantage in regulatory compliance (indeed, I confess that I had thought the large banks would come to dominate mortgage lending because they would be the only ones that could bear the regulatory cost and risk).
As we get to know more about these new or smaller players, we may find out that they are providing a much-needed service that does benefit consumers. Or the end result could be an increase in the incidences of fraud against precisely those consumers who are the supposed beneficiaries of Dodd-Frank.
Update: It has been called to my attention that a reader could infer that I was suggesting that the growing market share of non-bank lenders was only in the subprime market. I didn’t intend to say that. Quicken Loans, for example, is not a subprime lender. I should have been more clear on that point and have corrected the post to eliminate that reference to Quicken Loans. My apology for any erroneous impression that I created.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409929158/1409929158000/1409929158 tracking: {authors=Todd Zywicki, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=regulation-and-the-mortgage-market, post_id=12846, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 2:59:18 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 2:59:18 PM

Hindi films banned  Manipuris fly to Guwahati to watch MaryKomPrint
People also came from adjoining towns of Manipur to watch their most favourite sports star on the silver screen. (Source: IE archive)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 5, 2014 8:53 pm | Updated: September 5, 2014 8:54 pm
Rebel groups  may have banned screening of Hindi films in Manipur for over a decade now,  but that has not stood in the way of Manipuris love for Hindi cinema. And when the film is about Mary Kom, the most famous personality from this part of  northeast India, a number of Manipuris have flown out of Imphal to watch Sanjay Leela Bhansali’s much-hyped bio-pic in Guwahati and other cities.
“Yes, theatre owners in Guwahati and Silchar have told me that quite a number of people have flown out from Manipur to watch the film that was released today,” said Abdul Mannan Faruk, whose Ajan Films is distributor for the film in which Priyanka Chopra has played the boxer. Faruk said ‘Mary Kom’ opened in 72 halls including a couple of multiplexes across Assam and Meghalaya today.
In Silchar in southern Assam, people came in busloads from Jiribam and other adjoining towns of Manipur to watch their most favourite sports star on the silver screen though the role is played by Priyanka Chopra. ”I am told that a number of Mary Kom fans from Manipur also flew to Guwahati yesterday and today to watch the film,” Faruk said.
Confirming this, Chinmoy Sharma, a leading theatre owner in Guwahati said the turnout was “pretty good” in the first two shows of ‘Mary Kom’ despite the student community remaining busy in Teachers’ Day celebrations on Friday. “The occupancy was as good as any other blockbuster Hindi film. Moreover, there was a significant turnout of Manipuris and tribal people,” said Sharma.
Hindi films have remained “banned” since 2002, with the rebel groups calling Hindi cinema a cultural invasion by “Indian expansionist forces.” Films made in the Meitei language meanwhile have thrived in the local market apart from making a major mark at the all-India level. Between 80 to 100 films are made in the state, mostly in the digital format.

Aussie foray may help Deepak FertilisersAussie foray may help Deepak Fertilisers
Our Bureau
Tweet
September 5, 2014:  
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals, through its subsidiary Smartchem Technologies, announced the launch of its overseas venture for mining services in Brisbane, Australia. STL, which set up a joint venture, Platinum Blasting Services Pty Ltd (Platinum), with local partners, will hold 65 per cent stake. Over the next two years, Platinum intends to invest AUD28 million, through a mix of debt and equity. Keep an eye on the shares of Deepak Fertilisers -- they may react to the developments.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

iPhone maker Apple to add more security meas...Apple to tighten online security after recent hack
AP Sep 5, 2014, 09.57PM IST
Tags:
Apple Inc.
(The iPhone maker said the…)
NEW YORK: Apple plans to tighten its online security measures to reduce the chances of its users being victimized by intrusions like the ones that stole nude photos from actress Jennifer Lawrence and other celebrities.
CEO Tim Cook told The Wall Street Journal in a story published Friday that Apple Inc. will use email and push notifications to alert the hundreds of millions of people using its services when there has been an attempt to restore their iCloud data on a new device, change an account password or log on to an account with a new device. Previously there were no notifications for restoring iCloud data, but users did receive an email when someone tried to change a password or log in for the first time from a new device.
Apple expects to start sending the additional notifications in two weeks. The iPhone maker said the new security will allow users to change passwords to reclaim control of an account or notify Apple's security team about a potential problem.
An Apple spokesman confirmed the report Friday but declined to comment further than what was said in the interview.
Apple is also urging users to ensure they have complex passwords that are difficult to guess and are enabling a feature known as two-factor authentication that requires a numeric code sent to a phone to gain access to an account.
The security clampdown comes just a few days after Apple acknowledged computer hackers broke into the accounts of Lawrence and several other stars whose revealing photos were posted online during the Labor Day weekend. The Cupertino, California, company blamed the security breakdown on the intruders' ability to figure out passwords and bypass other safeguards.
The embarrassing episode raised doubts about Apple's online security at a time when the company is preparing to introduce several services that will seek to vacuum up even more information about people's lives and finances. When Apple unveils its next iPhone at a Tuesday event in Silicon Valley, Cook also is widely expected to provide more details about previously announced services designed to help people manage their health and home appliances. Analysts also believe Apple will include a digital wallet for making payments on the iPhone and, possibly, a long-awaited smartwatch, too.
As part of its efforts to reassure users, Apple has emphasized that it found no evidence of a widespread problem in iCloud or its Find my iPhone service. Instead, the affected celebrity accounts were targeted by hackers who had enough information to know the usernames, passwords and answers to personal security questions designed to thwart unauthorized entries, according to Apple.
Knowing this crucial information would enable an outsider to break into Apple accounts, including iCloud, and many other types of online accounts. The digital burglaries, though, probably would have been thwarted with two-factor authentication.
Apple's stock added 65 cents to $98.74 in Friday's early afternoon trading.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Motorola unveils Moto G  Moto X on Flipkart ...Motorola unveils new Moto G and Moto X, smartwatch
By Danish Khan ,  | 6 Sep, 2014, 02.31AM IST
0
Share More
Along with the Moto 360 smartwatch, Motorola will make the Moto X available later this month. The pricing of both the devices will be announced later.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Motorola Mobility sees India as one of its biggest markets globally, a top executive said, as the company that would soon become part of the Lenovo group launches upgraded versions of its smartphones and a new smartwatch. "The Indian market is massive and tremendously important to us. We completely believe in what we are doing here.
Now, we are able to grow on the portfolio we have," Senior Marketing Director Marcus Frost told ET on Friday. The company upgraded its smartphone portfolio with the launch of improved versions of the Moto G and Moto X smartphones. It is bringing these devices along with its first smartwatch, Moto 360, to India simultaneously with their global launches. Motorola has high ambitions from its new smartphones, Marcus said, and added that it will bring the next significant update of the Android operating system, Android L, to these new devices.
The latest Moto Gis available in the market starting Friday while the Moto X and the Moto 360 smartwatch will be available later this month.Marcus said the company has learnt a lot from the Moto G, which ran out of stock in the first couple of days of launch. "We corrected that instantly, which shows the might of Motorola at the background."Danish.Khan

Obama:  Ultimately Need a Strong Ground Game  Against ISISobama:  ultimately need a strong ground game  against isis
BALTIMORE COMIC-CON 2014: Here are the Comic Riffs picks for three days of nerd funThe cover of the Baltimore Comic-Con’s 2014 yearbook, which pays tribute to Matt Wagner’s creator-owned property on Grendel’s 30th anniversary.
 
BALTIMORE COMIC-CON pulls into the Inner Harbor this afternoon for three days of artist close-ups, cosplay and illustrative sessions at the Baltimore Convention Center.
To help you navigate all the fun between now and Sunday, here are a few of our don’t-miss picks:
1. THE ART AUCTION
(Friday, 5 p.m.)
This year’s Comic-Con Yearbook not only features dozens of artists paying visual tribute to Matt Wagner’s Grendel 30 years on, but the book also benefits a great cartoonist who has leukemia.
“Grendel was always on the short list of creator-owned characters that we wanted to do, and Matt has been a returning guest since the second year [in 2002],” Baltimore Comic-Con promoter Marc Nathan tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “With the new series coming out, we felt that this was the year.” (Previous years have saluted creater-owned properties like Stan Sakai’s Usagi Jojimbo and Frank Cho’s Liberty Meadows.)
“Everyone really stepped up their game this year” for the yearbook art, says contributor Steve Conley , who will be selling new softcover editions of his book “Bloop.”
A portion of the yearbook’s auction proceeds will benefit the New York-based cartoonist Seth Kushner. “Seth is also a friend, and the [proceeds] decision happened on the night that Seth found out that he had to go in for second round” of treatment, Nathan says.
That night, Nathan called friend Dean Haspiel , the Emmy-winning cartoonist, and “we worked out a plan.”
“Seth is a photographer/writer and friend of the show, and one of my studio mates, and he is currently battling leukemia,” Haspiel tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “I immediately told Marc how gracious he was to offer that kind of gift and that was set into motion.
“On the day of the deadline for the yearbook, I suggested to Seth that he try and draw a Grendel pin-up from his hospital bed, which he did, and I called Brad Tree and asked him to stop the presses, which he did, in order to get Seth into the book,” says Haspiel, creator of the new Billy Dogma book “Fear, My Dear.”
“I know that Seth feels honored to be a part of such a thoughtful comix community and to be a recipient of such kindness. Good will goes a long way, and we’re hoping everything works out for the best for our pal, Seth.”
(To learn more about Seth and to contribute to his cause, click HERE. )
(Note: The Matt Wagner Spotlight session will be Saturday at 1 p.m.)
2. THE WALTER & LOUISE SIMONSON SPOTLIGHT
(Friday at 4 p.m.)
3. THE PAUL POPE SPOTLIGHT
(Saturday at 2 p.m.)
The Simonsons’ superheroic portfolio is a bonanza — from the Son of Krypton to the son of Odin. And Pope has created a teen superhero for a new generation with his “Battling Boy” books.
“I’m looking forward to the Paul Pope Spotlight, and the Walter and Louise Simonson Spotlight,” Haspiel tells Comic Riffs. “Paul is a peer and Walter is a mentor of mine. Two groundbreaking cartoonists whose careers I aim to emulate in both spirit and soul. And, Louise is possibly the kindest person in comics, who’s editing and writing establishes her as one of the greats.”
Paul Pope also recently re-released his Fellini-meets-Picasso graphic novel about a circus escape artist, “Escapo. ”
“The Paul Pope Spotlight also looks intriguing,” says Con exhibitor Carolyn Belefski, creator of the webcomic “Curls.” “I enjoy how he is so loose with his craft.”
4. PEANUTS AND BEYOND: THE OTHER SIDE OF CHARLES M. SCHULZ
(Saturday at 1 p.m.)
Schulz Museum director Karen Johnson will illuminate Schulz the man through his cartoons, including unpublished art and conceptual sketches. This session is about “seeing the world through the eyes of this artist,” Johnson tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “He said: ‘Everything I am is in the strip.’ … It’s like you get to see his thought process and all that went into it.”
In her time at the Northern California museum, Johnson tells us, “one of the best things in the past 11 years is finding these hidden treasures” — the unpublished and little-seen works.
Plus, BOOM Studios editor-in-chief Matt Gagnon will examine Sparky Schulz’s legacy as viewed through the current KaBOOM! “Peanuts” books.
(Note: Johnson will also be at Saturday night’s Harvey Awards banquet to receive the inaugural Harvey Kurtzman Hall of Fame Award on behalf of the first recipient: the late Charles Schulz.)
5. THE MAKING OF THE FIFTH BEATLE: THE BEATLES IN COMICS
(Saturday at noon)
Last weekend at the National Book Festival, I had the pleasure of talking with (and introducing during the Graphic Novel Night session) Tony-winning theater producer Vivek J. Tiwary, whose Harvey Award-nominated graphic novel “The Fifth Beatle” (art by Andrew C. Robinson and Kyle Baker) is a passion project about Beatles manager Brian Epstein. This is a great peek into what it’s like to being a Beatles story to the page.
6. WHAT DOES AN EDITOR DO?
(Saturday at 5 p.m.)
Editors from DC, Marvel, BOOM! and Valiant will discuss how the role of editor has changed with the times in the comics industry.
This panel intrigues Belefski, the “Curls” creator, she says because
“it’s always interesting to know how editors work behind-the-scenes and the process of creating from a decision-making perspective.
“Since I’ve been editor of the past four issues of Magic Bullet, it helps to see what other editors are doing — if I decide to publish other creators in future projects, or even work with them as an art director in other roles of life.”
7.  SPOTLIGHT ON GAIL SIMONE
(Saturday at 3 p.m.)
The great Gail Simone will be in conversation with Dynamite associate editor Molly Mahan, to talk about writing about Red Sonja and the forthcoming Women of Dynamite miniseries. With any luck, she’ll also say something her brand-new assignment: Secret Six.
8. THE SIXTH ANNUAL COSTUME CONTEST
(Sunday at 1 p.m.)
Always a spectacle to witness the range of creations and ingenuity. Registration opens when the show does (10 a.m.). $5 entry for adult contestants; all youth contestants can enter free
9. TOP LOCAL ARTISTS DRAW LIVE!
(Saturday at 4 p.m.; Sunday at 4 p.m.)
On Saturday, “Liberty Meadows” creator Frank Cho will do a one-hour drawing demonstration based on audience suggestion; the art will be raffled off. And on Sunday, “Bloop” creator Steve Conley will feature how to draw nature as part of his “Kids Love Comics” session.
10. VIP ALL-STAR RECEPTION
(Friday at 8 p.m.)
For a higher price tag, you can attend this limited-ticket cocktail-party event  alongside such comics stars as Mark Waid , Dave Gibbons , Barry Kitson, Greg Capullo, Gail Simone and Maryland’s own Frank Cho — as well as Chewbacca actor Peter Mayhew. (No one younger than 21 will be admitted.)
(Note, Star Wars fans: Mayhew, the world’s most famous Wookiee, will receive a Spotlight session Sunday at noon.)
For all the programming, guest lists and ticket information, go to the Baltimore Comic-Con website.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=entertainment, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409936122/1409936122000/1409936122 tracking: {authors=Michael Cavna, blog_name=comic-riffs, content_category=Entertainment, in_url_headline=baltimore-comic-con-2014-here-are-the-comic-riffs-picks-for-three-days-of-nerd-fun, post_id=2306, section={section=entertainment, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 4:55:22 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 4:55:22 PM

iPhone maker Apple to add more security measuresiPhone maker Apple to add more security measures
Make India a hub for exporting teachers: ModiMake India a hub for exporting teachers: Modi
India  Australia begin delegation level talks in New DelhiIndia  Australia begin delegation level talks in New Delhi
Carry Modi s success story to people  BJP asks workersCarry Modi s success story to people  BJP asks workers
Ratan Tata seeks support for Mission OceanRatan Tata seeks support for Mission Ocean
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
Renowned industrialist and Tata Sons Chairman Emeritus Ratan Tata is seeking support for Mission Ocean, which aims to protect the high seas and restore ocean health.
He joins global leaders, including former Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin and former WTO Director-General Pascal Lamy, who have written similar petitions to United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on the issue.
“The #ocean is essential for all life on earth _ time to protect it. Please join me and sign the petition,” Tata tweeted.
“Please join the mission for a healthy, living ocean and ask Ban Ki-moon to join our call for high seas protection and ocean health,” the petition added.
Highlighting the importance of oceans and marine life, Tata said: “Its resources and freedoms are being exploited at the expense of us all — especially the poorest in society“.
“Now more than ever, better ocean governance is critical for a more equitable and just world,” he added.
Marine and coastal resources are worth $ three trillion a year — around 5 per cent of the world’s GDP — and worldwide, 350 million jobs are linked to the ocean while 97 per cent of fishers live in developing countries.
“In September this year, the United Nations (UN) will begin discussing the future of the high seas and how they should be governed. This won’t happen again any time soon so we need to make the most of the opportunity now,” Tata said.
Tata said the high seas resemble a “failed state beyond the jurisdiction of any government“.
“No one is taking overall responsibility, with the alarming result that the health of the entire ocean is in severe decline,” he added.
He said that there is a need for a new international agreement (under the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea) to secure ocean health and the sustainable and equitable use and conservation of high seas resources.
“The UN Secretary-General, Ban Ki-moon is committed to ocean health and protection but he needs our support so that he is empowered in September to call on world leaders to develop this new agreement,” he said.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

The scholar next doorSubir Roy |  Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 09:52 PM IST
Subir Roy: The scholar next door
There was none of the solemn, self-consciously grave academic in historian Bipan Chandra. He was essentially an open, down-to-earth person who was always ready to come forward on any public matter
Shortly after we moved into the National Media Centre in Gurgaon in the mid-1990s, we got a dog. He was a third the size of the Doberman of our neighbour but still never failed to howl and charge at the huge adversary every time he got a chance. As our neighbour and I laughed at this absurdity and introduced ourselves, I realised I was in for a bonus. He was none other than the eminent historian Bipan Chandra.
When we got to know each other a little, I discovered how lightly he wore his learning. There was none of the solemn, self-consciously grave academic in him. He was essentially an open, down-to-earth person who was always ready to come forward on any public matter. He once led a group of agitated residents who forced one that had just brought in a couple of huge dogs, one of them a Rottweiler, to take them away as they frightened the children who had the run of the place. I felt he would happily be at the barricades, provided he could carry a couple of books in his backpack.
Both his learning and the human being in him came out when our conversation came round to books. I remarked that he seemed to be running an open house - happy to have all those shelves loaded with books even in the drawing room, unsecured. What if someone came in to see him and, if he should not be there, walk out with a book or two?
He got a little pensive and recalled what happened when he was away on a longish trip and an academic colleague stayed at his place. It was only some time after he had returned that he realised his colleague had left with a few of the more valuable books. He still did not dream, of course, of locking up his books.
Soon it became my regular routine to consult him when I was working on something that needed a little delving into the country's modern history. His insights and references were invaluable. I would often show him the new books I had acquired, and can now smile at how he once sharply pulled me up for buying an inappropriate title on the history of Partition.
My biggest professional takeaway from him was an insight into the state of mind of India's latter-day Leftist leaders. "Why isn't Surjeet retiring? Does he love his position so much?" I asked one day. I was taken aback by his forthright reply: "It is the others who don't want him to go, as they see little merit in his likely successor." In a way he had foreseen the fall of the Left.
Over time, as we became familiar with our two families' pattern of living, he did not fail to notice how my family and I were perennially bitten by the travel bug. Come a long weekend or more and we would pile into our Maruti 800 and head for the hills. Then one day he surprised me by saying, "Do you realise you have inherited this love of travel? You are part of a tradition." The scholar in him saw historical context in the most humdrum of activities.
For all his stature, he took an interest in what I wrote - particularly this column. One day he told me, "You have written on our mutual neighbour (an eccentric, very Indian, lady who wore a soft hat like a colonial woman when she worked in her garden in the sun) and even on your dog. What will you write about next?" I said the local Haryanvis would never let me down. My next piece would be entitled "What's in a name?" My electricity bill had distorted my name to "Sadiq Lai"; I could understand "Roy" becoming "Rai", but this really took the cake.
When we decided to move on to Bangalore, many friends were surprised. Why should anyone want to leave Delhi even after he had acquired a good property? When I explained to him that I had seen today's Delhi durbar and felt the future of the country and reporting lay in information technology, he was the one person who emphatically advised: "Don't get bogged down in life by a house."
One of the nicest moments I can recall is when he told me one day, "Stop this Prof Chandra, call me Bipan," though I was a good 20 years his junior. As a true Leftist he did not believe in any kind of social status and extended the rule to himself too.
In a way I don't regret not being around during his last years when he lost his eyesight. What I do regret is not getting to write that primer on computers for schoolchildren which he asked me to when he headed the National Book Trust.
subirkroy@gmail.com

8 NFL moves that would ruin the typical business0
That return, covering 2012, reported gross receipts of almost $327 million, but more than $100 million went to employee salaries and other compensation. Roger Goodell? His base salary was $3.5 million, but his bonus and incentive compensation was more that $40 million and, all told, his compensation came in around $44.2 million.
Somehow, there's zero backlash.
"They always say: 'That not-for-profit status is just a technicality. Of course we're paying our fair share,'" said Gregg Easterbrook, author of "The King of Sports: Football's Impact on America." "But when you say, 'If it's just a technicality, why don't you ask Congress to revoke it?' they say, 'Oh, no. We don't want that.'"
2. Take completely unnecessary public subsidies.
Plenty of well-off companies lobby for and receive tax breaks from their communities. They usually have to promise they'll employ so many people or invest so much. But no one rattles a cup like NFL teams.
"The NFL is really good at two things," Easterbrook said. "Producing fantastic sports entertainment and bilking the taxpayer."
Pro football teams once actually needed financial assistance to build and improve their stadiums. Billion-dollar TV contracts and deep-pocketed owners should make that unnecessary today.
"Jacksonville (Fla.) just unveiled a $63 million scoreboard," Easterbrook said. "That's something a town really needs, and the city of Jacksonville, which has terrible public schools, paid $43 million of the $63 million for the billionaire owner, who will keep 100 percent of the advertising revenue that's generated by that scoreboard. Imagine if Exxon Mobil tried to do something like that. Imagine Apple. There would be general outrage."
3. Stay out of the nation's No. 2 market.
Actually, staying out of Los Angeles works to the NFL's great advantage. The benefit is, it provides an always viable option for owners in places like Minnesota and Jacksonville should they not get what they want out of their communities. Los Angeles football fans, meanwhile, are unaffected by potential TV blackouts, so they help keep ratings high. It's addition through subtraction for the NFL.
4. Alienate a large number of your customers.
Roughly 45 percent of the NFL's fan base is women. The league, whether it meant to or not, has sent a disturbing message that can be interpreted as not being as concerned with the well-being of women as that of its players.
Goodell gave Baltimore's Rice a two-game suspension for violating the league's personal conduct policy after an offseason arrest on assault charges. Rice, who was indicted in March on a charge of aggravated assault, can be seen on videotape dragging his then-fiancee out of a hotel elevator in February. It's ugly.
Even uglier is that two games is barely a slap on the wrist, compared with punishments Goodell has handed out for violent acts during games and even for players who have tested positive for marijuana use.
For that matter, ESPN suspended Stephen A. Smith for a week of shows just for saying some incredibly wrongheaded and indefensible stuff about the Rice incident. Goodell maintains that the Rice suspension is sufficient. If women and those who care about them continue to watch and support pro football, he will be proved right.
5. Hold on to symbols seen by some as racist.
The Washington Redskins are still the Redskins even with Native American groups asking the league and team to change the name, which they find offensive. Tradition is an inadequate defense.
Seriously, what is the upside on this one? Pick a new name. Sell new merchandise. Move on.
6. Flood the market.
The NFL used to be a Sunday afternoon sport. Then it added national TV games on Monday night and Sunday night. Thursday night games this season will get wider exposure as games originally relegated to cable are simulcast on CBS.
"I can tell you on Park Avenue they're totally convinced there's no saturation point for pro football now that they could put football on TV every night of the year and dominate the ratings," Easterbrook said. "That's a lot, even if you like the sport. As Groucho Marx said, 'I like my cigar, but sometimes I take it out of my mouth.'"
7. Undercut your business partners.
So Fox and CBS pay billions of dollars to air games on Sunday afternoons, subsidizing through ad sales. DirecTV pays for the exclusive right to sell "Sunday Ticket" subscriptions so viewers can see all the games, including those not carried in their home markets.
The NFL has a nifty little pay-cable channel called RedZone that offers viewers live and just-taped highlights coverage of all the Sunday afternoon games as they're being played, skipping from one Fox or CBS telecast to another, without making anyone sit through ads.
Nice.
8. Act as if you can do no wrong.
"Football is the most lucrative sport," Easterbrook said. "It's No. 1, but there's no law of nature that says it has to stay No. 1."

Banking Shares Could Fuel Nifty Rally Further: Anil ManghnaniYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Banking Shares Could Fuel Nifty Rally Further: Anil Manghnani
Published On:                  September  2, 2014                 | Duration: 13 min, 57 sec

Google Starts Quantum Computing Research ProjectYou are here: Home Corporates
Google Starts Quantum Computing Research Project
Reuters | Updated On: September 03, 2014 09:30 (IST)
Jack Ma, 'Capital-lite' Model Impress at Alibaba's Boston IPO Event
Google Inc said a research team led by physicist John Martinis from the University of California Santa Barbara will join the company to start a project to build new quantum information processors based on superconducting electronics.
The Quantum Artificial Intelligence Lab is a collaboration between Google, NASA Ames Research Center and the Universities Space Research Association (USRA) to study the application of quantum optimization related to artificial intelligence.
"With an integrated hardware group, the Quantum AI team will now be able to implement and test new designs for quantum optimization and inference processors based on recent theoretical insights as well as our learnings from the D-Wave quantum annealing architecture," Google's director of engineering, Hartmut Neven, said on its research blog.
Google, which is working on projects including self-driving cars and robots, has become increasingly focused on artificial intelligence in recent years.
Earlier in January, Google acquired privately held artificial intelligence company DeepMind Technologies Ltd.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Stock markets at new peakUpdated: September 3, 2014 23:30 IST
Stock markets at new peak
Special Correspondent
market and exchange
Stock indices galloped to reach new historical peaks, while the rupee strengthened against the dollar on Wednesday following continued foreign fund inflows coupled with falling oil prices and better domestic economic data. The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensitive Index (Sensex) closed at an all time high of 27139.94 with a gain of 120.55 points or 0.45 per cent. It touched a high of 27225.85 intra-day.
TCS m-cap soars
Information technology stocks gained the most with 2.50 per cent. Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), the country’s largest software services exporter, on Wednesday attained a market valuation of over Rs. 5 lakh crore after over a month.
On the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the 50-share Nifty closed above the 8100-mark at 8114.60 with a gain of 31.55 points or 0.39 per cent. “India’s economy is improving quite well and should be able to attract reasonable FII and FDI capital inflows,” said Samir Lodha, Managing Director, QuantArt Market Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
Rupee gains 19 paise
Snapping a four day losing streak, the rupee made a strong come back on Wednesday in the foreign exchange market. It closed at 60.49 a dollar compared to 60.68 on Tuesday.

Microsoft launches 3 new Lumia smartphonesMicrosoft launches 3 new Lumia smartphones
PTI
Tweet
Berlin, Sep 4:  
Software giant Microsoft today launched three new Lumia smartphones, including one designed for “selfie” enthusiasts, in a bid to expand its portfolio as it battles the likes of Samsung and Apple in the booming, yet fiercely competitive, global smartphone market.
Microsoft has launched the Lumia 830, 735 and 730, priced at 330 euros (about Rs 26,190), 219 euros (about Rs 17,370) and 199 euros (about Rs 15,800), respectively, as it tries to build on its acquisition of Nokia’s mobile division earlier this year.
All the handsets will begin rolling out globally this month.
Microsoft is also rolling out a software update called ‘Lumia Denim’ that adds functionality exclusively to Lumia phones running Windows Phone 8. These will however not be available on Windows Phone 8 smartphones from other companies like HTC.
The flagship 830 will come with Windows Phone 8.1 with Lumia Denim operating system, 1 GB RAM, 16 GB internal user memory (15 GB OneDrive cloud storage and up to 128 GB micro SD card). It has a 5-inch display, 1.2 GHz quad-core processor, 10 MP camera and 2,200 mAh removable battery.
The Lumia 730 has a quad-core 1.2 GHz processor with 1 GB of RAM and 4.7-inch display. It has a rear camera of 6.7 MP, along with a 5 MP front-facing camera.
With 8 GB internal memory, the handset supports 15 GB OneDrive cloud storage and up to 128 GB micro SD cards.
“Our strategy is to help people do more with stunning products that unite and showcase the best of Microsoft’s digital work and life experiences,” Microsoft Corporate Vice-President, Mobile Devices Sales, Chris Weber said.
The Lumia 830, Lumia 735 and Lumia 730 Dual SIM combine popular Microsoft services such as Skype, Microsoft Office and OneDrive with amazing Lumia innovations in design and imaging to bring experiences that people value, at prices they can afford, he added.
Microsoft had acquired almost all handset and services business of Finnish firm Nokia for over $ 7.2 billion in April this year.
Once the world leader in mobile phones, Nokia lost its top place to South Korea’s Samsung in 2012, especially as its rivals took the lead in the key smartphone market.
Even in emerging markets like India, where Nokia held a significant share, the company lost out to international rivals and domestic firms like Micromax and Karbonn.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Washingtons Olympics bid gets big business backing 
(Photo by Scott Halleran/Getty Images)
Three months before the U.S. Olympic Committee is expected to choose among four American cities for its preferred choice to host the 2024 Summer Games, the exploratory committee pursuing the games for Washington held a coming out party for itself.
The committee launched a  Web site  Thursday with the tagline “fostering greater unity” and Twitter campaign Wednesday with the hashtag #unity.
Ted Leonsis, owner of the Washington Wizards and Capitals and vice chairman of the exploratory committee, put the campaign up in lights outside the Verizon Center.
#DC2024 is everywhere today. Seen us on the Verizon Center? Tweet us a pic! #unity pic.twitter.com/ul0l1fcEkr
— Washington 2024 (@DC2024) September 4, 2014
More importantly, the once largely clandestine operation unveiled a 17-member board of directors demonstrating that big business in Washington has lined up squarely behind the effort. The group includes executives in sports, tech, real estate, law, restaurants, philanthropy and other areas. Here are the names:
Rosie Allen-Herring, president and chief executive of United Way of the National Capital Area
José Andrés, chef and owner of ThinkFoodGroup
Neil Cohen, president and chief executive of District Photo
Mark Ein, founder and chief exective of Venturehouse Group and owner of the Washington Kastles tennis team
Robert G. Hisaoka, president of RRR, LLC and chairman of Carsquare
Jim Hudson, former U.S. representative to the European Reconstruction and Redevelopment Bank
Sheila Johnson, managing partner of the Washington Mystics
Jeong H. Kim, chairman of Kiswe, Inc., producer of sports smart phone apps
Mark D. Lerner, principal owner and vice chairman of the Washington Nationals and a principal at Lerner Enterprises
Kevin Plank, chief executive and founder of Under Armour
Anthony T. Pierce, partner in charge, Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld
Linda Rabbitt, founder, chairman and CEO of Rand construction
Joseph Rigby, president and chief executive of Pepco
Denise Rolark-Barnes, publisher of the Washington Informer newspaper
Paul Tagliabue, former commissioner of the National Football League
Mark Weinberger, global chairman and chief executive of EY, a consulting firm
Anthony Williams, former District mayor and president of the Federal City Council
Along with Leonsis, the list includes ownership from most of the region’s professional teams, with the exception of the Redskins and D.C. United, which are both in the midst of their own public campaigns, with Dan Synder defending his team’s name and both teams seeking new stadiums.
Leonsis posted an update on his blog Thursday touting the group “as an an incredibly devoted board that consists of local business and civic leaders, all of whom are energized about the thought of the Olympics coming to the DMV. “
Even though Washington still has a long way to go to win the bid, there are already no shortage of skeptics about whether the city should be pursuing the games at all given the associated costs. Economists don’t think much of the idea, because they say it does little for the local economy.
A more thorough public vetting idea has yet to be had, but the business community has already considered the idea and appears to like it.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/capitalbusiness, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409848403/1409848403000/1409848403 tracking: {authors=Jonathan O'Connell, blog_name=digger, content_category=Business/capitalbusiness, in_url_headline=washingtons-olympics-bid-gets-big-business-backing, post_id=1686, section={section=business/capitalbusiness, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 4, 2014 4:33:23 PM close date: Sep 18, 2014 4:33:23 PM

Apple to add security alerts for iCloud usersUpdated: September 5, 2014 11:17 IST
Apple to add security alerts for iCloud users
Reuters
REUTERS Apple is moving quickly to restore confidence in its systems' security ahead of the crucial launch of its new iPhone next week.
TOPICS
technology (general)
Apple Inc is planning additional steps to keep hackers out of user accounts in the face of the recent celebrity photo scandal and will aggressively encourage users to take stricter security measures, CEO Tim cook told the Wall Street Journal in an interview.
Apple will alert users through email and push notifications when someone tries to change an account password, restore iCloud data to a new device, or when a device logs into an account for the first time, the report said. ( http://on.wsj.com/1puYPl3 )
Apple is moving quickly to restore confidence in its systems' security ahead of the crucial launch of its new iPhone next week.
Cook said Apple will broaden its use of the two-factor authentication security system to avoid future intrusions, the Journal reported.
The two-factor authentication requires a user to have two of three things to access an account, which may include a password, a separate four-digit one-time code, or a long access key given to the user when they signed up for the service.
The iPhone maker said it plans to more aggressively encourage people to turn on the two-factor authentication in the new version of iOS, the daily reported.
"The usability battle will always be there but could you ever imagine using your debit card at an ATM and not entering a pin? That's two factor, something you have (a card) & something you know (a pin), and we all get along just fine," WhiteHat Security's Matt Johansen told Reuters.
Apple said on Tuesday the attacks that emerged over the Labor Day weekend on celebrities' iCloud accounts were individually targeted, and that none of the cases it investigated had resulted from a breach of its systems.
Some security experts have faulted Apple for failing to make its devices and software easier to secure through two-factor authentication, which requires a separate verification code after users log in initially.
Apple could also do more to advertise that option, they said. Most people do not bother with security measures because of the extra hassle, experts say, and the leading phone makers are partly to blame.
The iCloud service allows users to store photos and other content and access it from any Apple device. Security in the cloud has been a paramount concern in past years, but that has not stopped the rapid adoption of services that offer reams of storage and management of data and content off smartphones and computers.
Apple was not immediately available for comment.

Elizabeth Warren: The market is brokenElizabeth Warren: The market is broken
By Heather Long  @byHeatherLong September 5, 2014: 8:34 AM ET
 
Elizabeth Warren: 'The game is rigged'
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Senator Elizabeth Warren says she picked up a lot of her feistiness from reading Nancy Drew novels as a kid. Today she believes the most important mystery to solve is how to get the American economy working for someone other than billionaires.
It's a message she's been taking all over the country, and she isn't afraid to call banks, credit card companies and some employers cheats and tricksters.
"The biggest financial institutions figured out they could make a lot of money by cheating people on mortgages, credit cards and payday loans," she told a packed auditorium at the Graduate Center of the City University of New York, where she spoke alongside New York Times ( NYT ) columnist Paul Krugman.
The Democrat from Massachusetts even said the market is broken in many regards.
"This is about getting markets to work for real people," she said.
Related: Wealth trickles up, Warren argues
The biggest applause of the night was on three issues that come up frequently in Warren's speeches.
1) Financial regulation: Warren was the driving force behind the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau after the 2008 financial crisis. The agency has returned billions of dollars to Americans who were wronged.
"Traffic works better with traffic lights," she explained.
In her eyes, a true capitalist system would have transparency so consumers could make informed choices. But in a world of "mice type" with pages and pages of fine print that no one reads or understands, the market breaks down.
2) Reducing student loans: Last summer Warren made headlines for arguing that student loans should have the same interest rates that banks get when they borrow money from the Federal Reserve.
Related: Grieving parents get hit with $200,000 in student loans
This year she's pushing to allow people to re-finance their student loans at the historically low rates currently in place.
As she likes to remind people, "Student loans issued from 2007 to 2012 are on target to produce $66 billion in profit for the United States government."
3) Raising the minimum wage: "No one should work full time and still live in poverty," Warren said.
She uses her own family story to illustrate how critical it is for workers to make a living wage. Her father had a heart attack when she was 12, and her mother had to go back to work in retail at Sears ( SHLD ) to support the family.
Related: Could Senator Warren have made it in today's America?
That would be much harder today because a woman working a minimum wage job and trying to support even one child would likely still be in poverty.
Her other big push is for basic worker rights, including allowing workers to talk freely about how much they make and forcing employers that call shift workers in for only a few hours to pay them for at least four hours of work.
Plenty of critics paint Warren as a socialist, but she has her message down.
"We can't have a market that functions unless we have a government that functions. That's the heart of it," she said.
First Published: September 5, 2014: 12:52 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Jeans Face an Uncertain Future Amid Yoga Wear RageAlbert Pujols and the Los Angeles Angels are on fire. The Angels slugger joined an elite club of players this...
Tony Dejak/AP Photo

Hyderabad scientists develop rechargeable magnesium batteryHyderabad scientists develop rechargeable magnesium battery
M Somasekhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sep. 4:  
A rechargeable battery with initial applications best suited in stationary devices like UPS, inverters has been developed by CSIR-Indian Institute of Chemical Technology, Hyderabad.
The magnesium metal battery with natural graphite cathode could also be an efficient substitute to the lead battery used commonly at present. The technology for rechargeable magnesium battery is not available for commercialisation in any part of the world, the IICT claimed.
The novel, cost effective and safe battery has been developed by J Vatsala Rani and her team of the Flouro-Organics division of the laboratory. The eco-friendly materials used in the battery are magnesium (anode), modified natural graphite (cathode) and ionic liquid electrolyte, which are safe and easily available, she explained.
The IICT scientists are working to further increase the capacity of the battery and shelf life, which is estimated at present to be 2-3 years. The materials used in the electrode are both reusable and biodegradable.
Applications
The magnesium battery in the present form is ideal for use where space is not a constraint (cars & vehicles) and stationary applications like UPS, inverters and lighting up lamps in homes in rural areas etc., where weight is not the criteria. Going ahead, more refinement could lead to its use in mobile devices as well as give a stiff competition to lithium batteries, says Vatsala Rani.
She claimed that the technology was a breakthrough. At present there are many primary magnesium batteries, which are `use and throw’ types. "Our battery has a capacity of 5 milli ampere hour and can be used upto 800-900 times on recharging. Magnesium is also abundantly available and graphite is cheap", she told Business Line.
Another big plus for the battery is it can potentially substitute the widely used lead (heavy metal) acid battery, which has toxic material and sulphuric acid which is not eco-friendly. The researchers published their work in the Journal of Electrochemical Society recently.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

Banks  finance cos in for bonanzaBusinessLine Twenty Years Ago -Today
Banks, finance cos in for bonanza
Tweet
In what is likely to give the jitters to other passenger car manufacturers who are planning to tap the upper end of the market in the next year or two, Maruti Udyog’s “Esteem 1.3L” appears to have virtually taken the “upwardly mobile” population by storm. The biggest beneficiaries in this “mad craze” for the “latest status symbol” are going to be the foreign banks and auto finance companies which are pitching in with over 90 per cent of the booking deposit of Rs. 30,000 at an interest of about 17.5 per cent in the hope of making a neat pile within the next few months.
Brokers going corporate
The SEBI decision to dispense with the stipulation of minimum five years experience for corporate broking firms to get membership of more than one exchange has had a significant effect on the bourses. Market sources say that most brokers are turning into corporate entities to get this benefit. With the move to introduce the National Stock Market System, which will link major exchanges in the country, and with the recent launching of the National Stock Exchange, brokers will have to look beyond one exchange to run their businesses, sources say.
India’s steel demand may touch 25 m. t. in 10 years
“India is expected to become the next China in the decade ahead in terms of steel demand growth,” notes Paine Webber in a recent study. According to the report, macroeconomic indicators have turned quite positive since liberalisation in mid-1992. The inflation rate is down to eight per cent from 15 per cent; the fiscal deficit has been reduced; the trade balance has improved; the rupee has stabilised versus the US dollar and foreign investments in the industrial sector have increased dramatically.
(This article was published on September 4, 2014)

The long road to financial inclusionThe long road to financial inclusion
Maulik Tewari
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

India s monsoon rains seen active  no sign of retreatApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

India  Australia to sign nuclear cooperation pactIndia, Australia to sign nuclear cooperation pact
Our Bureau
Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, with Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, during a ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Friday. Photo: PTI
The country needs 1,000 tonnes of uranium a year
New Delhi, Sept 5:  
The civil nuclear co-operation pact with Australia will give a fillip to India’s nuclear power generation programme.
The country currently generates 4,780 MW from six nuclear plants with another seven reactors under construction it will add 6,100 MW. The target is to set up 63,000 MW by 2032 by adding nearly 30 reactors – at an estimated cost of $85 billion.
Share of electricity from nuclear power plants is only 3.14 per cent of the total electricity generation capacity of 249,488 GW as of June 30, falling from 3.68 per cent in 2011-12.
India currently gets uranium from France, Russia, Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan and has total requirement of around 1,000 tonne a year. Australia, which has the largest uranium reserves in the world estimated to be around 31 per cent of the world’s reserves, also has some of the cheapest reserves.
According to the World Nuclear Organisation almost half of the Australian reserves are in the under $80/kg price category. This is due to the easier extraction of the mineral from the mines there.
Indian miners are also interested in mining uranium in Australia.
“The decision on allowing uranium export to India is a decision that the Federal Government of Australia will have to take. But Indian companies have expressed interest and they have visited some of the mines,” said Parag Shirname, Trade & Investment Commissioner - South Asia, Government of Queensland, last week.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Suven Life zooms on securing three product patentsSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 02:05 PM IST
Suven Life zooms on securing three product patents
The company has received one product patent each from S Korea, China and Canada
Shares of Suven Life Sciences zoomed 17% to Rs 204, extending its previous 7% gain, after the company said it received one product patent each in three countries.
The secured products patents are one each from South Korea (10-1386354), China (CN102639526) and Canada (CA 2737282) corresponding to the New Chemical Entities for the treatment of disorders associated with neurodegenerative diseases, the company said in a release adding that these patents are valid through 2029, 2029 and 2031, respectively.
The granted claims of the patents include the class of selective 5-HT compounds discovered by Suven and are useful for treating Alzheimer's disease, Attention deficient hyperactivity disorder, Huntington's disease, Parkinson and Schizophrenia.
The stock opened at Rs 177 and touched a high of Rs 206 so far. Over 7.5 million shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.
 Advertisements

SC orders release of undertrials who have served half their term'Release undertrials who have spent half their term'
Agencies  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 12:13 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:49 IST(5/9/2014)
The Supreme Court on Friday ordered overcrowded jails to free all undertrials who have served half their maximum term, a landmark ruling that marks the Narendra Modi government’s first step towards judicial reform.
 
More than two-thirds of India’s nearly four million prisoners are awaiting trial, according to human rights organisation Amnesty International, and many have already spent years in prison.
 
The law says prisoners awaiting trial must be released once they have served half the maximum sentence they would receive if found guilty, but that law is rarely implemented.
 
An apex court bench headed by Chief Justice of India RM Lodha said that prisons must comply with the law and ordered local judges and magistrates to oversee the process. Prisoners serving life terms or slapped with death penalty will, however, not come under the ambit of this new programme, that will be first implemented in Delhi’s Tihar Jail.
 
“Judicial officers shall identify prisoners who have completed half of the maximum period of imprisonment provided for offences they are charged with,” Lodha said. “After completing the procedure they should pass appropriate orders in the jail itself for the release of undertrial prisoners.”
 
The court said the two months’ drive, which will start on October 1, will see a sessions judge and judicial officers subordinate to him visiting jails under their jurisdiction to examine such cases and ordering the undertrials’ release.
 

Sensex ends 59 points down on weak global cues  selling in blue-chipsSensex ends 59 points down on weak global cues, selling in blue-chips
PTI/Reuters
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 5:  
The benchmark Sensex today fell 59.23 points to end at 27,026.70, its second straight session of decline after logging new highs earlier this week, due to losses in blue-chips, including HDFC, ICICI Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Tata Motors, amid a weak global trend.
Domestic stock markets opened on a better note with the 30-share BSE index Sensex touching the day’s high of 27,178.80 points in early trade. It later slipped below the 27,000-mark and touched the day’s low of 26,920.56 before ending at 27,026.70, registering a drop of 59.23 points or 0.22 per cent.
Among Sensex 30 components, 17 stocks ended in the negative zone, while 13 closed higher.
On Thursday, the Sensex had lost 54.01 points. It had hit a life high of 27,225.85 and closed at a record peak of 27,139.94 on Wednesday.
Brokers said emergence of selling in stocks that had recently witnessed gains and a weak trend in global markets, led to the fall in major indices today.
The 50-share Nifty of the National Stock Exchange also shed 9.1 points or 0.11 per cent to end at 8,086.85. During the session, the Nifty shuttled between 8,122.70 and 8,049.85.
Yesterday, it had fallen by 18.65 points.
Sectoral indices
Among the sectoral indices, the BSE Auto index dropped 0.65 per cent, followed by FMCG 0.32 per cent and Banking 0.3 per cent.
On the other hand, the BSE Realty index surged 1.15 per cent, followed by Capital Goods 0.86 per cent, Metal 0.69 per cent and IT 0.51 per cent, among others.
The BSE Small-cap index advanced 1.25 per cent and Mid-cap index added 0.56 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Asian, European markets
Asian shares and the euro slipped on Friday after the European Central Bank unveiled fresh measures. Investors await the release of US jobs data later on Friday, which could have a bearing on Fed policy.
Europe’s main stock markets also dipped in late morning trade today after data showed the 18-nation euro zone economy stagnated in the second quarter with zero growth.
The euro was deep in the red on Friday, having suffered its steepest fall in three years after the European Central Bank stunned markets by cutting interest rates and embarking on a trillion-euro asset-buying binge.
The aggressive shift sent short-term bond yields into negative territory in Germany, France, the Netherlands and Austria, giving investors an overwhelming incentive to sell euros for higher-yielding assets elsewhere.
That stood in stark contrast to the United States, where upbeat data only reinforced the case for the Federal Reserve to wind down its stimulus, driving the dollar higher and sideswiping oil and gold in the process.
After surging to a 6-1/2 month high on Thursday, European share markets saw some minor profit taking as the US payrolls report loomed large later in the session. London's FTSE 100, the DAX in Frankfurt and CAC 40 in Paris were all around 0.1-0.2 per cent lower but this week's gains - the fourth in a row - took the pan-regional FTSEurofirst 300 index's rise since mid August to over 8 per cent.
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)

Sahara group may mortgage iconic hotels to raise $1.7 bn bail for Subrata Roy: ExecApple Inc unveils six brand new features in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple Inc so far.

Meet China s hottest tech starWho the heck is Jack Ma? Meet the man who built Alibaba
By Sophia Yan  @sophia_yan September 4, 2014: 9:56 PM ET
 
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Alibaba founder Jack Ma was never supposed to be a billionaire.
Harvard snubbed him. He flunked college entrance exams twice. Investors thought the serial entrepreneur was crazy when he started building an e-commerce site in China.
But Ma proved them all wrong. Alibaba, which he launched in 1999 from his tiny Hangzhou apartment, is set for one of the largest IPOs in U.S. history.
Analysts estimate that Alibaba -- which does most things digital -- could be valued at $200 billion, roughly four times the market cap of Lockheed Martin ( LMT ).
How did an English teacher with a modest translation business become a tech titan? It began with a drink.
Searching for "beer" and "China" during his first use of the Internet in 1995, Ma found nothing. But there was plenty of information about American beer. And German beer.
Sensing an opportunity, Ma built a Chinese-language webpage. Within hours of launch, he was receiving enquiries from around the world. The Internet, Ma thought, is "going to change the world and change China."
A few years later, in 1999, Ma gathered 17 friends and acquaintances at his home. They worked feverishly on a new venture: a website to connect exporters with foreign buyers.
Alibaba.com was born. The firm quickly outgrew Ma's apartment, eventually becoming the dominant tech company in China.
The comedian is our CEO
Ma, 49, has always been proud of his humble roots. When Alibaba launched, Ma had no money, no tech experience and a haphazard management style.
But he did have plenty of charisma. Former executives say Ma's infectious optimism -- and his talent with languages -- helped sell the dream.
"He's funny! He can do standup in Chinese or English," said Duncan Clark, a former Alibaba consultant. "He can adapt to the audience ... he has the ability to make everybody in the room feel as if he's talking to just one person."
Ma, married with two kids, is also known to rely on gut instinct.
"He cares more about what is in someone's heart than what is on their resume," said Porter Erisman, a former executive who made a documentary about the company. "Look at the senior managers -- at Alibaba, a lot of them had no prior business experience."
Employees are "Ali people," and managers are given nicknames taken from popular Chinese martial arts novels. Ma, a tai chi devotee, sometimes draws inspiration for company strategy from those books.
The Yangtze River crocodile
Ma is also a ferocious competitor, and steadfast in his belief that Chinese firms can take on international rivals.
"Chinese brains are just as good ... this is the reason we dare to compete with Americans," Ma told his fellow co-founders in 1999. "We can beat government agencies and big famous companies, because of our innovative spirit."
It was this conviction that led Ma to challenge eBay in 2003 when the Silicon Valley firm was expanding its China operation.
Spoiling for a fight, Ma sent a team back to his apartment to devise the next big thing. "EBay is a shark in the ocean; we are a crocodile in the Yangtze River," he said. "If we fight in the ocean, we will lose, but if we fight in the river, we will win."
The team came back with a product called Taobao, or "searching for treasure," in Chinese. The platform was similar to eBay, but better suited to the local market.
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) invested $1 billion in the venture. Within a few years, Taobao squeezed eBay out of China. The marketplace handled $177 billion in sales in 2013.
"Ali People" flock to Alifest
Alibaba is a global company with 22,000 employees and 90 offices. Its popular sites, Taobao and Tmall.com, account for 80% of China's online retail sales, and receive more than 100 million visitors a day.
The group and its affiliates operate an e-payment business, online investment funds , cloud computing and mobile services. Remembering how difficult it was to get financing for his translation business, Ma started a loan service to help entrepreneurs.
Alibaba is also getting into entertainment and sports, acquiring media companies and a soccer team in a pre-IPO buying spree. Critics say this is irresponsible -- a last hurrah before Ma is beholden to shareholders.
Ma stepped down as CEO in 2013, and now pursues philanthropic endeavors . But he remains chief strategist at Alibaba, and the public face of the company. He is, by all accounts, still very involved in management decisions.
Once a year, employees and customers turn their attention to Alifest -- a conference that at times resembles a rock concert. The blowout event has featured guests including Bill Clinton and Kobe Bryant.
"Alifest convinced me to join Alibaba," said former executive David Wei. "I've never seen so many happy customers, so many happy employees."
Ma performs at these gatherings, donning sparkly costumes and belting out popular tunes. The crowd always goes wild.
"I never thought I would be where I am today," Ma said in a speech last year. "I never thought Alibaba would be where it is today."
First Published: September 4, 2014: 9:49 PM ET
Join the Conversation

ECB s stimulus package draws hope of FII flows even as Fed support recedesNeelasri Barman |  Mumbai Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 10:59 PM IST
End of Fed's QE unlikely to affect India inflows
Global liquidity expected to continue amid ECB stimulus
Foreign portfolio flows into the Indian equity and debt markets, which have crossed Rs 1.8-lakh crore so far in 2014, are expected to receive support from the European Central Bank (ECB).
For one, the ECB has cut the rate at which banks can borrow from the central bank to 0.05 per cent. It is also set to commence its own stimulus package from October, although the quantum of the same is yet to be announced.
On the other hand, the US Federal Reserve is set to end its monthly bond-buying programme in October. The trimming of the programme began in December 2013; it has come down from $85 billion a month to $25 billion.
“The US Fed’s stimulus ends by October-end, but now there will be another round of stimulus from the ECB, which will be equally important. Due to this, the global liquidity is expected to continue. This would lead to foreign flows coming to Indian markets. This is because India continues to be considered an attractive investment destination for investors,” said N S Venkatesh, executive director and head of treasury at IDBI Bank.
“There is a probability that investors would prefer to invest the surplus liquidity likely to be generated post the commencement (of the ECB action) in emerging market economies as opposed to the Euro region. In such an event, FII (foreign institutional investor) inflows into India among other (emerging market economies) will see an upswing,” said a CARE Ratings report released on Friday.
So far this year, FIIs have been net buyers by Rs 1.05 lakh crore in the bond market. They were net buyers by Rs 80,314 crore in the equity segment.
Although Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan assured the Street several times that the country is better prepared now to withstand the impact of the end of US Fed’s bond-buying programme, traders were concerned about the prospects of foreign flows turning negative. However, this has changed in light of the ECB announcement on Thursday, giving a reason for stock markets to cheer.
“The flows will keep continuing, but may be more in equities because on the debt side, FIIs limits are getting filled up,” said Navneet Munot, chief investment officer at SBI Mutual Fund.
FII flows in Indian markets had picked up earlier in 2014 due to the euphoria ahead of the elections. However, experts believe the incremental flows shall also depend on how the economic growth pans out.
“The investors’ perception is that compared with other emerging markets, we are doing better. But we cannot become complacent because of this. As we enter the second half of the fiscal (FY15), investors will expect a pickup in growth. So far, we are seeing all-round improvement, but partly it is contributed by favourable statistical data. Investors would want that sequentially also, the growth momentum picks up,” said Rupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist and general manager at Bank of Baroda.
Earlier, there were concerns in the currency market that once the US Fed’s bond-buying programme ends, the rupee might see some volatility as FIIs could pull out of India. However, now due to ECB’s stimulus, the expectation is that the rupee will continue to be stable.
According to Venkatesh of IDBI Bank, the broad trading range for the rupee will be between 59 and 61 a dollar.
 Advertisements

Coalscam: Court returns CBI s charge sheetUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: CBI has got a jolt in the Coal blocks allocation scam probe as a special court has "returned" its charge sheet in a case involving a Kolkata-based company, saying it has failed to give any plausible explanation on its queries and reasons for dropping four accused from it.
The case involves allocation of coal blocks to Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Ltd in Jharkhand's Rajhara town in which its directors and unknown public servants of the Ministry of Coal, Government of Jharkhand and others were made accused in the FIR lodged by the CBI in September 2012.
The agency came up with its charge sheet before Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar who asked certain queries from the investigating officer (IO) regarding the final report in which eight accused have been chargesheeted while four have been dropped for want of prosecutable evidence.
The case involves allocation of coal blocks to Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Ltd in Jharkhand's Rajhara town in which its directors and unknown public servants of the Ministry of Coal, Government of Jharkhand and others were made accused in the FIR lodged by the CBI in September 2012.
The court noted that CBI has not given any "legally admissible logic" for keeping four persons away from the involvement of criminality by merely saying that "no prosecutable evidence could be collected against them during the course of investigation".
"A perusal of the charge sheet also shows that as regard accused No. 1 company i.e. M/s Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Ltd only one Director has been arrayed as an accused while other 4 accused persons (named in FIR) have not been chargesheeted.
"...A bare perusal of the report tobeen filed shows that there is no legally admissible logic or reasoning in the final report which could correlate conclusion of their being no prosecutable evidence against 4 accused persons viz-a-viz the nature of investigation carried out as find mention in the final report under section 173 CrPC," the special judge said.
The court also observed that IO was unable to "furnish any plausible explanation" on the queries raised by it.
CBI has informed the court that four of the eight accused chargesheeted by it were public servants out of whom two have already retired.
It also said that the other two accused public servants -- Basant Kumar Bhatacharya and Bipin Bihari Singh -- are still in government service and sanction for their prosecution has not been received yet.
To this, the judge said, "In these circumstances, the charge sheet is hereby accordingly returned with the direction that the same may be filed after obtaining necessary sanction, if available, qua the two working public servants and other necessary clarifications as have been mentioned herein above.

Blog: Teachers Day as medium and Modi as messageBlog: Teachers Day as medium and Modi as message
Christopher FedericoThe Fix's Chris Cillizza discusses the latest in political news.
Sep 5, 2014
The Fix's Chris Cillizza discussed the latest in political news.
Sep 5, 2014
Load More
About
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix”, a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House for the newspaper and Web site. Chris has appeared as a guest on NBC, CBS, ABC, MSNBC, Fox News Channel and CNN to talk politics. He lives in Virginia with his wife and sons.
Most Read

How Ebola  the Kardashian of diseases  is stealing attention from illnesses that kill more peopleBy Abby Phillip September 5 Follow @abbydphillip
A sick child waiting for help outside the John Fitzgerald Kennedy hospital in Monrovia, the capital of Liberia, on Sept. 3. (Dominique Faget/AFP/Getty Images)
The Ebola virus has killed more than 2,100 people in four West African nations, and it has left the international community scrambling to contain it.
But as deadly diseases go, Ebola isn't nearly as contagious as tuberculosis, which can be spread through the air. And it isn't as deadly as HIV/AIDS.
It's no malaria, which in Liberia killed 1,725 people and sickened more than 1.4 million in 2012. Cholera was responsible for 1,146 deaths in Liberia in 2011.
So far this year, during the worst Ebola outbreak in history, the virus has killed about 900 people in Liberia. That puts it on par with other deadly, yet preventable ailments.
Diarrhea -- a preventable and treatable condition -- kills about  1.5 million children each year -- more than malaria, AIDS and measles combined, according to global health organizations.
The H1N1 swine flu pandemic killed more than 284,000 people in 2009 and 2010, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Yet Ebola's deadliness and the danger it poses to civil society in affected countries have made this epidemic a problem of global proportions: On Friday, the United Nations announced that it is establishing an "Ebola Crisis Center," with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon issuing an "international rescue call."
When an outbreak calls for an infusion of international attention and resources, the World Health Organization is responsible for designating it as a global emergency, which it did for this Ebola outbreak on Aug. 8 .
An outbreak is evaluated based on the severity of at least two of these four criteria: the significance of the public health impact and deadliness of the disease; how expected or unexpected the outbreak was; the risk of international spread; and the risk of international travel or trade restrictions.
"If these criteria are met and the director general perceives it as a public health emergency of international concern, that should trigger a coordinated global response," said John Kraemer, a professor of epidemiology at Georgetown University.
That doesn't happen for diseases such as malaria or AIDS because, despite their annual tolls, they require a constant level of public health diligence and are rarely unexpected.
"For diseases that are endemic, we wouldn't think of declaring a public health emergency," Kraemer said. "An emergency response for malaria wouldn't be helpful in the same way; you won’t see malaria spiraling out of control."
The WHO and organizations such as Doctors Without Borders began sounding the alarm about Ebola in West Africa months after the outbreak began, in an effort to bring more international resources to the affected countries. Some argue, however, that the call for help from the WHO came far too late -- months after it was clear that the outbreak met most of the criteria to be considered a global emergency. Nearly 1,000 people had already died in three Ebola-ravaged countries by that time.
"I think it was fairly clear that WHO took too long to declare a public health emergency with Ebola," Kraemer said. "You can debate when exactly when they should have declared an emergency, but the very latest date was late May-early June."
For most people -- especially in the West -- Ebola became a major news story in midsummer, partly because of the horrifying images of health workers in hazmat suits and the fear that the disease might spread beyond West Africa.
Travel restrictions followed. U.S. colleges are now being asked to screen students for symptoms , and dozens of travelers to West Africa from around the world were tested for the virus in what ended up being false alarms .
The chances of a widespread outbreak in the United States are exceedingly slim, yet some 40 percent of Americans reported in a recent poll that they were concerned about an Ebola outbreak in a U.S. city.
When a man who had recently returned from an Ebola-impacted West African country came to New York's Mount Sinai Hospital with a high fever and gastrointestinal problems and wound up "in strict isolation" while he was screened, panic ensued .
Ebola scare in the city: http://t.co/BU8srB5koR What you need to know about the Ebola virus: http://t.co/kxYs44FxHn pic.twitter.com/muEPntrMX6
— New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) August 5, 2014
That type of hysteria has prompted a secondary concern that panic about Ebola could actually divert resources away from other, equally important public health concerns in African countries.
Global focus on Ebola, killed 1500. What about mundane, preventable diarrhea? In Uganda it kills 19,700 kids a year. http://t.co/awH3FA3DHn
— Sam Loewenberg (@samloewenberg) August 29, 2014
Earlier this month, Columbia University professor Chris Blattman tweeted that "Ebola is the Kardashian of diseases."
In an interview, Blattman said his comment and subsequent blog post came more out of a concern that the consequences of stigma for affected countries could have a more lasting impact than the disease itself.
"There's this thing that doesn't sound like it's actually the apocalypse, but it's being talked about like the apocalypse," said Blattman. "It steals all the attention; that's the point."
He added: "People don't have a lot of attention for Africa, and sometimes that attention matters."
It is almost impossible to know what impact travel bans, stalled investments and delayed academic research might have on the economic future of Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone. But economic damage could have destabilizing political consequences as well, Blattman argued.
"This was a country that was actually turning things around," Blattman said of Liberia. "It's the hype element that makes you think, 'how are they going to climb out of this hole now?'"
Health workers surround an Ebola patient who escaped from quarantine at Monrovia's Elwa hospital, in the center of Paynesville. (Reuters)
Most, however, do not agree with Blattman's objections to the level of attention Ebola has garnered.
Based on their pronouncements, public health organizations from the Centers for Disease Control to the WHO and Doctors Without Borders have calculated that the need for more resources to combat the virus outweighs the risk of spreading further hysteria.
The WHO said Friday that there have been 2,097 deaths in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, plus another eight deaths in Nigeria. A closer look at the death toll suggests that while Ebola isn't among the world's top infectious killers, the country-level and even regional impacts are extraordinary.
Joanne Liu, international president of Doctors Without Borders, warned that the virus has wiped out "entire families."
"We see entire villages wiped out, we follow the tangled webs of extended families as one by one they become sick and die," wrote Ella Watson-Stryker , who works with Doctors Without Borders in Sierra Leone. "We live in a world where conversations revolve around where to put the all the bodies no one has come to bury."
In Liberia, where the epidemic appears to be rapidly escalating, the average death rate per day has grown exponentially since the start of the outbreak.
"The pace of deaths in Liberia suggests that the number of people who die from Ebola will outnumber deaths from other causes," said Kim Yi Dionne, a Smith College professor who co-authored a counterpoint to Blattman's Kardashian argument . "In a small population like that in Liberia, then it is a serious problem."
And there are second-order concerns: Unlike many other diseases, Ebola has essentially decimated the already weak public health systems in West African countries that have never before seen cases of the virus.
Other diseases are likely going untreated while health professionals struggle to contain Ebola — and often succumb to it themselves.
We may not know for a long time, if ever, what the impact of the 2014 Ebola outbreak is on other diseases and other health threats such as malaria, cholera, infant mortality and HIV/AIDS in the affected countries. And that heightens concern among public health officials.
"There are almost no functioning facilities for basic health conditions right now,” Kraemer said. "If you get into a road crash or you develop malaria, it’s very difficult to treat that right now."
He added: "This is the height of the malaria season right now. All of the things that normally make people sick in these countries are happening at the same time."
[This post has been updated.]
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national/health-science, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409947070/1409947070000/1409947070 tracking: {authors=Abby Phillip, blog_name=to-your-health, content_category=National/health-science, in_url_headline=how-ebola-the-kardashian-of-diseases-is-stealing-attention-from-illnesses-that-kill-more-people, post_id=4745, section={section=national/health-science, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 7:57:50 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 7:57:50 PM

The Job Markets Hot Streak Just SnappedYou're going to have to keep waiting in line.
Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
It's all over, folks. Payrolls grew by just 142,000 in August, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, well below expectations . Previously, the economy had added at least 200,000 jobs for six months straight , something that hadn't happened since 1997. The streak was nice while it lasted.
Meanwhile, the unemployment rate (6.1 percent) and labor force participation rate (62.8 percent) barely changed. On the bright side, average hourly earnings are up 2.1 percent for the year. 
Advertisement
It's always important to take the long view on the jobs report, which will be revised in the coming months—though probably not enough to put August over the 200,000 mark. But that view is pretty dull. The three-month rolling average of job creation has fallen back into the same range it's been hovering around for roughly the past two years. It's the same old story, plodding along.
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

Walmart to replace Carrefour stores in Delhi  Jaipur  AgraNivedita Mookerji |  New Delhi Sep 05, 2014
Last Updated at 11:58 PM IST
Walmart to take over Carrefour stores in Delhi, Jaipur, Agra
Carrefour had in July announced it was exiting the India market
American retail chain Walmart will replace three of the wholesale stores set up by French group Carrefour in India with its own, sources said.
Carrefour had in July announced it was exiting the India market. It has only a small team left in the country, to conclude the commercial and regulatory transactions. All senior officials, including the then India managing director,  Jean-Noel Bironneau, have returned to France.
With annual global revenue of €100 billion, Carrefour runs about 10,000 stores in 34 countries. KPMG has been helping the French chain sell its assets and exit India.
A source close to the development told Business Standard that Walmart had finalised a deal with the land owners concerned for long-term leases to take up  Carrefour stores in Delhi, Jaipur and Agra. However, the American chain refused to comment on “rumours or speculation”. Walmart has said it would expand its number of cash and carry or wholesale stores in India to 50 in the next four to five years, up from 20 now.
In Delhi and Jaipur, these will be Walmart’s first stores. It already has one in Agra. Beside Delhi, Jaipur and Agra, Carrefour had outlets in Bangalore and Meerut.  The readymade stores could give a time advantage of 12 to 18 months to a retailer, say experts.              
Rajneesh Kumar, vice-president of corporate affairs at Walmart, said: “Our planning team is diligently progressing on our growth strategy, as announced earlier, for opening an additional 50 cash and carry stores in the next four to five years in the country. Besides, based on the encouraging response to our B2B (business to business) e-commerce initiative (Hyderabad and Lucknow), we would soon start extending this virtual platform in our remaining stores, in a phased manner.”
Carrefour, the second-largest retail chain in the world after Walmart, had decided to exit India in a little less than four years after opening its first store in the country. In Asia, this was the only market where Carrefour had only cash and carry stores.
Carrefour entered the cash and carry segment in India in 2010, as a stepping stone for making a foray into the supermarket category.  Even when up to 51 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) was permitted in supermarkets or multi-brand retailing, Carrefour could not identify an Indian partner. Also,  the tough sourcing norms were a hurdle.
The current government is, however, opposed to FDI in multibrands. In cash and carry, 100 per cent FDI is allowed but Carrefour kept losing money in this segment.
EXPANSION
In Delhi and Jaipur, these will be Walmart’s first stores
 
Walmart already has a store in Agra
 
A source said Walmart had finalised the deal with land owners for long-term leases to take up  Carrefour stores in Delhi, Jaipur and Agra
 Advertisements

PM Modi interacts with students on Teachers  Day  says girl education top priority'Taskmaster' PM Modi plays the role of headmaster
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 05, 2014
First Published: 14:57 IST(5/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:57 IST(6/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi turned teacher for a day on Friday, chatting with an auditorium full of schoolchildren and teachers, sharing his vision of education and, through it, nation building, and making them smile with anecdotes from his childhood.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union minister Smriti Irani at the informal interation with teachers. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @PMOIndia)
He also took questions from the 1,000 Delhi students who had packed the Manekshaw Centre for the Teachers’ Day programme and from many more across the country who’d tuned in via video conference.
Read: Three cheers ring out for ‘Modi Sir’ in UP madrasas
“Your style conveys the image of a headmaster. Are you tough like a headmaster or are you sweet,” asked a girl in the crowd. “I am a taskmaster. I work hard and extract hard work from others,” the PM replied as millions of students watched him on TV in their schools and homes.
 
Most schools in the Capital, and elsewhere in the country, had made it mandatory for students to be present for the live broadcast of the PM’s speech.
Watch: Best of PM Modi's Teacher's Day speech
Modi exhorted students to become responsible citizens, wondered why they weren’t interested in becoming teachers, thought aloud about India becoming a country that exports teachers. Urging the young to work and play, he said, “You should play and sweat a lot, at least four times a day. Promise you will do it.” He added, “Keep the child in you alive.”
Asked if he’d played pranks as a boy, the PM spoke about tempting shehnai players with tamarind to make their mouth water and stapling the clothes of couples at weddings.
When a boy from Imphal asked him what he had to do to become PM, he responded, “Start preparing for the 2024 elections… at least till then I am safe.” 
A teacher should not discriminate. All children belong to the teacher. And every child has some talents: PM @narendramodi
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 5, 2014
Going back to a recurring theme, he spoke of the importance of educating girls, and building toilets for them in schools to stop them from dropping out. To a student from Port Blair, he said, “Serving the nation does not only mean doing grand things. Doing small things is a big service too. Remember to switch off the fan in your room when you leave, to turn off the taps as you brush your teeth, to keep your things tidy. It is these small things that help build a clean nation.”
When a visually impaired girl asked if he had ever thought he would one day become prime minister, he said, “I never even contested the election to become class monitor.”

Goldman Sachs: 6 hot tech companies2014 performance: +19%
One way to dethrone the king of local online advertising is to simply acquire it.
Despite its very familiar brand, Yelp's ( YELP ) market valuation is "only" $6.1 billion, potentially making it attractive for a a big Internet or travel company to buy.
Last week, Goldman Sachs ( GS ) predicted mergers and acqusitions (M&A) in the Internet world will accelerate since companies have so much cash on hand and they see potential benefits of scale.
There's already been over $50 billion of M&A action in the U.S. Internet sector this year, including Zillow's ( Z ) $3.5 billion acquisition of Trulia ( TRLA ).
One potential target is Yelp, which Goldman awarded an M&A score of 2, or "medium." That signals a 15% to 30% probability of a buyout. The bank also hiked its price target to $78 from $74 based on the increased likelihood of a deal.
"We believe Yelp's robust local content, relationships with agencies and SMBs (small businesses), and wide consumer reach could be valuable for online advertising and travel companies," Goldman wrote a recent note.
Internet giants like Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) and Priceline ( PCLN , Tech30 ) would seemingly have the cash and borrowing ability to pull off such a deal.

This is a pretty great Joan Rivers correctionJoan Rivers, the comedian, died Thursday in New York City. Various news organizations, including this one, ran remembrances of her comedy and persona. One of these stories  was followed by this rather entertaining correction:
“It was 2014, of course, not 1914.” pic.twitter.com/8uubxHtJtr
— Mark Berman (@themarkberman) September 5, 2014
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He anchors Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409930663/1409930663000/1409930663 tracking: {authors=Mark Berman, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=this-is-a-pretty-great-joan-rivers-correction, post_id=11025, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 3:24:23 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 3:24:23 PM
Comments
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409930663/1409930663000/1409930663 tracking: {authors=Mark Berman, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=this-is-a-pretty-great-joan-rivers-correction, post_id=11025, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 3:24:23 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 3:24:23 PM
SuperFan Badge

Intex launches Aqua Style Mini Android KitKat phone featuring MaryKomIntex Aqua Style Mini, at Rs. 4,990, sports a 4-inch WVGA Samsung Amoled display, 5 MP rear camera with flash, 1 GHz dual-core processor and runs on Android KitKat OS.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 5, 2014 8:59 pm
Intex Technologies has launched its Aqua Style Mini smartphone running Android 4.4.2 KitKat operating system at a price of Rs. 4,990.
The Aqua Style Mini houses a dual-core 1.0 GHz processor with  512 MB RAM and 1.23 GB of inbuilt memory which is expandable up to 32 GB  and is equipped with G + sensor.
The smartphone features a 4-inch WVGA Samsung Amoled display with a resolution of 480 x 800 pixels at 233 ppi. The same display can be found in the Samsung Galaxy S and other similar devices.
The Aqua Style Mini mounts a 5 MP rear camera with flash and a front VGA camera and has dual SIM functionality. Both the SIM card slots support 3G and is powered by a 1,400 mAh. The phone supports Bluetooth 4.0 and Wi-Fi.
Intex has associated with Viacom18 to be a brand partner, where-in Intex branding will be prominently featured in the film. To show its support, the company will be taking out 5000 limited edition smart phones with Olympic bronze medalist Mary Kom’s icon embossed at the back of its phones.
Available in two colors – White & Black, the phone will be exclusively available on Snapdeal and in a while can also be purchased from retail stores as well.
Key specs:
4-inch WVGA Samsung Amoled display
Android 4.4.2 KitKat OS

Congress cautions members about comments before mediaUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: A gag order was issued by Congress on Friday in the wake of the deepening chasm between its old guard and Team Rahul that saw the two sides target each other over the drubbing which the party faced in Lok Sabha polls.
In a stern message, Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi told both the seniors and juniors in the party to refrain from giving advice publicly through the media.
Dwivedi, who is the general secretary in-charge of Organisation, issued the advisory a day after 14 young Congress secretaries wrote a letter to him attacking the senior leaders for going public with "negative" comments.
In a stern message, Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi told both the seniors and juniors in the party to refrain from giving advice publicly through the media.
Dwivedi has forwarded their letter along with his advisory to all general secretaries, members of the Congress Working Committee and senior leaders.
Controversy had erupted after party general secretary Digvijay Singh's recent remarks that Rahul Gandhi's silence on critical issues had contributed to their loss in the "war of perception" and that he should have spoken more.
The young secretaries close to Rahul have interpreted it as an attack on the Congress Vice President.
Dwivedi himself had made certain comments prescribing an age limit for Congress leaders for taking active posts within the party. Those remarks, too, came in for criticism from some leaders.
In the letter, Dwivedi said, "I am enclosing a letter from 14 Secretaries of the AICC who have expressed concern over the public statements of some senior Congressmen regarding affairs of the party which in their view harmed the interests of the organisation.
"I am sure that all colleagues will take their views with due sensitivity. I am issuing separate letters to them also advising that in future they should refrain from giving such advice publicly through the media."
Dwivedi's letter is an advice to both party elders and the Congress young Turks. The latter had yesterday freely vented their ire before the media over remarks by some senior leaders following the Lok Sabha poll debacle. Dwivedi's letter seeks to bring to an end to the acrimony.
Rahul, who was on a visit to his Lok Sabha constituency Amethi yesterday, had also sought to downplay the rift. "There are multiple voices in Congress and all these voices will bring a solution for it. There are always these types of tensions and we will deal with them," Rahul had said when asked to comment on the infighting within the party.

Meet the unashamed 33-year-old who brought the stolen celebrity nudes to the massesBy Caitlin Dewey September 5 Follow @caitlindewey
Johnsmcjohn, as he’s called on Reddit , sounds utterly unashamed of the key role he played in bringing dozens of stolen celebrity nudes to the masses.
In /r/TheFappening, the forum he created and still moderates, “John” has rejoiced over the forum’s explosive growth and thanked users who upload particularly juicy troves. He’s proudly claimed that more people have viewed the nude photos than have viewed any other forum on Reddit.
And, in perhaps the loudest and most audacious statement of all, “John” has moderated /r/TheFappening not from a burner account, which would shield him from identification and controversy, but from his actual Reddit username.
John did not respond to messages on multiple social media platforms requesting comment on his role in the celebrity photo debacle. But The Washington Post was able to cross-reference multiple blogs, accounts and public records, as well as Johnsmcjohn’s three years of activity on Reddit, to construct a portrait of the the 33-year-old Nevadan who took J. Law’s nudes mainstream.
The Post is not revealing “John’s” real name, or accounts linked to his real name, out of concern for his privacy. (A concern that, notably, he hasn’t extended to the celebrities whose accounts were hacked.)
“Memorable Labor Day weekend!” John tweeted Sunday evening as news of the celebrity photos started to spread.
Jennifer Lawrence was one of the actresses whose photos spread on Reddit. (Reuters/Lucy Nicholson)
To be clear, John is not the hacker of the photos, and it doesn’t appear that he belonged to the nude-trading ring that hacked dozens of celebrities over a period of months. But he is responsible for spotting the photos on 4Chan — a highly inaccessible, niche Internet community, inhabited largely by trolls — and promoting them on Reddit, where they promptly attracted an audience in the millions before spilling out into mainstream media. Since then, he’s also taken on the role of editor-in-chief of the free-for-all: policing for Photoshop jobs and underage photos, posting traffic statistics for the forum, and generally making sure that the photos remain publicly accessible on Reddit — the one mainstream network that has not moved to take them down — for as long as humanly possible.
In other words, John – by all accounts a normal Internet-dwelling dude, with no particular notoriety or qualifications — was the original gatekeeper of the celebrity nudes. If you’ve seen the photos, he is, to large degree, the person who made that possible.
According to his personal blog, Twitter and LinkedIn profile, John has spent much of the past five years ping-ponging through a smattering of short-term odd jobs on the West Coast. He played professional poker, he yo-yoed on the Vegas strip, he applied to be an Apple Genius (… without success).
Model Kate Upton (left) was also a victim of the hack. (Photo by Ryan Pierse/Getty Images)
In 2011, after getting laid off from a YouTube tech video series for which he was working, John lost his car, his laptop, and his phone. He applied for a trade license and failed the background check over unspecified “incidents” in Colorado. Undeterred, John registered a new Web site and claimed to be working on a startup to “monetize the common web.” Whatever that means, it doesn’t seem to have worked out.
“$100 needed to keep utilities on,” he posted on Reddit just last week, requesting a loan from a stranger to pay his gas bill. “Thank you for any help you can give me.”
John has — as the loan request might suggest — never shied away from discussing controversial or personal subjects online. Outside of /r/TheFappening, he’s also a moderator and active member of Reddit’s cocaine forum, where he advises other users on the intricacies of finding safe dealers, snorting lines and passing drug tests after you’ve used. He regularly discusses his financial problems on Reddit and Twitter. And on Asexuality.org and WrongPlanet.net — forums for people who are asexual and have autism, respectively — John has detailed his struggle with “undiagnosed Asperger’s ” and his gradual realization that he wasn’t “attracted to anyone.”
“About two weeks ago some friends from back home came to town and the first thing they wanted to do was hit the strip club,” he wrote at one point. “I went and was bored to tears.”
It’s an odd confession, coming from the guy whose only claim to Internet infamy rests in a trove of naked photos. If he didn’t create the forum for his own personal titillation, then why exactly did he start it? Reddit karma? Kicks? The adulation of a million unprincipled “fappers” who, even as I write this, are cheering John’s moderation skills?
Or maybe, more likely, it’s something else: the extraordinary, unprecedented power of orchestrating the takedown of a hundred beautiful, famous women from the (dis?)comfort of one’s almost gas-less home.
McKayla Maroney, who was allegedly 16 when her nude photos were taken, demanded the images be removed from “The Fappening” forum, which quickly complied. (Katherine Frey/The Washington Post)
And that’s striking, not only as part of the narrative on how this particular story went viral, but also as an illustration of how the Internet has upended traditional power structures more generally.
We’ve known for a long time that Reddit is something of a feeding ground for the Internet media — it is, as I put it in May , the “plankton of the digital information ecosystem,” the stuff on which the rest of the Internet feeds. But even within Reddit, there are hierarchies that include individuals who, like John, have enormous control over the flow of information. Because we never know most mods’ names, and because Reddit’s moderation policy is militantly hands-off, they rarely face the type of scrutiny common in other, traditional media structures.
Many would argue that’s a good thing. Reddit is, after all, a longtime corporate advocate of free speech and the open Internet, a platform founded on the principle that Internet users should be able to say and read and gawk at whatever the hell they want. Perhaps Lawrence and the other victims of “The Fappening” feel differently.
In either case, John’s social footprint seems to indicate a guy who falls on the radical transparency side of the spectrum — who believes in making personal information public, no matter how intimate or embarrassing it turns out to be.
At one point in 2011, John made his main Twitter handle private — perhaps to hide tweets about things like the 40 cents in his bank account and how many nights he gets drunk in a week. But before long, he put even that material back in the open again.
“Not going to hide who I am,” he tweeted. “Welcome back.”
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409930960/1409930960000/1409930960 tracking: {authors=Caitlin Dewey, blog_name=the-intersect, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=meet-the-unashamed-33-year-old-who-brought-the-stolen-celebrity-nudes-to-the-masses, post_id=2811, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 3:29:20 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 3:29:20 PM

Can Centre improve quality of government schoolsCan Centre improve quality of government schools
India  Australia ink long-awaited nuclear energy dealIndia  Australia ink long-awaited nuclear energy deal
Ace Tours Worldwide announces change in directorateAce Tours Worldwide announces change in directorate
Rape charges will attract people to the party: Jalpaiguri Trinamool leaderComments
Faced with increasing attack of the opposition parties in the wake of accusations of rape and murder of a class X student, a senior ruling party leader in West Bengal on Friday said such accusations will only bolster the party membership.
Sourav Chakraborty the TMC Jalpaiguri district president on Fridayjoined the league of his party leaders who have made insensitive remarks.  Chakraborty claimed that the rape and accusations would always exist.  "Rape is a social malady, which will continue happening and so will be accusations. The more the accusations grow, so will grow our party membership," Chakrabarty told media persons.
Chakraborty was reacting on the allegations that the TMC local leaders and supporters were involved in the rape and murder of the class X girl at Dhupguri in Jalpaiguri district whose naked body was found from near a railway track on Tuesday morning.
The girl was missing from Monday night when local TMC leaders had called a salashi sabha or kangaroo court to solve a dispute between the victims’ father and his neighbour.
Anukul Burman the father of the victim had filed FIR against 13 persons most of them TMC leaders and supporters.
Himani Burman went missing from Monday night after the meeting.  In the meeting the TMC leaders asked Anukul Burman to pay the rent to Anil Burman from whom he had hired a power tiller. When Anukul said that he would not be able to pay the money immediately, he was assaulted and insulted. Himani who had accompanied her father in the meeting protested. Villagers claimed that those present in the meeting instead turned on the girl and demanded she lick spittle off the ground. 
She went missing from Monday late night and her naked body was found next morning from near railway track.
The Left Front has sought Governor K.N. Tripathi's intervention.  Three people have been arrested in connection with the case.
Chakraborty's comments have been strongly criticized by CPI-M, Congress and the BJP.
Earlier, Trinamool MP Tapas Paul had created a major controversy  when he threatened to unleash his boys to rape Marxist women while party MLA from Diamond Harbour Dipak Kumar Halder set off an outrage by saying so long as the earth exists, rape will continue to happen.
The ruling Trinamool Congress is facing increasing hit from opposition parties forcing the state government to send a forensic team to the spot from where the girl’s naked dead body was recovered.
Today a forensic team from North Bengal Medical College and Hospital (NBMCH) visited Dhupguri and collected samples from near the railway line from where the body was recovered. The General Railway police are investigating the matter. 
However opposition parties like the CPM, Congress, BJP and SUCI have been claiming that the police and the local administration are trying to hush up the matter.
Pritha Sarkar the district magistrate of Jalpaiguri said on Fridayevening, “The post mortem report said prima-facie there was no sexual assault.” “We should handle the matter clinically,” she told Hindustan times. 
However, Jayanta Majumdar the CPI (M) Dhupguri zonal committee secretary told Hindustan Times in the afternoon, “The post mortem report is likely to be changed under the pressure of the administration.”
Talking to Hindustan Times on Friday evening, Chakraborty denied of making such statements. He told Hindustan Times “The more baseless allegations are made against the party, the party would get stronger.”
He also said, “The post mortem report would clear everything.” 
Jayanta Majumdar who is also the convenor of Left Front in Dhupguri block said “We had demanded that a central forensic team to visit the spot and the state Governor  K N Tripathi's intervention.” “We do not have faith on the state forensic team which had also conducted the post mortem,” said Mazumdar.  He also alleged that the Dhupguri municipality chairman and vice chairman went to the victim’s family and offered money to the father. The civic body is controlled by the TMC.
Mazumdar who claimed to have seen the body of the girl said, “The clothes of the Vitim were lying on one side of the railway track and the naked body was found on the other side of the track.” 

India-Australia sign civil nuclear agreement  agree on bilateral maritime exerciseUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: India and Australia on Friday signed the long-awaited civil nuclear agreement that will allow Australia to export uranium to India as well as three other agreements, including on water resources and in sports during Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott visit to India.
The four agreements were inked as Prime Minister Narendra Modi held talks in New Delhi with his visiting Australian counterpart Tony Abbott.
The MoU on Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy will promote cooperation in the peaceful uses of nuclear energy, and recognizes India's commitment and use of nuclear energy with a view to achieving sustainable development and strengthening energy security, an official statement said.
Australia can play the role of a long-term reliable supplies of uranium to India, the statement said, adding the agreement provides for supply of uranium, production of radio isotopes, nuclear safety and other areas of cooperation.
The second MoU is on cooperation in sport, and the agreement is aimed to promote exchange of programmes, experience, skills, techniques and knowledge in the field of sports.
It will facilitate exchanges of sports personnel, coaches and officials as well as of training and technologies. It will develop preparation for competitions and broad cooperation in sports, the statement said.
The third MOU is on cooperation in the field of water resources management and will promote sharing of policy and technical experiences in water resources, particularly river basin management. It will encourage familiarisation of best practices and technologies developed by each side and for exchange of information and training. A Joint Working Group will coordinate the activities.
The two sides also inked an MoU on Cooperation in Technical Vocational Education and Training (TVET), which is aimed to promote exchange of information and policy ideas in TVET systems, joint implementation of collaborative projects and facilitating links between governments, industry organizations and TVET bodies.
The focus will be to share experience and policy to build work force that is skilled and globally productive. The skills will promote broader cooperation including greater access to skilled labour across the region, the statement from the ministry of external affairs said.
(With Inputs from IANS)
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 5, 2014
Civil Nuclear cooperation agreement is a historic milestone in our relationship. - @PMOIndia

Two school girls found hanging from a tree in AssamUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Silchar: In a grim reminder of the Badayun rape-murder, two school girls were hung from the two ends of the same rope from a tree in Assam's Karimganj district.
Both the girls, one a Class 10 and the other a Class 9 student, of a school in Nilambazar area had been missing since Wednesday evening, police said on Friday.
The family members frantically looked for them, but failed to locate them.
Minor boy rapes a 4-year-old girl in Jaipur
A relative of one of the girls spotted the bodies hanging from a tree.
The tree is located barely two km from the India-Bangladesh border.
Locals suspect that the girls were first raped and then killed to cover up the crime.
Police said that the girls were hanged with two ends of one rope.
In Uttar Pradesh's Badaun district, two teenaged cousins were gang-raped and hanged from a tree in Katra Sadatganj village, a crime that grabbed global headlines.
Karimganj Additional Superintendent of Police (HQ) Nabin Singh said that the bodies of the two girls have been sent for post mortem examination.
"A police team had gone to the area on Thursday after being informed by the locals. We have recovered the bodies and sent those for postmortem and forensic test," he said.
"We are waiting for the postmortem report ...which can only confirm the exact cause of death and if there are any rape angle," said Singh.

AAP to meet Prez to oppose move to invite BJP to form govtAAP to meet Prez to oppose move to invite BJP to form govt
AirAsia India launches Jaipur  Chandigarh flightsAirAsia India launches Jaipur  Chandigarh flights
Americans grow willing for military actionSeptember 5, 2014 5:40 pm
Americans grow willing to accept military intervention
By Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4ecea52-3516-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US employers add 142K jobs  fewest in 8 monthsUS employers add 142K jobs, fewest in 8 months
AP Sep 5, 2014, 07.02PM IST
Tags:
Department of Labor
(The weaker-than-expected…)
WASHINGTON: US employers hired the fewest number of workers in eight months in August and more Americans gave up the hunt for jobs, providing a cautious Federal Reserve with more reasons to wait longer before raising interest rates.
Nonfarm payrolls increased 142,000 last month after expanding by 212,000 in July, the Labor Department said on Friday. The jobless rate fell one-tenth of a per centage point to 6.1 per cent, but that was partly because people dropped out of the labor force.
"Fed Chair Janet Yellen will be able to use the weakness to hold off hawks who would like to raise rates soon," said Diane Swonk, chief economist at Mesirow Financial in Chicago.
Data for June and July were revised to show 28,000 fewer jobs created than previously reported. In addition, manufacturing saw no job growth and retail payrolls declined for the first time since February.
Even though job growth slowed, the report still suggested that some of the slack in the labor market was being taken up.
US stocks were little changed at midday, while prices for US Treasury debt rose and the dollar slipped against a basket of currencies. Interest rate futures, which had been pointing to a likely rate hike in June of next year, rose to suggest less of a chance. However, they still showed dealers expect the Fed to bump up borrowing costs in July.
Wall Street had expected payrolls to increase by 225,000.
Swonk and other economists questioned whether the data was presenting an accurate picture given that it was at odds with other bullish labor market indicators.
They noted that first-time applications for unemployment benefits are hovering near pre-recession levels, that manufacturing and service sector surveys showed strong employment growth in August, and that household perceptions of the labor market had brightened significantly.
In addition, difficulties adjusting the data for seasonal fluctuations have tended to understate job growth in August.
"The fundamentals in the economy remain solid, this is one month, and the economy should continue to expand at a decent pace in the second half of 2014," said Gus Faucher, a senior economist at PNC Financial Services in Pittsburgh.
Number of long-term unemployed eases
Yellen has expressed concern about sluggish wage growth, the still-elevated number of Americans working part-time even though they want full-time employment, and Americans still suffering from long spells of joblessness.
The US central bank, which has held benchmark interest rates near zero since December 2008, has pointed to these metrics as evidence of "significant underutilization" of labor market resources that merits a stimulative monetary policy.
The labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.8 per cent in August from 62.9 per cent in July. Before the United States fell into recession, it stood at 66.0 per cent.
A paper published on Thursday by the Brookings Institution, a Washington-based think tank, suggested the decline was primarily due to an aging population and other structural factors, and it concluded the labor force will continue to shrink.
Other metrics on Yellen's so-called dashboard, however, showed improvement.
A broad measure of joblessness that includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment fell to 12.0 per cent, the lowest level since October 2009.
The gap between that figure and the official unemployment rate narrowed, a further sign of tightening labor market conditions. At the same time, the number of long-term unemployed Americans was the lowest since January 2009.
Average hourly earnings rose 6 cents in August, which marked an acceleration from July. Still, the year-on-year change held at 2.1 per cent, which suggests little buildup of wage-related inflation pressure.
The Fed next meets on Sept. 16-17 to debate the course of monetary policy.
Jobs in the private sector increased 134,000 after rising 213,000 in July. Government employment increased 8,000 as state governments hired teachers at the start of the new school year.
But manufacturing payrolls were the weakest in a year. The sector had added a hefty 28,000 jobs in July, which reflected a decision by automakers to keep assembly lines running in the summer. Auto payrolls fell 4,600, the first decline since March.
Construction employment advanced 20,000, rising for an eighth straight month. The length of the average workweek held steady at 34.5 hours for a sixth month in a row.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IS recruitment of foreign fighters key issue for NATO: USarmed conflict
The shadow of the Islamic State appeared to loom large over the meeting of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation in Wales, U.K., this week, as alliance partners led by the U.S. urged the coalition to take steps toward formulating a coordinated policy response to the threat posed by the insurgent group in Iraq and Syria.
In a joint statement, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and his defence counterpart Chuck Hagel said that the multiple lines of effort by an international coalition to defeat IS should entail military support to Iraqi forces, stopping the flow of foreign fighters, countering IS’ financing and funding, addressing humanitarian crises, and de-legitimising their extremist ideology.
“We and the Ministers agreed here today that there is no time to waste in building a broad international coalition to degrade and, ultimately, to destroy the threat posed by ISIL,” the Secretaries said, using another acronym for IS.
Underscoring the importance of coordinated efforts in this regard, they cited the joint action by the military forces of the U.S., France, Australia, and the UK to deliver humanitarian supplies to the citizens of Amerli in northern Iraq in recent days.
They pledged to extend such cooperation in fighting IS to other strategic aspects including the “strong Chapter 7 UN Security Council Resolution enacted last month that calls on all member states to take decisive action to stop the flow of foreign fighters, counter ISIL's financing.”
At one of the events on the sidelines of the NATO dialogue Mr. Kerry noted that U.S. President Barack Obama would be leading a National Security Council meeting in New York in the course of United Nations General Assembly, which would focus specifically on the challenge of dealing with foreign fighters taking up arms with IS.
Hinting that the U.S. hoped that the UNGA meeting at the end of this month would be a deadline of sorts, he said “We very much hope that people will be as declarative as some of our friends around the table have been in order to be clear about what they’re willing to commit, because we must be able to have a plan together by the time we come to UNGA, we need to have this coalesce.”
The leaders further announced the creation of a multinational task force to share more information about the flow of foreign fighters into Syria and from Syria into Iraq, a phenomenon that they described as “an acute threat to our NATO allies.”
At the meeting NATO leaders also approved plans to set up a rapid response force with a headquarters in Eastern Europe, which could quickly mobilise if an allied nation in the region were to come under attack.
Although he did not directly reference Russia and the recent violence in Ukraine, NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said the new unit would send a clear message to potential aggressors.
“Should you even think of attacking one ally, you will be facing the whole alliance,” he said.

Bear market for gilts the next big moveSeptember 5, 2014 8:49 am
Bear market for gilts the next big move
By Neil Collins
State will issue more paper whether investors want it or not
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b8881e88-34cb-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Main Sts subprime lenders hit headwindsSeptember 5, 2014 8:35 am
Main St’s subprime lenders hit headwinds
By Tracy Alloway in Las Vegas
Zero-interest retailers feel pinch of overloaded credit market
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f6796f4-3445-11e4-8039-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BALTIMORE COMIC-CON 2014: Here are Comic Riffs picks for three days of nerd funThe cover of the Baltimore Comic-Con’s 2014 yearbook, which pays tribute to Matt Wagner’s creator-owned property on Grendel’s 30th anniversary.
 
BALTIMORE COMIC-CON pulls into the Inner Harbor this afternoon for three days of artist close-ups, cosplay and illustrative sessions at the Baltimore Convention Center.
To help you navigate all the fun between now and Sunday, here are a few of our don’t-miss picks:
1. THE ART AUCTION
(Friday, 5 p.m.)
This year’s Comic-Con Yearbook not only features dozens of artists paying visual tribute to Matt Wagner’s Grendel 30 years on, but the book also benefits a great cartoonist who has leukemia.
“Grendel was always on the short list of creator-owned characters that we wanted to do, and Matt has been a returning guest since the second year [in 2002],” Baltimore Comic-Con promoter Marc Nathan tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “With the new series coming out, we felt that this was the year.” (Previous years have saluted creater-owned properties like Stan Sakai’s Usagi Jojimbo and Frank Cho’s Liberty Meadows.)
“Everyone really stepped up their game this year” for the yearbook art, says contributor Steve Conley , who will be selling new softcover editions of his book “Bloop.”
A portion of the yearbook’s auction proceeds will benefit the New York-based cartoonist Seth Kushner. “Seth is also a friend, and the [proceeds] decision happened on the night that Seth found out that he had to go in for second round” of treatment, Nathan says.
That night, Nathan called friend Dean Haspiel , the Emmy-winning cartoonist, and “we worked out a plan.”
“Seth is a photographer/writer and friend of the show, and one of my studio mates, and he is currently battling leukemia,” Haspiel tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “I immediately told Marc how gracious he was to offer that kind of gift and that was set into motion.
“On the day of the deadline for the yearbook, I suggested to Seth that he try and draw a Grendel pin-up from his hospital bed, which he did, and I called Brad Tree and asked him to stop the presses, which he did, in order to get Seth into the book,” says Haspiel, creator of the new Billy Dogma book “Fear, My Dear.”
“I know that Seth feels honored to be a part of such a thoughtful comix community and to be a recipient of such kindness. Good will goes a long way, and we’re hoping everything works out for the best for our pal, Seth.”
(To learn more about Seth and to contribute to his cause, click HERE. )
(Note: The Matt Wagner Spotlight session will be Saturday at 1 p.m.)
2. THE WALTER & LOUISE SIMONSON SPOTLIGHT
(Friday at 4 p.m.)
3. THE PAUL POPE SPOTLIGHT
(Saturday at 2 p.m.)
The Simonsons’ superheroic portfolio is a bonanza — from the Son of Krypton to the son of Odin. And Pope has created a teen superhero for a new generation with his “Battling Boy” books.
“I’m looking forward to the Paul Pope Spotlight, and the Walter and Louise Simonson Spotlight,” Haspiel tells Comic Riffs. “Paul is a peer and Walter is a mentor of mine. Two groundbreaking cartoonists whose careers I aim to emulate in both spirit and soul. And, Louise is possibly the kindest person in comics, who’s editing and writing establishes her as one of the greats.”
Paul Pope also recently re-released his Fellini-meets-Picasso graphic novel about a circus escape artist, “Escapo. ”
“The Paul Pope Spotlight also looks intriguing,” says Con exhibitor Carolyn Belefski, creator of the webcomic “Curls.” “I enjoy how he is so loose with his craft.”
4. PEANUTS AND BEYOND: THE OTHER SIDE OF CHARLES M. SCHULZ
(Saturday at 1 p.m.)
Schulz Museum director Karen Johnson will illuminate Schulz the man through his cartoons, including unpublished art and conceptual sketches. This session is about “seeing the world through the eyes of this artist,” Johnson tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “He said: ‘Everything I am is in the strip.’ … It’s like you get to see his thought process and all that went into it.”
In her time at the Northern California museum, Johnson tells us, “one of the best things in the past 11 years is finding these hidden treasures” — the unpublished and little-seen works.
Plus, BOOM Studios editor-in-chief Matt Gagnon will examine Sparky Schulz’s legacy as viewed through the current KaBOOM! “Peanuts” books.
(Note: Johnson will also be at Saturday night’s Harvey Awards banquet to receive the inaugural Harvey Kurtzman Hall of Fame Award on behalf of the first recipient: the late Charles Schulz.)
5. THE MAKING OF THE FIFTH BEATLE: THE BEATLES IN COMICS
(Saturday at noon)
Last weekend at the National Book Festival, I had the pleasure of talking with (and introducing during the Graphic Novel Night session) Tony-winning theater producer Vivek J. Tiwary, whose Harvey Award-nominated graphic novel “The Fifth Beatle” (art by Andrew C. Robinson and Kyle Baker) is a passion project about Beatles manager Brian Epstein. This is a great peek into what it’s like to being a Beatles story to the page.
6. WHAT DOES AN EDITOR DO?
(Saturday at 5 p.m.)
Editors from DC, Marvel, BOOM! and Valiant will discuss how the role of editor has changed with the times in the comics industry.
This panel intrigues Belefski, the “Curls” creator, she says because
“it’s always interesting to know how editors work behind-the-scenes and the process of creating from a decision-making perspective.
“Since I’ve been editor of the past four issues of Magic Bullet, it helps to see what other editors are doing — if I decide to publish other creators in future projects, or even work with them as an art director in other roles of life.”
7.  SPOTLIGHT ON GAIL SIMONE
(Saturday at 3 p.m.)
The great Gail Simone will be in conversation with Dynamite associate editor Molly Mahan, to talk about writing about Red Sonja and the forthcoming Women of Dynamite miniseries. With any luck, she’ll also say something her brand-new assignment: Secret Six.
8. THE SIXTH ANNUAL COSTUME CONTEST
(Sunday at 1 p.m.)
Always a spectacle to witness the range of creations and ingenuity. Registration opens when the show does (10 a.m.). $5 entry for adult contestants; all youth contestants can enter free
9. TOP LOCAL ARTISTS DRAW LIVE!
(Saturday at 4 p.m.; Sunday at 4 p.m.)
On Saturday, “Liberty Meadows” creator Frank Cho will do a one-hour drawing demonstration based on audience suggestion; the art will be raffled off. And on Sunday, “Bloop” creator Steve Conley will feature how to draw nature as part of his “Kids Love Comics” session.
10. VIP ALL-STAR RECEPTION
(Friday at 8 p.m.)
For a higher price tag, you can attend this limited-ticket cocktail-party event  alongside such comics stars as Mark Waid , Dave Gibbons , Barry Kitson, Greg Capullo, Gail Simone and Maryland’s own Frank Cho — as well as Chewbacca actor Peter Mayhew. (No one younger than 21 will be admitted.)
(Note, Star Wars fans: Mayhew, the world’s most famous Wookiee, will receive a Spotlight session Sunday at noon.)
For all the programming, guest lists and ticket information, go to the Baltimore Comic-Con website.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=entertainment, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1409936122/1409936122000/1409936122 tracking: {authors=Michael Cavna, blog_name=comic-riffs, content_category=Entertainment, in_url_headline=baltimore-comic-con-2014-here-are-the-comic-riffs-picks-for-three-days-of-nerd-fun, post_id=2306, section={section=entertainment, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 5, 2014 4:55:22 PM close date: Sep 19, 2014 4:55:22 PM

Prashant Bhushan writes to PM against CBI chiefPrashant Bhushan writes to PM against CBI chief
Kesar Terminals and InfrastructurePlatinum Member
9923 Followers
At 14:14 hrs, Kesar Terminals and Infrastructure was trading at Rs 264.30 down 7.26%. During the last one hour the stock declined 5.09%. See more Do you know what's the buzz in this stock? 2 comments
Reply to this message

Obama pledges to fight IsisLast updated: September 5, 2014 1:56 pm
Obama leads coalition in fight against Isis
By Sam Jones in Newport
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f4e5522-34e6-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama On Journalists  Slayings:  Justice Will Be ServedPresident Obama Vows 'Justice Will Be Served' For American Reporters' Murders By Islamic State Militants
 | By                                                                JULIE PACE
reddit
President Obama is vowing that "justice will be served" after the U.S. verified the authenticity of a video of freelance reporter Steven Sotloff's killing.
TALLINN, Estonia (AP) — President Barack Obama said Wednesday that the United States will not be intimidated by Islamic State militants after the beheading of a second American journalist and will build a coalition to "degrade and destroy" the group.
Obama still did not give a timeline for deciding on a strategy to go after the extremist group's operations in Syria. "It's going to take time for us to be able to roll them back," the president said at a news conference during a visit to Europe.
The president's comments came after he said the United States had verified the authenticity of a video released Tuesday showing the beheading of freelance reporter Steven Sotloff, two weeks after journalist James Foley was similarly killed.
Obama vowed the U.S. would not forget the "terrible crime against these two fine young men."
"We will not be intimidated. Their horrific acts only unite us as a country and stiffen our resolve to take the fight against these terrorists," Obama said. "And those who make the mistake of harming Americans will learn that we will not forget, and that our reach is long and that justice will be served."
During an appearance in Maine, Vice President Joe Biden said the U.S. would follow the militants to "the gates of hell."
"As a nation, we're united. And when people harm Americans, we don't retreat, we don't' forget," Biden said. "We take care of those who're grieving and when that's finished they should know we will follow them to the gates of hell until they are brought to justice. Because hell is where they'll reside."
Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement that "barbarity, sadly, isn't new to our world. Neither is evil."
Obama also sought to clean up the damage from his statement last week that "we don't have a strategy yet" for dealing with the Islamic State group in Syria. Republicans quickly seized on the remark to argue the president lacks a coherent approach to fighting the extremist group.
"It is very important from my perspective that when we send our pilots in to do a job, that we know that this is a mission that's going to work, that we're very clear on what our objectives are, what our targets are," Obama said. "We've made the case to Congress and we've made the case to the American people, and we've got allies behind us so that it's not just a one-off, but it's something that over time is going to be effective."
In the Sotloff video, a masked militant warns Obama that as long as U.S. airstrikes against the Islamic State group continue, "our knife will continue to strike the necks of your people."
Obama responded that the airstrikes have been effective in blunting the militant threat and he will continue to battle the "barbaric and ultimately empty vision" that the Islamic State represents. He said he will consult with NATO allies at a summit in Wales Thursday and Friday on a strategy to combat the Islamic State and other militant networks that arise.
"Our objective is clear, and that is to degrade and destroy ISIL so that it's no longer a threat — not just to Iraq, but also the region and to the United States," he said, using an acronym for the militant group.
Estonian President Toomas Hendrik Ilves, appearing alongside Obama, expressed solidarity in the fight. "We see ISIS as a serious threat to all of us, and stand together with the United States and our allies on this issue," Ilves said, using an alternative name for the group.
Sotloff, a 31-year-old Miami-area native who freelanced for Time and Foreign Policy magazines, vanished a year ago in Syria and was not seen again until he appeared in the video that showed Foley's beheading. Dressed in an orange jumpsuit against an arid Syrian landscape, Sotloff was threatened in that video with death unless the U.S. stopped airstrikes on the Islamic State.
In the video distributed Tuesday and titled "A Second Message to America," Sotloff appears in a similar jumpsuit before he is apparently beheaded by a fighter with the Islamic State, the extremist group that has conquered wide swaths of territory across Syria and Iraq and declared itself a caliphate.
British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond told the BBC Wednesday that the masked, British-accented jihadist appears to be the same person shown in the Foley footage. In the video, the organization threatens to kill another hostage, this one identified as a British citizen.
Last week, Sotloff's mother, Shirley Sotloff, pleaded with his captors for mercy, saying in a video that her son was "an innocent journalist" and "an honorable man" who "has always tried to help the weak."
Obama said the prayers of the American people are with the family of the "devoted and courageous journalist" who deeply loved the Islamic world and whose "life stood in stark contrast to those who have murdered him so brutally."
"His killers try to claim that they defend the oppressed, but it was Steven who traveled across the Middle East, risking his life to tell the story of Muslim men and women demanding justice and dignity," Obama said. "Whatever these murderers think they'll achieve by killing innocent Americans like Steven, they have already failed. They have failed because, like people around the world, Americans are repulsed by their barbarism."
State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Tuesday that it is believed that "a few" Americans are still being held by the Islamic State. Psaki would not give any specifics, but one is a 26-year-old woman who was kidnapped while doing humanitarian aid work in Syria, according to a family representative who asked that the hostage not be identified out of fear for her safety.
___
Associated Press writer David Sharp in Kittery, Maine, contributed to this report.
___
Follow Julie Pace on Twitter at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC
Also on HuffPost:

How Will Europe s New Foreign Policy Chief Cope With the "Ring of Instability"reddit
BERLIN -- Europe is surrounded by a ring of instability. With conflicts festering from Ukraine to Iraq to Libya, the perennially elusive question is what Europe stands for. How do its values, interests, and ambitions fit into an increasingly unruly world? The nomination of the new European foreign policy chief last weekend looks like yet another missed opportunity to provide an answer.
Federica Mogherini, the Italian foreign minister, has been appointed after strenuous opposition by some European governments and a majority of independent observers. The reasons are multiple: the 41-year-old appointee has occupied her current office only since February of this year. That's seen as too little to meet the unusually virulent challenges piling up on the desk of the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, as the post is officially called.
Mogherini has also had a hard time confounding critics because of Italy's traditionally close relations with Russia. The range of business ties between the two countries has led Italian officials to adopt a supposedly accommodating stance throughout the deteriorating crisis in Ukraine. Moscow has been quick to pick up on this to divide its European opponents.
"We welcome Italy's understanding that Russia and the EU should strengthen their strategic partnership," Russia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs tweeted a few weeks ago, above a picture of a smiling Mogherini sitting next to Russia's foreign minister.
#Lavrov : We welcome #Italy 's understanding that #Russia and the #EU should strengthen their strategic partnership pic.twitter.com/VH9Z40iyXI
-- MFA Russia (@mfa_russia) July 9, 2014
Perhaps not coincidentally, in the first pronouncement at the European Parliament after her nomination, Mogherini stated bluntly that the EU's strategic partnership with Russia is " clearly over ."
Add to this the irony that in recent years Italy has not exactly shone on the path of fiscal and "moral" rectitude, as some commentators in Europe's north remarked over the weekend, and yet the country has been rewarded with two of the top posts at the EU's economic and political pinnacle (the other being the European Central Bank's presidency, occupied by Mario Draghi).
Regrettably, the recent nomination looks more like the rule than the exception. The current High Representative, Catherine Ashton, had been opposed on grounds very similar to those now being raised about her successor. What is worse, the selection of the EU's foreign policy chief has never been about foreign policy: hardly any discussion of substance has accompanied the selection, which was instead determined by considerations of gender balance and political affiliation.
These are no excuses for having low expectations, but they go to show that the rut is much deeper than personality; it concerns what Europe wants and what it wants the world to see. For that, style and charisma surely matter, but convictions should matter even more. Mogherini is neither a manager nor a diplomat, and she must rely on the qualification that suits her best -- that of a politician (full disclosure: this author first met Mogherini almost a decade ago while collaborating in an Italian general election campaign).
Italy has historically had an important role to play in many of Europe's hottest international dossiers, from the Mediterranean to Iran Mogherini should capitalize on these and select a handful of high-level priorities, where her voice can be distinctive. She will need to listen intently to all the actors that claim a place in European foreign policy, from member states to an ever more assertive European Parliament, to civil society. She should surround herself with advisors who are detached from the surreal bubble of Brussels' technocracy and punditry. And she should forge a narrative that translates in simple, resounding terms the often obscure groundwork carried by the some 6,000 staff employed around the world by the External Action Service, Europe's putative diplomatic corps.
Above all, a policymaker of Mogherini's generation should grasp the inescapable need of attuning foreign policy to the realities of a post-Western world. This is a less orderly, more competitive, unpredictable international environment, where the existing paradigms guiding transition to liberal democracy no longer apply. It is a world where Western living standards, our rule-based society, our way of life, continue to remain a magnet for millions the world over, as the boatloads of desperate migrants landing on Europe's shore remind us every week. But it is also a world where threats in faraway places -- be they terrorism or energy cut-offs -- can, in the blink of an eye, translate in dire consequences for our own citizens.
If there is one lesson from the ongoing upheavals in Europe's periphery, it's that Western foreign policy cannot be conducted in the way it used to be. But if we do nothing, the ring of instability will eventually close in on Europe itself.
Close

Amit Shah meets Uddhav Thackeray in MumbaiAmit Shah meets Uddhav Thackeray in Mumbai
Maruti to pay out royalty to Suzuki in rupeesMaruti to pay out royalty to Suzuki in rupees
Jaguar Land Rover set to drive Tata Motor s profitsJaguar Land Rover set to drive Tata Motor s profits
4 Reasons Older Entrepreneurs Hold All The Cardsreddit
When I told my friends and family that I was quitting my marketing job at a well-respected global company to start Sixty and Me, I was greeted with confused looks. After all, at age 64, I was supposed to be "winding down" and preparing for retirement. Like the thousands of older entrepreneurs that start a business in their 50s, 60s or beyond, I didn't see it that way. With 20 to 30 years ahead of me, I wanted to fill my remaining years with new adventures and valuable work. Now, with Sixty and Me and Profit After 50 growing and changing lives, I'm glad I did. At the same time, my experience raises some important questions.
Is it possible for older entrepreneurs to be successful? If so, how can we compete with our younger counterparts and tip the odds of success in our favor?
The first question is easy to answer. While scanning the pages of TechCrunch might make you feel like entrepreneurship is a club for collage drop-outs and genius hackers, the statistics don't lie. According to Bloomberg Businessweek , the number of entrepreneurs over age 50 has increased steadily in recent decades. They point out that, in 2011, 20.3% of the entrepreneurs were over 50. That's almost 3X the number of entrepreneurs between the ages of 25 and 34.
That's all well and good, you may be thinking. But, can older entrepreneurs really compete with their younger counterparts? Even if they have the passion, do they have the ideas? If they have the time, do they have the energy? Yes and yes. In fact, there are several reasons to believe that older entrepreneurs hold most of the cards.
Before you accuse me of being too hard on younger entrepreneurs, I want to explain a few things. First, I have a ton of respect for young founders, who take control of their lives and set out to create something great. I'm writing this article in a program that came from a company started by a college dropout, after all. Second, I am writing this because I see so many talented older people who don't start a company because they believe the common wisdom that entrepreneurship is a young person's game. When sit on the sidelines, everyone loses.
If you're over 50 and have a great idea, I hope that the following will inspire you to build your dream business! Here's are four ways older entrepreneurs hold all the cards:
Experience and Business Skills
There's a reason that younger entrepreneurs gravitate towards technology startups - It's what they know! If you know how to code, you can create something yourself and hope that it grows fast enough to bring on investment and figure out all the messy business details later. Of course, your idea may end up as one of the 90% of tech startups that fail, but, that's another topic.
Older entrepreneurs are in a different situation all-together. While most of us don't know how to code, we have a lifetime of experience to draw on. One of the best ways to decide what kind of company you want to start is to analyze your skills and passions . You don't have to create the next Instagram (unless you want to.) Whether your passion is for marketing or making cakes, engineering or education, your options are only limited by your imagination.
Of course, as every successful entrepreneur knows, it's not just enough to "build it and they will come." People also need to want your product. This is another area that older entrepreneurs have an advantage. If you have spent decades in a particular field, you probably have a good idea of the potential gaps in the market. So, ask yourself - what are the things that frustrate you? What specific problems do wish someone would solve?
Empathy and Perspective
Younger entrepreneurs have many positive attributes. Many of them are highly intelligent, driven and innovative. One word that I rarely hear in the context of younger founders is "empathetic." As the email leaks from Facebook CEO, Marc Zuckerberg and Snapchat CEO, Evan Spiegel show, maturity sometimes develops later than the ability to code.
Older entrepreneurs have had a lifetime to learn how to get along with other people. We have raised families, navigated the corporate jungle and travelled the world. Like all people, we have our selfish streak. But, we have learned how to put ourselves in other people's shoes.
When it comes to starting a company, this is not a trivial advantage. For starters, product creation requires us to understand the world from the perspective of others. In addition, unless you are planning on doing everything yourself, you will have to interact with all kinds of people on your road to startup success. In business, the fact that you care is not a weakness. It is one of the greatest strengths that older entrepreneurs have.
Financial Resources and Independence
I recently read The Launch Pad, by Randall Stross, which provides an insider look into Y Combinator, a program that provides seed capital and advice to entrepreneurs. At one point, the author describes the demographics of a typical group of entrepreneurs. They are almost all male (a topic for a different article) and in their 20s. Whether true or not, the perception that stories like this create is that it's much easier to get funded as a young entrepreneur. There is probably a lot of truth to this.
On the flip side, older entrepreneurs may be in a better position to self-fund their businesses. While their younger counterparts spend countless hours fighting for funding from family, friends and VCs, people of my generation can make their own decisions about what to invest in. That's not to say that we shouldn't be pushing for the investment community to take older entrepreneurs seriously. We should. But, in the meantime, we can take control of our own destinies.
Business and Personal Connections
Starting a business can be a lonely experience, but, it doesn't have to be. In fact, I would go as far as to say that isolation kills startups. Creating a successful company requires not only business contacts, but, also a strong personal network of friends, family and mentors. This is another area that older entrepreneurs have a significant advantage.
From finding new customers and suppliers to looking for sources of funding, our generation has the connections that we need to succeed. We just need to reach out.
We need to realize that starting a business after 50 is something to be proud of. It does not show that we are weak. It does not show a lack of preparation for retirement. Quite the opposite. It shows that we are rethinking retirement and saying to the world that we are not going to "age gracefully."
The truth is that there has never been a better time to be an older entrepreneur. We have the skills, perspective, resources, and connections to compete and win. Let's get out there and show the world what we can do!
Have you started a business in your 50s, 60s or later? What advice would you give to other older entrepreneurs who are just getting started? Please add your thoughts in the comments and "like", Google+ and share this article if you enjoyed it.
Earlier on Huff/Post50:

Allegations of impropriety against CBI chief; domestic staffAllegations of impropriety against CBI chief; domestic staff
Resurgent Cilic powers into U.S. Open semisResurgent Cilic powers into U.S. Open semis
Govt seeks operational details of coal blocks owned by PSUsGovt seeks operational details of coal blocks owned by PSUs
India joins Asias top 5 phishers leagueIndia joins Asias top 5 phishers league
US stocks settle lowerUS stocks settle lower
Tech Mahindra inks an agreement with BombardierTech Mahindra inks an agreement with Bombardier
Nifty holds 8100; L&T  ONGC lead; HDFC under pressureSep 05, 2014, 10.54 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty holds 8100; L&T, ONGC lead; HDFC under pressure
The broader markets outperformed benchmarks with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices advancing 0.7 percent and 0.9 percent, respectively. About two shares advanced for every share declining on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty holds 8100; L&T, ONGC lead; HDFC under pressure
The broader markets outperformed benchmarks with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices advancing 0.7 percent and 0.9 percent, respectively. About two shares advanced for every share declining on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
10:55am Market Expert
Indian equities are not overvalued at this point and the Nifty could touch 9000 by March, feels Vibhav Kapoor, group Chief Investment Officer, IL&FS.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Kapoor says global equities in general are in a sweet spot, and even if the Fed were to hike rates, liquidity flows to emerging market would not impacted in a big way.
Kapoor feels some capital goods shares are expensive at current levels, but he is bullish on Larsen and Toubro if the economy can sustain the pace of recovery seen in the first quarter.
10:25am Infosys on buyers' radar
Shares of Infosys gain a percent as investors celebrate clenching its first big deal under new leadership of Vishal Sikka. The IT firm bagged five-year deal worth USD 500 million with BP.
As per the agreement, Infosys will provide IT services across BP's operations, including corporate functions, upstream, and downstream segments, energy trading and marketing in Houston, Texas, UK, Azerbaijan, Angola, Brazil and Singapore.
JP Morgan maintains overweight rating on Infosys with a December 2015 price target of Rs 3900, stating that the recent management change has potentially delayed revenue growth recovery but has also brought much-needed visibility.
10:00am Equity benchmarks continued to trade with marginal gains with the Sensex rising 30.38 points to 27116.31 and the Nifty gaining 11.80 points to 8107.75 supported by technology, oil & gas and metals stocks.
The broader markets outperformed benchmarks with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices advancing 0.7 percent and 0.9 percent, respectively. About two shares advanced for every share declining on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
 
NMDC topped the buying list in Nifty 50, up nearly 3 percent followed by ONGC, Infosys, DLF and GAIL with more than a percent gain.
Larsen and Toubro climbed over a percent too on getting a turnkey order for setting up a 2X660 MW supercritical thermal power project at Shree Singaji TPP on a complete engineering-procurement-construction basis from the state utility MP Power Generating Company. The company said the order, which is valued over Rs 5,100 crore, demands stringent completion schedule of 43/47 months (first unit/second unit).
However, HDFC, Coal India, Bharti Airtel, BHEL, Hero Motocorp, United Spirits and BPCL lost 1-2 percent.
09:12

Nifty ends below 8100; Bajaj Auto up 4%  infra metals dipSep 04, 2014, 05.36 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nifty ends below 8100; Bajaj Auto up 4%, infra & metals dip
As the market halted for some breathing space, experts are gung-ho on the market and feel the bull run is here to stay for some more time. Laijawala, MD & Head of Research, Deutsche Equities India says the good times have just begun.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends below 8100; Bajaj Auto up 4%, infra & metals dip
As the market halted for some breathing space, experts are gung-ho on the market and feel the bull run is here to stay for some more time. Laijawala, MD & Head of Research, Deutsche Equities India says the good times have just begun.
Post your opinion here
17:24
Moneycontrol Bureau
After a massive rally, it was a resting day for the bulls today. The market fell prey to profit booking in initial hours but rebounded in late trade. However, the Nifty could not cling on to 8100-mark at end. The 50-share index ended at 8095.95, down 18.65 points. The Sensex slipped 54.01 points at 27085.93.
As the market halted for some breathing space, experts are gung-ho on the market and feel the bull run is here to stay for some more time. Laijawala, MD & Head of Research, Deutsche Equities India says the good times have just begun. “This is going to be a 4-5 year bull market,” says Laijawala. He is one of early bulls to set a big bang year-end Sensex target of 28,000 after BJP's election win, expects the index to hit that mark well before December.
Meanwhile, infra, metals and realty stocks suffered major losses today. Both BHEL and Hindalco lost 4 percent on the BSE.
BHEL reacted to a CLSA report which indicated concerns about the company's financial performance. The brokerage has added BHEL to its conviction sell list as annual report suggested FY14 was one of the worst year on financial metrics.
Another stock which fell on its chin was JP Associates (down 20 percent intraday) as concerns grew with the promoters selling stake. Jaypee Infra Ventures sold almost 3.3 crore shares or 1.45 percent equity shares via the open market in the last three days. However, the company clarified that the promoters sold only 1.45 percent for social cause.
DLF also lost around 9 percent after the Haryana government cancelled the 350-acre land allotment made to the company in 2010.
However, amidst the volatility and profit booking, autos and select midcaps were on buyers’ radar. Bajaj Auto and Hero Moto gained 2-4 percent. NTPC, HDFC and Axis Bank were other gainers in the Sensex.
Oil slipped to around USD 102 a barrel, partially reversing a sharp rise the previous day, with more volatility expected as traders await the European Central Bank meeting and developments on Ukraine.
Meanwhile, India is on high alert after an Al-Qaeda video announced launch of its terror wing in the country. The home ministry has send investigative teams to sensitive areas.
14:00

Motorola s new Moto G  Moto X smartphones  Moto 360 Android Wear smartwatch coming to India todaySep 05, 2014 at  12:21pm IST
Motorola's new Moto G, Moto X smartphones, Moto 360 Android Wear smartwatch coming to India today
13
0
Live from the Motorola's new Moto G, Moto X, Moto 360 India launch event
New Delhi: Motorola has barely left anything for us to guess. It's almost clear what the company has up its sleeves for its event today in New Delhi and Chicago.
The new Moto G is expected to come with a 5-inch 720p display, dual speakers at the front, expandable storage support, and an 8 megapixel rear camera.
#motorola #moto g #moto x #android
Flipkart, which has been the exclusive partner for Motorola's Moto G, Moto X and Moto E smartphones in India, has also started teasing the upcoming launch on Twitter.
Google-owned Motorola, which is slated to be acquired by Lenovo, has already teased the sequels to its affordable Moto G and mid-range Moto X smartphones in its invites sent to media as well as on its teaser site newfrommoto.com .
Besides, the company is also expected to announce the commercial availability of the much-awaited Moto 360 smartwatch, which appears to be the best-looking Android Wear smartwatch around. The teaser site also hints at a new audio accessory launch.
If rumours are to be believed, the successor to the Moto G will be named the "new Moto G". It is expected to come with a 5-inch 720p display, dual speakers at the front, 8GB of internal memory, expandable storage support, 8 megapixel rear shooter, and a 2 megapixel front camera.
There are speculations that the new Moto G will come at a price similar to that of its predecessor. It is expected to cost around Rs 13,000 in India.
Designed with a curved back, the Moto X was received well both by critics and users. The company will announce its sequel today at its Chicago event. The "new Moto X" may feature a 5.1-inch display, 32GB internal storage (non-expandable) and a 12 megapixel rear camera.
What happens when the exceptional smartphone gets even better? Watch this space for the next level! pic.twitter.com/IRSYLRgy8Y

Nacto up on ANDA filingSep 05, 2014, 11.46 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Natco Pharma soars 4%, files ANDA for organ rejection drug
Natco said its marketing partner in the USA, Breckenridge Pharmaceutical Inc (BPI) has filed an ANDA for Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg tablets.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Natco Pharma soars 4%, files ANDA for organ rejection drug
Natco said its marketing partner in the USA, Breckenridge Pharmaceutical Inc (BPI) has filed an ANDA for Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg tablets.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors continued to buy shares of  Natco Pharma on Friday on filing abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) for organ rejection drug in the US. The stock gained as much as 4.4 percent to touch a new high of Rs 1,430.70 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Natco said its marketing partner in the USA, Breckenridge Pharmaceutical Inc (BPI) has filed an ANDA for Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg tablets.
Zortress, which is used to prevent organ rejection after a kidney or liver transplant, generated sales of USD 43.5 million for the twelve-month period ending July 2014, based on industry sales data.
Natco and BPI believe that its Paragraph IV ANDA was filed on the first-to-file date and expects to be the only generic that is entitled to the 180-day exclusivity period.
Novartis AG sells Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg tablets under brand name Zortress in the USA market.
At 11:31 hours IST, the stock was quoting at 1,430, up Rs 59.90, or 4.37 percent.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Kalpataru Power up 4% on pipeline  transmission ordersSep 05, 2014, 01.12 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kalpataru Power up 4% on pipeline, transmission orders
Kalpataru said out of the total orders received, one order was for supply, erection and commissioning of 765KV S/C portion of Mainpuri-Bara transmission line of 192 km worth over Rs 159 crore from ICI-C&C Mainpur JV (ISOLUX).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kalpataru Power up 4% on pipeline, transmission orders
Kalpataru said out of the total orders received, one order was for supply, erection and commissioning of 765KV S/C portion of Mainpuri-Bara transmission line of 192 km worth over Rs 159 crore from ICI-C&C Mainpur JV (ISOLUX).
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Kalpataru Power Transmission gained nearly 4 percent intraday Friday on bagging orders worth Rs 660 crore in pipeline and transmission segments.
Kalpataru said out of the total orders received, one order was for supply, erection and commissioning of 765KV S/C portion of Mainpuri-Bara transmission line of 192 km worth over Rs 159 crore from ICI-C&C Mainpur JV (ISOLUX).
Other two orders worth Rs 152 crore and 133 crore were for turnkey construction of Thumbli water pipeline project from  Cairn India and pipeline replacement project for KG basin from Gail India , respectively.
"We are gaining traction in domestic business. The new set of orders under pipeline division would be value accretive to overall portfolio," said Ranjit Singh, managing director.
Kalpataru Power also received contracts worth Rs 216 crore in transmission segment.
At 12:47 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 169.00, up Rs 1.00, or 0.60 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

AP govt allots 1 200 acres land to NTPC for project in VizagAP govt allots 1 200 acres land to NTPC for project in Vizag
UB chief vows legal step to clear nameUB chief vows legal step to clear name
Almond up on fresh buyingAlmond up on fresh buying
Natco up on ANDA filingSep 05, 2014, 11.46 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Natco Pharma soars 4%, files ANDA for organ rejection drug
Natco said its marketing partner in the USA, Breckenridge Pharmaceutical Inc (BPI) has filed an ANDA for Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg tablets.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Natco Pharma soars 4%, files ANDA for organ rejection drug
Natco said its marketing partner in the USA, Breckenridge Pharmaceutical Inc (BPI) has filed an ANDA for Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg tablets.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors continued to buy shares of  Natco Pharma on Friday on filing abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) for organ rejection drug in the US. The stock gained as much as 4.4 percent to touch a new high of Rs 1,430.70 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Natco said its marketing partner in the USA, Breckenridge Pharmaceutical Inc (BPI) has filed an ANDA for Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg tablets.
Zortress, which is used to prevent organ rejection after a kidney or liver transplant, generated sales of USD 43.5 million for the twelve-month period ending July 2014, based on industry sales data.
Natco and BPI believe that its Paragraph IV ANDA was filed on the first-to-file date and expects to be the only generic that is entitled to the 180-day exclusivity period.
Novartis AG sells Everolimus 0.25mg, 0.5mg, and 0.75mg tablets under brand name Zortress in the USA market.
At 11:31 hours IST, the stock was quoting at 1,430, up Rs 59.90, or 4.37 percent.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

